Payless ShoeSource names Cramer-Krasselt , Martin/Williams Advertising , part of Omnicom Group and Saatchi & Saatchi , part of Publicis Groupe , as finalists for North American creative duties ( S )
I.B.M .
Yet , what has driven Pfizer 's offer , in part , is the company 's promotional arrangement with Warner-Lambert to sell Lipitor .
After about a month transferring payments , Ms. Haloulos received a call from PayPal , which is a unit of eBay Inc. , informing her that her account had been frozen for fraudulent activity .
IBM plans to announce it is making 500 of its software patents freely available to anyone working on open-source projects , like popular Linux operating system , on which programmers collaborate and share code ; analysts say new model for IBM represents shift away from traditional corporate approach to protecting copyrights , trademark and trade-secret laws ; estimate IBM collected $ 1 billion or more last year from licensing its inventions ; IBM senior vice president John Kelly calls patent contribution beginning of new era in how IBM will manage intellectual property ; company was granted 3,248 patents in 2004 , far more than any other company ( M )
''So they 're more likely to go to the portals or Amazon , '' which for years have assembled collections of brand-name stores .
A result has been greater discord than usual among large sellers who use eBay to run their businesses and who feel as if their profit margins are getting steadily squeezed .
But the results at Quaker Foods North America , which makes up about 20 percent of PepsiCo 's business , were disappointing , prompting speculation that the company would eventually sell the business .
As part of a settlement , Morgan Stanley is expected to pay a fine of around $ 50 million , these people said .
Company executives in Belgium have commented on the situation , according to the Coca-Cola spokesman .
Wal-Mart 's culture is among the most tightly controlled in the nation .
Verizon , Seeking New Home Base , Is Said to Be Staying in New York
For a 3rd Time , Two Apples Meet in Court
A.T. & T. commands about 60 percent of the long-distance market , and competitors like MCI Communications and Sprint are now firmly entrenched and profitable .
But even at the higher price , Oracle still faces considerable roadblocks in its fight to take over its rival .
Four companies still dominate the market -- Merck , GlaxoSmithKline , American Home Products and Aventis Pasteur ( part of the French drug giant Aventis ) .
These are crucial technologies in the emerging markets for online media and Internet commerce , where Microsoft , not yet dominant , has many rivals .
Starbucks joined with PepsiCo to bottle and distribute its Frappuccino drinks , and sells coffee ice cream through an agreement with Dreyer 's Grand .
Justice Department Names 'Point Man ' on Microsoft Case
The ads , which are also appearing in New York City on bus stop billboards and in subway cars , do not refer to the damage to the company that included the resignation of Marsh & McLennan 's chief executive , Jeffrey W. Greenberg , in late 2004 .
Motorola said its costly efforts to retire debts , reduce inventories and streamline operations -- a major contributor to its one-time expenses -- had permitted it to generate more than $ 1 billion in cash in the quarter .
Boeing officials said at the time that their goal was to have a third of the company 's revenue coming from nontraditional areas by 1980 .
He said he had not met one person who made a credible argument that market forces alone would mitigate Microsoft 's behavior .
In addition to Cline Davis continuing with the health-care and interactive assignments , Mr. Ewing said , Pfizer will continue using Digitas as the direct marketing and relationship marketing agency for Viagra , an assignment awarded to the Digitas New York office in April .
According to William White , a Sprint spokesman , Mr. LeMay told Mr. Esrey on Tuesday that he planned to leave Waste Management .
''This is déjà vu all over again , '' said David J. Lothson , an analyst for UBS Securities , who predicts Johnson & Johnson will face even greater competition in the next couple of years .
Pfizer already has an extensive collaboration with Medarex , although Medarex also has deals with several other companies .
CBS also said Mr. Redstone 's deferred compensation will be eliminated , and the bonus he stands to receive if certain performance goals are met would be cut to $ 3.5 millon a year from $ 6.1 million .
The video game maker Electronic Arts said it would develop 10 games for the forthcoming Nintendo GameCube , giving a lift to Nintendo 's competitive position in the increasingly crowded game console market .
AT & T Corp reports first-quarter earnings rose 42 percent to $ 1.78 billion , up 42 percent from $ 1.25 billion in 1998 period , excluding effects of acquisition and special charges ; these charges brought earnings down to $ 1.08 billion , from $ 1.3 billion in 1998 period ; AT & T announces partnership with Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp to provide comprehensive packages of communications services in Japan and perhaps other parts of Asia ; continuing uncertainty about AT & T 's bid to acquire cable television company Mediaone Group Inc , bid that competes with Comcast Corp 's plan to acquire Mediaone , dulls investor interest in AT & T ( M )
Asked what correlation there was between his campaign and the price of Paychex stock , Mr. Golisano said : ''None . ''
Walt Disney Studio , seeking to reverse box office slump , is putting renewed stress on making modestly budgeted wholesome family movies ; Nina Jacobson , president of Buena Vista Motion Picture Group , Disney unit that makes live-action films , comments ; Disney , which invented family film , faces stiff competition in field ; graph of Buena Vista 's market share ; photos ( M )
Now , with its market share falling toward 25 percent , General Motors is struggling to revive its core business -- selling America its cars , trucks and minivans -- and seems in need of a few good ideas .
Some of the biggest names in the electronics industry , including Intel , Nokia and Samsung , have latched on to the idea , sponsoring competitions in the hope of a big publicity payback and sales boost .
The idea is to be able to deliver intelligence when it is needed to help users as diverse as mortgage loan officers and police detectives make better and more timely decisions , said Ambuj Goyal , general manager of I.B.M .
News Corporation raised its earnings guidelines for the year , expecting operating income to grow 17 to 19 percent , compared with its earlier estimate of ''low double-digit growth . ''
''Wal-Mart 's best chance to gain ground on its rivals is by buying in the south , '' Mr. Kawassaki said .
Microsoft Corp , reversing strategy again , has stitched its disparate Internet services back into unified network , which it reintroduced in Sept under MSN name ; service combines news , data , shopping , bulletin boards and electronic mail ; service will report to Microsoft president Steve Ballmer , as Pete Higgins , top on-line executive , plans leave of absence ; Microsoft sites , taken together , constitute third-most-popular Internet network after America Online and Yahoo ; table of key Web services , including those offered by Microsoft ; drawings ( M )
Procter & Gamble fell $ 1.11 , to $ 69.05 ; Merck dropped $ 2.08 , to $ 77.45 , and Johnson & Johnson lost $ 1.68 , to $ 96.80 .
By contrast , Home Depot 's chief competitor , Lowe 's , has paid its chief executives about one-third of what Mr. Nardelli made during the same time , while investors have enjoyed a healthy increase in their holdings .
The laggards feared they would inevitably fall victim to the same forces that enabled Microsoft to reduce many PC hardware makers to mere purveyors of commodity goods .
AT & T said that he would remain with the company until early next year as chairman of the company 's charitable foundation .
Over the years , Morgan Stanley added securities trading , research and money management for pension funds , mutual funds and other institutional investors .
I.B.M .
Nervous investors drive shares of American Express Co down 6.8 percent after chief executive Harvey Golub warns that its growth overseas will be hampered by Asian financial crisis and by softening of global economy ; shares plunge $ 7.375 , to $ 101.0625 on nearly five times normal trading volume ( M )
Nike should also take more aggressive steps to explain and enforce its code of conduct , and it needs to promote the development of worker representation in factories , he said .
A North Carolina hospital found that 31 percent of 1,900 patients who described themselves as Wal-Mart employees were on Medicaid , while an additional 16 percent had no insurance at all .
THE REAL THING Truth and Power at the Coca-Cola Company By Constance L. Hays 398 pages .
Carnival raises its hostile bid for P & O Princess Cruises 12 percent , to $ 6.4 billion , seeking to prevent P & O 's merger with Royal Caribbean Cruises ; P & O shareholders are scheduled to vote Feb 14 on whether to accept $ 2.9 billion takeover offer by Royal Caribbean ( M )
EBay would not explain how its ad auction would work or say whether buyers and sellers would be able to know how much others were bidding .
Mr. Anderson came to Apple from the minicomputer and data processing industries and was instrumental in keeping the company afloat during its darkest days before Mr. Jobs returned to Apple in 1997 .
For Han Ik Soo , who oversees production of 400 compact cars a day in an antiquated plant in this industrial port city west of Seoul , the recent takeover of the factory by General Motors represents a welcome reunion .
After the purchase , Richard T. Weiss , who heads Strong 's investment department , will become a senior investment executive and portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management , the Wells Fargo asset-management subsidiary .
Microsoft paid vast sums of money , and renounced many millions more in lost revenue every year , in order to induce firms to take actions that would help enhance Internet Explorer 's share of browser usage at Navigator 's expense .
Microsoft 's previous foray into original Web content was not particularly auspicious .
And while Road Runner , the company 's high-speed Internet service , has more than 320,000 clients , it has not grown as rapidly as Time Warner had hoped .
''Search is one of the great services of the Internet age , and we believe that Microsoft and the rest of the industry have only scratched the surface on how search technology can help people and businesses , '' said Lisa Gurry , director of Microsoft 's MSN service .
Microsoft 's effort a few weeks later to debunk Dr. Felten 's testimony using videotaped demonstrations was riddled with errors and misleading assertions that turned it into a courtroom embarrassment .
Four Home Depot directors who have or will soon reach the mandatory retirement age will leave the board by the time its 2008 annual meeting ; waivers that allowed some of them to stay will not be extended .
Bank of America , for example , is pushing about 300 of MBNA 's 5,000 affinity credit cards -- like those carrying the logo of Habitat for Humanity or a Major League Baseball team -- through Bank of America retail branches .
This year , Royal Caribbean will account for about 17 percent of the cruise industry 's available berths , and Celebrity will account for about 6.5 percent , according to industry estimates .
But Ford negotiated the spin-off as part of its contract anyway .
''We believe that the division 's suggestion that Microsoft break Windows 95 a bit -- by making it hard or impossible for end users to find many of the Internet-related features of the product -- is profoundly anti-consumer and could advance no conceivable goal of the antitrust laws , '' the letter said .
Apart from the hijinks of Monsieur Jolly-Bollin ( the father of modern dry cleaning ) , what 's intriguing about the ''Clotheskeeping '' issue is that it has only one advertiser : 33 pages of the Gap .
Barbie 's sales slid 12.8 percent over the last year , to $ 1.2 billion , from $ 1.4 billion , while Mattel 's revenue rose 1.5 percent , to $ 5.2 billion .
Comcast has not committed itself to offering the new network in all of the markets the company serves , according to the person close to the negotiations .
McDonald 's has made itself extra-sensitive in the Indian market since then , and the results are beginning to show .
Under his leadership , Exxon scaled down and reduced costs by selling subsidiaries , closing service stations and moving its headquarters from Manhattan to Irving , Tex .
In that case , you can use Apple 's new iPod Photo Connector ( $ 30 ) , a tiny , white plastic doohickey that snaps directly onto the iPod .
Citigroup , in the settlement , denied allegations of wrongdoing .
Morgan Stanley struck back in May , filing a countersuit that accuses accused LVMH and its chairman , the French entrepreneur Bernard Arnault , of instigating an ''unjust and abusive procedure '' against it and demanding 10 million euros in damages and the publication of a final court verdict in 20 newspapers and magazines .
Alice L. Walton , the Wal-Mart heiress and one of the richest people in the world , bought an Asher B. Durand painting yesterday from the New York Public Library for what is said to be more than $ 35 million .
For years car makers , including General Motors , tenaciously fought California 's mandate that they build zero-emission vehicles , warning that battery technology was not up to snuff and that there was only a tiny market for something as costly and inconvenient as an electric car .
The acquisition of the Sears portfolio will make Citigroup the largest private-label credit card issuer in the nation , doubling the size of its private-label outstanding balances , or receivables , to $ 33 billion .
One is a suite for graphic designers that includes Adobe 's flagship program , Illustrator ; its Creative and Photoshop programs ; and Flash .
For Microsoft , the Time May Have Come to Cut a Deal
At the same time , in its new filing , Microsoft argued once again that America Online 's purchase of Netscape Communications rendered the Government 's antitrust suit irrelevant .
The company , VeriSign , is a leader in networking infrastructure and manages registration for the .com and .net Internet domains .
Yet while the 2006 profit of just under $ 7.5 billion was a record for Morgan Stanley , it lagged the $ 9.5 billion generated by its archrival , Goldman Sachs , whose profit rose 76 percent for the year .
Still , if you stay within the Apple ecosystem -- use its online store , its jukebox software and so on -- you get a seamless , trouble-free experience , with a greater selection of TV shows and movies than you can find from any other online store .
Bristol-Myers Squibb jolts Wall Street by saying that its sales and earnings for first quarter and year will be significantly lower than investors had been expecting ; says drug wholesalers , reacting to sales incentives from Bristol-Myers , have bought far more of its products over many months than what pharmacies needed to fill prescriptions ; contends that is now hurting sales as wholesalers reduce their purchases in effort to lower their inventories ; chairman-chief executive Peter R Dolan says company discovered that its projections of drug sales in US were 'dramatically off track ' ( M )
Amazon , which is losing money although it is one of the most-visited sites on the Web , expects to help these companies and to expand well beyond books , CD 's , electronics and toys .
On Wednesday , for instance , 6 percent of Gomez 's automated shopping searches on Amazon failed .
Wal-Mart has had a foothold in China 's retail market since 1996 , and the company gets a huge percentage of the products it sells elsewhere in the world from China .
Citigroup is doing well in the smaller business of issuing cards on behalf of merchants , he said .
Costco 's pretax profit margin is only 2.7 percent of revenue , less than half Wal-Mart 's margin of 5.5 percent .
But if , as Microsoft urged , its Web browser should more correctly have been viewed as an innovation that enhanced Windows , portions of Judge Jackson 's ruling might be vulnerable on appeal .
More than 50 percent of the funds sold by Morgan Stanley are its own .
In the early 1990 's , Airbus executives learned of Boeing 's plans to cut its production costs by 25 percent in a bid to underprice Airbus and gain market share .
Still , for the moment , the embargo of ''I.B.M .
The MX900 mouse , which costs about $ 100 , is available at the Logitech site , online retailers like Amazon.com and Buy.com and at MicroCenter and CompUSA .
''It became more clear as the months went by that a gap existed between the university 's expectations and what Microsoft could supply , '' said Elizabeth W. King , general manager of Microsoft 's educational customer unit .
Against this opposition , Microsoft has found itself in the uncommon position of campaigning for the even-handed competition of ''a level playing field . ''
The ''empire '' in question , of course , is Nike , which Adbusters disdains for past labor practices it calls exploitative as well as for powerful marketing campaigns that enlist celebrity athletes like Tiger Woods , Mia Hamm and LeBron James .
Advertising column describing Tiffany & Co 's foray into television advertising for first time in company 's history ; aim is to expand its consumer appeal without compromising its prestigious image ; commercials were created by McCann-Erickson ( M )
General Motors Corp says June 1998 car and truck sales were highest for any month in nine years but predicts July sales will plummet because of strikes that have shut down most North American assembly plants ; vice president Ronald L Zarella says sales will drop 30 percent to 40 percent below year-earlier period , pushing GM 's market share to record low of 25 percent and putting it behind Ford Motor Co as largest volume vehicle manufacturer in US ; company sold 492,937 cars and trucks in June , 24 percent increase over year-earlier period ; Chrysler reports 10 percent increase in sales , compared with June 1997 ; photo ( M )
Microsoft will license its Windows , Office and Encarta software on the same terms that colleges and universities use and will train 4,000 computer operators to run the centers .
''It kind of speaks to I.B.M .
For that matter , given the extra year , Mr. Armstrong and the board would probably not have been seduced by the breakup concept that opened the door to Comcast in the first place .
Press agents for WCCO television , the local CBS affiliate , came up and asked for his reporter 's notebook .
Ken Burns and General Motors plan unusually intensive corporate promotional and marketing drive for his PBS documentary series Jazz ( M )
If Whole Foods is allowed to devour Wild Oats , it will mean higher prices , reduced quality and fewer choices for consumers . ''
Frenzied merger activity in last week could propel four regional telecommunications companies , SBC , Qwest , Verizon and BellSouth , into level of direct competition they have worked deftly to avoid ; analysts say SBC and Qwest could use AT & T and MCI networks as entrees into new parts of nation , forcing Verizon and BellSouth to fight back ; drawing ( M )
So advantageous is Microsoft 's position , in fact , that the company 's tactics have aroused the interest of the Justice Department , which is investigating whether the company is violating antitrust law .
I.B.M .
Industry experts who Mr. Waxman 's office spoke to said it should cost no more than 25 cents a gallon for Halliburton to transport gasoline by tanker-trailers from neighboring countries to Baghdad .
CNBC also dismissed any connection between Citigroup 's sponsorship in the Sundance Channel program and Ms. Bartiromo 's participation .
The settlement resolves a lawsuit filed in 2002 by Overture Services , a company that pioneered the sale of advertising linked to Web search results ; Yahoo acquired Overture in 2003 .
And analysts noted that the trend among high school and college students to use portable computers , which Apple has in ready supply , means that Apple has not necessarily missed big portions of the back-to-school market .
Industry executives said the new product would appeal to telephone companies in Asia and the Middle East , and could help increase AT & T 's overseas sales , which are currently 25 percent of the division 's total revenue of more than $ 20 billion .
I have accumulated 3.4 million frequent-flier miles on American Airlines -- enough for lifetime Platinum status .
For it now appears that Microsoft 's Windows Media Player , while conveniently integrated into Windows XP , will play music and video recorded in the company 's proprietary formats but not in those of its competitors or even in high-quality versions of the popular public MP3 audio standard .
There will be limits to I.B.M .
On Monday alone , Microsoft 's stock was off 6 percent , and Intel 's almost 12 percent .
Judge Fullam said he found no basis for age discrimination ''for the simple reason that employees of all ages were treated alike '' as Allstate moved to streamline its sales operations and cut costs .
CNBC told The New York Times that Ms. Bartiromo had made 46 promotional appearances on behalf of the cable news channel , three of those for Citigroup .
Once high-flying Internet conglomerate Softbank says that it had marked down value of its sprawling portfolio of major investments in other Internet companies by nearly 51 billion yen ( $ 414 million ) , resulting in loss of 54.3 billion yen ( $ 441 million ) in six months ended Sept 30 ; company 's large stakes in Yahoo , Yahoo Japan and E*Trade Group have lost more than 80 percent of their value since technology bubble burst last year ; photo of Masayoshi Son , president of Softbank ( M )
The breakfast sandwiches , with upscale ingredients like peppered bacon and sun-dried tomatoes , are being gradually rolled out across the country as part of a concerted -- and some say long overdue -- effort by Starbucks to improve its food .
The tit for tat public exchanges and the slow drip of executive departures has kept downward pressure on Morgan Stanley 's shares , especially since there is a sense that Mr. Purcell has survived the worst of the battle and may not be forced to step down any time soon .
BB & T , the nation 's ninth-largest financial holding company , announced yesterday that it would deny loans to developers building shopping malls and other private projects on land acquired through eminent domain .
In after-hours trading , I.B.M .
''It 's somewhat of a surprise that investors are this nervous about the strike , given that it should n't hurt Boeing . ''
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 4.0 will be distributed by computer makers and Internet service providers and will be accessible free from Microsoft 's World Wide Web site beginning on Tuesday .
As part of a rebranding , Citigroup executives are considering shortening the company 's name to Citi and replacing the red umbrella sign with a stylized red arc above the name .
''When I was born , there was I.B.M. , '' he said .
With the $ 44.1 million charge , related to its acquisition of Viaweb Inc. , which runs Web sites for small businesses , Yahoo lost $ 36 million in the second quarter .
This was an attempt to disprove Microsoft 's assertion that the browser had been so thoroughly integrated into Windows that neither would work any longer without the other .
Ten months after Rochester became the first city in the nation to open its local phone market to competition , new entrants like Time Warner and the long-distance carrier AT & T are hearing a lot of busy signals .
`` I 've changed my mind , '' said Evan Sturza , editor of the Sturza Medical Investment Letter , who recommended selling Biogen earlier in the week .
Several research analysts , however , suggested that Johnson & Johnson 's negotiating options might be limited in part because it spent weeks publicly portraying Guidant as damaged goods .
Shares of Yahoo rose 82 cents yesterday , to close at $ 34.88 .
Comcast will make the on-demand programming available to those who subscribe to one of its digital cable packages , which cost either $ 9.95 or $ 14.95 a month on top of a basic cable charge .
The men were selected as part of a national promotion , which , like the campaign , is intended to generate sales for the Kohl 's Bridal Aisle gift registry .
With substantial support from I.B.M. , Transmeta executives set the company on a course that competes directly with Intel , the world 's largest chip maker .
She recites a toll-free telephone number that can be called for enrollment information ( 1-800-727-5400 ) and reads the Merck Web address ( merck.com ) .
Ford , General Electric , I.B.M. , Kraft , AT & T , General Motors and other companies have doubled and even trebled their initial plans for bond offerings as investors , disenchanted with the stock market , have all but begged to buy their debt .
The worm preys on Microsoft E-mail programs like Outlook , Outlook Express and Exchange , and other programs that use a Microsoft protocol called MAPI .
The ads , running in Omaha and Tucson , underscore Wal-Mart 's transformation over the last several years from an insular company obsessed with low prices and technological efficiency to one that openly acknowledges its public relations troubles and has introduced numerous programs to counter them .
Mr. Kiernan had said that the letters mainly concerned minor problems with Merck advertisements , like the color or size of type , Mr. Lanier said .
But Martin Bukoll , an analyst at Northern Trust , said that the issues surrounding Medco had ''tarnished the silver that is Merck , '' a much-admired company , ''because Medco remains a part of Merck . ''
Microsoft 's proposed conduct restrictions fall far short of the government 's , and the company explained : ''Courts are not authorized in civil enforcement proceedings to punish antitrust defendants .
Citigroup 's American Airlines credit card is ''the single most successful credit card in the country in terms of the dollars it generates in spending , '' said David Robertson , publisher of the Nilson Report , which tracks the credit card industry .
For their part , the machinists are angry that Boeing has demanded concessions even as its profits have rebounded strongly .
''The Internet service provider business does n't have strategic value for Microsoft , '' he said .
''Intel was the key for the markets today , '' said Jonathan Joseph , an analyst for Nationsbanc Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , ''because its performance is the broadest and surest measure of the direction of the personal computer industry worldwide and it has a big Asian business . ''
A person close to the commission 's workings said Microsoft was expecting too much in the way of documentation .
Procter 's executives were prepared to pay the price of millions of dollars in added production costs and logistical hurdles to maintain reliable supplies of one of their most lucrative and recognizable brands .
Citigroup , which is the largest banking company in the United States and owns the Travelers insurance company and the Salomon Smith Barney securities firm , sees room to greatly expand lending operations in Mexico .
IBM says it will ship Intel Corp 's new Pentium III microprocessor with built-in serial number hidden by computer 's hardware ; announcement seeks to address growing controvery over new security feature in Pentium III ; Intel is addressing problem by offering specific software program , known as utility program , to prevent number 's being read by other software ; IBM 's remedy goes further and hides number at hardware level , which is harder to penetrate ( M )
But most analysts suggested that the company would still have some work to do to before it became a global , not just American , competitor of Goldman and Merrill and Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter .
Last month , Bank of America reported a 27 percent increase in fiscal fourth-quarter earnings on higher fees from mortgages and credit card loans as well as reduced costs from the elimination of 8,726 jobs , or 6.1 percent of its work force .
Craig Barrett , president and chief executive of Intel , issued a statement this morning praising the proposed deal .
In return , Best Buy , based in Richfield , Minn. , will receive stock in Napster 's parent , Roxio , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , worth up to $ 10 million over the term of the multiyear agreement .
A federal grand jury indicted Mr. Sklyarov , 26 , a Russian graduate student , and his employer , ElcomSoft of Moscow , on Tuesday on charges arising from contributions to the Advanced eBook Processor , software that can decrypt the electronic books of Adobe Systems .
Ford Motor Co will raise $ 848 million toward its overhaul plan by selling Aston Martin sports car brand to group headed by British racing champion David Richards ; joining Richards in deal are American banker John Sinders and Kuwaiti investments firms Investment Dar and Adeem Investment Co ; Ford , which has owned at least 75 percent of company since 1987 , will retain stake worth $ 77 million , held in separate class of preferred stock ; photo ( M )
The disclosure in March of additional problems attributed them to the weakness in accounting procedures in areas like tracking the hundreds of agency acquisitions made by Interpublic in the 1990 's .
Boeing 's fourth-quarter earnings reflected a charge of $ 84 million , or 21 cents a share , to finance the company 's Sharevalue Trust , which acquires and distributes shares of common stock to employees .
Later , when a Microsoft promotional program popped onto the screen unbidden , complete with a loud gong from Big Ben followed by upbeat jazz , Mr. Allchin looked a bit annoyed and said , ''Very nice music , but not tonight . ''
AT & T 's government solutions unit already has 4,000 employees , and Mr .
''Obviously , it 's cash , '' said Jack McCollough , half of the designing duo behind the ultraducky label Proenza Schouler , which Target will begin selling next month .
After all , there are cheaper ways to turn your digital shots into prints , like taking your memory card to a Wal-Mart ( 15 cents for a four-by-six-inch print ) or ordering them online ( 19 cents each through Apple 's service ) ; prints from the 8250 average 24 cents in ink and paper .
The nation 's most powerful supercomputer for weather forecasting is scheduled to go online today , I.B.M .
Intel says the combination of the two technologies will quadruple production efficiency .
Bank of America 's approach means that practically any cellphone with Web access -- nearly 85 percent of all mobile handsets , according to the company -- can use the service .
There is a business justification for what Microsoft has done . ''
The company said the contract gave Goodyear some much-needed control over benefit and wage costs and provided opportunities for improved productivity and streamlining .
Shares of Coca-Cola have fallen 2.6 percent since Mr. Daft 's announcement last Thursday .
Now , because of the antitrust ruling against Microsoft , the government and states think that ''the bar has moved substantially '' in their favor since 1998 , according to one person involved in the antitrust case against the software maker .
Apple Reports Strong Third-Quarter Sales
Mr. Roskind was convinced he got a raw deal from Morgan Stanley & Company two years ago when he sold a block of Netscape shares -- even though the brokerage firm did not charge him a commission or fee .
Both Pillsbury and General Mills are based in Minneapolis .
Robert DeFillippo , chief communications officer for Prudential Financial , which was dismissed from the arbitration , declined to comment on the case .
Airbus Wins $ 4 Billion Order From Iberia , Beating Boeing
''We do not want to be in the Britney Spears business , '' Starbucks ' chairman , Howard Schultz , said .
Mostly , that is because Comcast has bid for only one part of AT & T .
Chronic overproduction of the proteins ''has been linked to many inflammatory conditions , including rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis , septic shock , leprosy and tuberculosis , '' Celgene said .
The United Technologies Corporation , makers of Pratt & Whitney jet engines , announced the $ 4 billion acquistion yesterday of the Sundstrand Corporation , a maker of internal systems for airplanes , in a deal that would enable United Technologies to provide airplane makers with a broader array of aeronautics wares to buy .
With Women Central , Microsoft hopes to tap into what Jupiter Communications , a new-media research company , calls the fastest-growing audience on the Web , a market expected to grow to 65 million in 2002 from 45 million today .
A group of three banks led by the Royal Bank of Scotland submitted a $ 24.5 billion offer on Saturday for LaSalle Bank , the American unit of the Dutch bank ABN Amro , that would top an earlier bid from Bank of America , a person familiar with the bid said .
''We 'll put E-Dialog together with our agencies , '' said Gil Fuchsberg , vice president for new media and technology at Interpublic , ''when clients tell us : 'My Web banner ads are not working .
The group represents Western Union , Travelers Express , Thomas Cook Inc. , American Express , Moneygram Payment Systems , Citicorp Services and Comdata Inc .
Mr. Chandler , who has been with the News Corporation 29 years , will become chief executive of the Natural Energy Solutions Corporation , a health-related media business founded last year by Mr. Chandler 's fiancée , Erika Schwartz .
On Tuesday , Entergy said it had agreed to manage Maine Yankee , the state 's troubled nuclear plant .
''This decision is a blow to our entire community , '' said Mark Blondin , president of the local chapter of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers , representing about 25,000 Boeing workers .
Mr. Guajardo said that he and a group of legislators were considering introducing a bill to require the use of open-source software , like the Linux operating system , in the e-Mexico initiative , rather than proprietary software like Microsoft 's , which is protected by copyrights and patents and must be paid for through license and upgrade fees .
''Whatever you used to put on eBay used to sell immediately , '' Mr. Katon said .
Coca-Cola controls about 42 percent of Coca-Cola Enterprises , which was spun off as a separate , publicly traded company in 1986 .
Analysts were concerned that Verizon 's capital spending grew 36 percent , to $ 3.6 billion , in the quarter .
Microsoft Corp reports 11 percent gain in revenue in its fiscal fourth quarter ended June 30 , surpassing Wall Street 's expectations ; profits were slightly below analysts ' expectations ; revenue was $ 8.07 billion , increase from $ 7.25 billion year earlier ; net income was $ 1.92 billion , up from $ 1.53 billion year ago ; chief financial officer John Connors comments ( M )
Apple stock dipped $ 1.71 , to $ 90.48 , in after-hours trading after the announcement .
Liberty was then a News Corporation shareholder , and Mr. Malone ultimately decided not to bid .
In his brief speech to Morgan Stanley 's employees , Mr. Mack said that he felt as if he was home again and proclaimed his belief in the ''one-firm firm , '' a mantra he has echoed from his days as president at Morgan Stanley to his time as chief executive at Credit Suisse First Boston .
Tomorrow , Bill Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , ventures into Hollywood to announce a renewed assault on a different front in his war of the tube , one that builds on Microsoft 's greatest strength : Windows .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , said last week that it expected sales to flatten out in the current quarter and begin creeping upward again in the second half of the year .
She added that the outlook for the fourth quarter had improved , leading Oracle to raise its full-year forecast to 64 cents to 65 cents a share , from a previous forecast of 62 cents a share .
The Federal Government and 20 state Attorneys General filed two broad , aggressive antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corporation today , launching the most concerted government attack on a single company in a generation .
''We are in the process of transforming Mattel from a traditional toy company with four core brands to a children 's products company , '' Ms. Barad said in a statement explaining the reason for the management changes .
But Bank of America has not experienced a strong revival in demand for large corporate loans .
Revenue increased 26 percent , to $ 22.7 billion , partly because of revenue from MCI , which Verizon absorbed in January .
But even if Intel is successful in establishing the new business brand , the landscape of the chip industry has been transformed .
Since that seemed so easy , he instructed Microsoft to appear in court on Jan. 13 to show why Explorer could not be removed .
General Motors ' market share in North America and Europe continues to fall , and it expects to cut production in the United States slightly in the fourth quarter compared with the period in 1999 .
in 1997 as the heir apparent to Xerox 's chief , Paul A. Allaire , Mr. Rand knew he would have to go elsewhere to be a chief executive .
When he was at Microsoft , Mr. Silverberg favored making the company 's Internet Explorer browser compatible with all computers , not just those running Windows .
''Our plans have n't changed , '' said T. R. Reid , a spokesman for the Dell Computer Corporation , which plans to ship machines loaded with Microsoft 's Windows 98 on June 25 .
Bank of America 's nonperforming assets amounted to 1.6 percent of total loans in the second quarter , compared with 0.97 percent a year earlier .
The deal was expected to close within 90 days and to reduce the company 's earnings by 1 cent in 2003 , Starbucks said .
Motorola Releases Earnings in Rebuff to Debt-Rating Cut
Finnish paper company Stora Enso will acquire Consolidated Papers Inc in deal valued at $ 3.9 billion , plus assumption of $ 900 million in debt ; merged company 's combined sales of $ 13.2 billion in 1999 places it distant second in revenue to International Paper Co ; new company will probably be world 's largest producer in terms of paper tonnage ; more mergers in industry are anticipated ; photo of George Mead of Consolidated and Jukka Harmala of Stora Enso ( M )
Yahoo Reports That Earnings Beat Estimates by a Penny
BayStar Capital , private investment firm , tells SCO Group to return $ 50 million investment it made in it in October 2003 , raising questions about company 's future and its ability to wage lengthy legal attack on Linux ; advance of Linux as alternative to Microsoft operating system for computers used in business could accelerate if threat of SCO litigation recedes ; SCO contends thta Linux is variant of Unix , to which it holds rights ; IBM and others contend that SCO 's legal rights are less far-reaching and that Linux is not in violation ; photos ( M )
Doo.Ri , Thakoon and Rodarte are labels with resonance among fashion followers , and their takes on the Gap classic , to those customers , will be interesting .
''Jack took on the confederacy of car companies that was General Motors and turned it into one company with six brands . ''
Criticism of Wal-Mart 's wages , health insurance and pricing strategy has crescendoed in the last year , with the release of a feature-length film attacking the company and the passage of a law in Maryland that , unless struck down , would force the retailer to increase spending on health care .
He rose through the company 's ranks in the United States , Yemen and Russia , spending his entire career at Exxon 's production units .
Nonetheless , Nike will have to do some quick reshuffling .
For example , the corporate version 's desktop software ( called BlackBerry Redirector ) synchronizes your pager with your Outlook or Lotus Notes mail wirelessly , much like Motorola 's MyMail .
Schelley Olhava , a senior analyst with the International Data Corporation , said Microsoft stood a better chance in Europe than in Japan because game players there have similar tastes to players in North America .
Intel 's stock closed down slightly at $ 33.39 , ahead of the earnings report , which was issued after the close of regular trading .
Pratt & Whitney , the engine maker owned by the United Technologies Corporation , revived itself with such a radical shift , but most executives are not ready for that , said Mr. Womack , who was dismissed as a consultant to Boeing for being , as he put it , ''disruptive and obnoxious . ''
The ruling on Friday by a federal judge , rejecting strong sanctions against Microsoft , means it will not have to change its ways much despite its antitrust violations .
And computer users are shifting to Internet-based versions of spreadsheet and e-mail programs that have been Microsoft staples .
Moreover , the push to take over the corporate data center is not one where Microsoft has any historical advantage because it is a market that had long been largely dominated by I.B.M .
and Honeywell shares .
Microsoft executives said that the company intended to take on both Google and Yahoo by making advertising-supported services the core of a broad new Web-based software applications business .
Now , it is Microsoft 's turn to present its side of a series of meetings and deals with corporate rivals and partners beginning in 1995 .
''The economy is recovering , and Time Warner is experiencing the benefits , '' said Tom Wolzien , a media analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein .
Microsoft hopes that Mr. Gates will persuade a judge who is relatively new to the case not to risk meddling with a company that has long been an economic engine for the technology industry and the American economy .
They played a central role , for instance , in discouraging Microsoft and the federal government from reaching a settlement during a round of mediation last year .
The Coca-Cola Company is in serious talks to acquire Quaker Oats , the maker of Gatorade , in an effort to expand its position in the lucrative noncarbonated-drink business , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday .
Even if approval of the new products is delayed , Biogen will still be profitable , said Wole M. Fayemi , a biotechnology securities analyst with Hambrecht & Quist .
General Motors Corp reports earnings of $ 1.29 billion in second quarter compared with $ 477 million year earlier ; revenue rose to $ 48.27 billion from $ 46.22 billion ; GM 's share of US auto market increased , to 28.1 percent in quarter from 27.3 percent in quarter year earlier ; says value of its pension fund declined 3 percent in first half of year ; company had projected 10 percent gain ; GM shares fall $ 2.08 , or 4.3 percent , to $ 45.84 ; chief financial officer John M Devine comments ( M )
Ms. Regan acknowledged that VeriSign used GreatDomains to market , for $ 50 each , domain names that were held upbefore March 2000 for nonpayment of fees .
Microsoft 's response has been , and continues to be , that by now its Internet Explorer program for browsing the World Wide Web is deeply integrated into its Windows operating system .
The relationship took another rocky turn recently as eBay announced that starting May 31 , it would prohibit sellers from linking to their own home pages from eBay pages that list items up for bid .
Ken Lombard , president of Starbucks Entertainment , said the company had ''numerous '' discussions with publishers eager for their books to be selected for a marketing push at Starbucks .
A possible reason for the different reception in this country from that in the United States is that most Mexicans do not have bank accounts and Wal-Mart plans to offer them the opportunity to have one , making it hard for local activists to stir public outrage .
Instead , these two groups -- and an eclectic collection of 69 more -- have signed up to testify before federal regulators deciding , of all things , whether Wal-Mart can open a bank .
Mr. Ruhalter 's great-grandfather Aaron Ruhalter opened a butcher shop on Orchard Street in 1923 , one his grandfather moved to Essex Street Market when it opened .
Since Target 's physical stores are places of public accommodation , the ruling said , its online store must also be accessible or the company must offer equally effective alternatives .
With captchas getting easier for computers and more difficult for real people , several Internet companies , including Microsoft and eBay , are working on replacements .
I.B.M .
The company 's chairman and chief executive , Philip M. Condit , said he envisioned a ''leaner corporate center '' that would give Boeing greater ''flexibility to move capital and talent to the opportunities that maximize shareholder value . ''
Other agencies that now handle direct-marketing duties for I.B.M .
Outbidding the rival Homestake Mining Company , the Newmont Mining Corporation announced an agreement yesterday to acquire the Santa Fe Pacific Gold Corporation for $ 2.43 billion in stock , securing a position as the top gold-mining company in North America .
Yet even if Microsoft is guilty of such misconduct , the present economic harm would seem to be slight , beyond the damage done to the company 's rivals .
With Enbrel , Amgen would gain a proven winner .
On Monday , Intel said it would delay a projection television chip that was to have been based on the new technology .
For Citigroup , that will make the net cost of the deal roughly $ 800 million .
The association plans to gather positive stories and a list of spokesmen and spokeswomen who work for companies like Microsoft and I.B.M .
Despite its apparent uphill battle , Microsoft made no new arguments at the closed hearing on Wednesday , people at the hearing said .
The University of Southern California wide receiver Mike Williams learned yesterday that the N.C.A.A .
Indian Drug Maker Says It Will Keep Attacking Patents Despite Pfizer Loss
Above workers ' heads , powerful fans circulated the air , fans that Nike officials said had been installed since Mr. O'Rourke 's visit .
Computer security experts said a new virus travels the Internet attached to an e-mail message that purports to be from the ''Microsoft Corporation Security Center . ''
The amounts exclude special charges related to Pfizer 's acquisition earlier this year of Warner-Lambert and other unexpected costs , including the company 's withdrawal of Rezulin , a diabetes drug that was taken off pharmacy shelves in March amid questions about its safety .
Caremark shareholders would receive $ 29.25 in cash and 0.426 share of Express Scripts stock for each share of Caremark under the offer .
Mr. Amelio made the announcement in a speech to the twice-yearly conference , which attracted 50,000 of Apple 's most dedicated customers ,
It also represents a market that Cisco has been eyeing for at least two years .
''The one thing Apple 's providing now is leadership in colors , '' Mr. Gates , the head of Microsoft , said at a conference for financial analysts at the time , News.com said .
Yahoo names Lloyd Braun , former chairman of ABC Entertainment , to head of entertainment and media content ( M )
Most I.B.M .
And the confusion is widespread , as high-profile cases involving Microsoft and Time Warner have shown .
Like many analysts , he expects Intel to announce many more layoffs in the second half of the year .
A.T. & T. , with annual revenue of $ 65 billion , has emerged in recent years as one of the most forceful opponents of the Baby Bells , which have combined revenues of more than $ 80 billion .
Correction of Oct 20 article on Coca-Cola Co 's settlement of antitrust case in Europe regarding market share of its rival
AT & T 's proposal and the other satellite plans have been filed as part of an F.C.C .
But in its reliance on cyberspace the enlarged Comcast , which will be the nation 's No .
After a break for lunch , Ms. Sullivan closed her argument by discussing several animal and clinical trials of Vioxx , which she said proved that Merck had not tried to hide the drug 's heart risks .
Verizon Communications , the nation 's largest phone company , said it would start selling high-speed Internet connections using fiber optic lines in three local areas as part of its nationwide introduction .
IN a marriage of Big Red and Big Blue , the extensive marketing records of the Coca-Cola Company -- from calendars created by Norman Rockwell to corporate memoranda to the famous commercial in which a chorus proclaims its desire to ''teach the world to sing '' -- have been digitized in an online archive with the help of I.B.M .
PPG Industries in Pittsburgh , maker of Olympic , Lucite and Pittsburgh stains and paints , said it had selected three agencies to handle its accounts , with combined billings estimated at $ 16 million .
A previous lawsuit by Jewish Holocaust survivors against I.B.M .
Bed Bath & Beyond , a competitor to Federated in the housewares market , had been trying to expand its bridal selection by selling Waterford crystal , Wedgwood china and other upscale products for the home .
So it hit me hard when Amazon.com recently announced a change in its privacy policy .
The company and Fuji Photo Film , its partner in Fuji Xerox , share in the joint venture 's profits , but neither dips into its cash .
Referring to Intel 's promise that it would announce results of the study by the end of September , Chuck Mulloy , a spokesman for Intel , said : ''We said that we intend to disclose the results of the structure and efficiency study during the quarter and we 're on track to do that . ''
Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay $ 76 in cash and stock for each share of Guidant , a company that was spun off from Eli Lilly in 1994 .
He lost a bitter power struggle to Deryck C. Maughan , a rival Citigroup banker and the former chief executive of Salomon Brothers , who had become a favorite of Mr. Weill 's .
Of particular significance to some analysts were Apple 's gross margins , which measure how much the company took in from sales versus how much it cost it to make products , including the cost of raw materials .
Directors could also decide to hasten Mr. McKinnell 's retirement , which is now scheduled to take place in February 2008 , when he will reach Pfizer 's mandatory retirement age of 65 , this person said .
They still have n't defined why the customer should shop there rather than Wal-Mart or Target .
Peter F Karches , former executive at Morgan Stanley , dies at age 54 ( M )
An article in Business Day yesterday about the government 's review of the pending merger between Time Warner and America Online referred to a proposed deal between Time Warner and the EMI Group .
Rob Baskin , a Coca-Cola spokesman , said the revised agreement came about because of ''regulatory resistance in certain countries within the European Union , and they would have resulted in unacceptable delays . ''
McCann-Erickson also gains Cherry Coke .
Prompted in part by employers who cite depression as a frequent cause of absenteeism and low productivity , the big insurer Aetna plans to announce today that it will begin paying for a depression management program in dozens of medical offices around the country .
Much has changed in the computer business since the government filed its sweeping antitrust suit against Microsoft in May 1998 .
Humana 's walking away from the deal has made investors only more suspicious of United Healthcare .
Should the federal agency not sue Allstate , the agents would then be free to file their own suit .
But because the drinking water could become contaminated if the plume is permitted to linger underground -- forcing a cleanup that could cost ratepayers up to $ 4 million -- the water district decided to sue the Exxon Mobil Corporation in State Supreme Court in Nassau in an effort to speed a cleanup , Mr. Granger said .
The clandestine transaction came after I.B.M .
needed an extended-stay hotel , both because of a growing number of companies doing business with I.B.M .
Analysts said he appeared to be paying the price for the problems with Apple 's stock options grants even through his degree of control over the program was unclear .
Kodak needs all the help it can get , said Eugene G. Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds .
Eastman Kodak Co says operating profits in fourth quarter rose by 21.5 percent , to $ 395 million , compared with year earlier quarter ; earnings report includes unexpected $ 256 million restructuring charge to consolidate jobs in Kodak 's many labs ; Kodak says its revenues in fourth quarter were up 5.4 percent , to $ 4.42 billion ( M )
Visa and MasterCard , which are associations whose member banks account for about 75 percent of purchase volume , ''have a great deal to answer for , '' Harvey Golub , the American Express chairman , contended , complaining , among other things , that their rules bar banks that issue either Visa or MasterCard from offering American Express cards as well .
Yet as the boxes of papers went out the door , Microsoft 's legal troubles mounted .
Boeing has signed contracts with three United States airlines -- American , Delta and Continental -- to act as their sole supplier of new jets for the next 20 years .
But critics note that a leading competitor , Costco , pays $ 16 an hour -- 65 percent more than the average wage at Wal-Mart stores and 33 percent more than the $ 12 average at its Sam 's Club stores .
AT & T also volunteered to give the Government advance notice of any pricing changes that would depart from the policy of `` interstate averaging , '' which is the practice of charging the same price for calls , regardless of what part of the country they are made from .
An antitrust ruling against Microsoft could slow it down , but will not stop its march in the Internet market .
Citigroup acquired the parent company in 2000 , and that division , one of the country 's biggest consumer finance companies , drew a firestorm of criticism from consumer advocates and regulators for its practices .
Stocks rise sharply in anticipation of strong fourth-quarter earnings from Intel Corp ; investors are hopeful that Intel 's results will be sign that Asian economic turmoil is not battering nation 's high-technology companies ; Nasdaq market , where Intel and many other technology companies trade , rises 34.05 points , or 2.26 percent , to 1,541.63 ; Dow Jones industrial average rises 84.95 , or 1.11 percent , to 7,732.13 , and Standard & Poor 's index of 500 stocks advances 12.91 , or 1.37 percent ; Intel reports fourth quarter revenues of $ 6.51 billion , up from $ 6.44 billion in fourth quarter of 1996 ; profits for quarter were $ 1.74 billion ; Intel shares rise 1 1/4 , to 76 7/8 ; Federal Trade Commission announces that at least for time being it will not try to block Intel 's $ 420 million purchase of Chips & Technologies Inc , a leading producer of graphics chips ; Advanced Micro Devices Inc reports fourth-quarter loss of $ 12.3 million on revenues of $ 613.2 million ; figures somewhat surpass Wall Street estimates ; graphs ; charts ( L )
Last April , Citicorp and Travelers Group agreed to merge to form Citigroup , promising that the creation of the world 's largest financial services concern would result in hefty profits from ''cross-selling '' distinct products like mortgages , credit cards , savings accounts , stocks , bonds , corporate loans and mergers and acquisitions advice .
But Intel , despite a deep round of cost-cutting announced Sept. 6 , is beginning to reverse its market-share decline based on the success of its first two generations of dual-core processors , analysts said .
Given the recession and the steep fall in technology buying , Apple held up reasonably well .
Study by Xerox Corp researchers Lada Adamic and Bernardo Huberman , based on large data sample of Internet traffic to two types of sites : universities and so-called adult entertainment , finds most popular sites tend to gain accelerating advantage over competitors ; findings seem to undermine arguments that World Wide Web will be democratizing force , allowing large number of market contestants to compete on level playing field ; photo ( M )
Another option could be to merge Morgan Stanley with a rival to help it recover its lost footing .
Judge Jenkins , who took nine months to issue the ruling , wrote , ''Plaintiffs present largely uncontested descriptive statistics which show that women working at Wal-Mart stores are paid less than men in every region , that pay disparities exist in most job categories , that the salary gap widens over time , that women take longer to enter management positions , and that the higher one looks in the organization the lower the percentage of women . ''
That is captive time that Ten Square and its financial backers -- British Petroleum and Chevron , among others -- see as an opportunity for pitching products .
Waste Management , meanwhile , spent much of yesterday exercising damage control .
The building at 685 Third Avenue currently has 700 employees , according to Beth Barton , Pfizer 's manager of construction services and of corporate human resources .
The plane , Boeing says , will offer greater fuel efficiency and passenger comfort .
Shippers say embargo announced by clogged Union Pacific Railroad on most freight through its primary gateway to Mexico will quickly disrupt trade and coordinated industrial production between two nations ; they say this is railroad 's campaign to repeal North American Free Trade Agreement ; Union Pacific , pointing to 5,500 railroad cars backed up into Kansas , about 1,000 miles to the North , says it has no choice but to stop most new southbound shipments through Laredo , Tex , gateway until it can roll thousands of those cars on into Mexico ( L )
''This is an industrywide event that could cause people with a 386 or older 486 to come back into the marketplace , '' he said , referring to earlier Intel chips .
If no settlement is reached in the next couple weeks the commission will send Coca-Cola a statement of objections , the spokesman , Tilman Lueder , said .
''And do you lose innovation in the software business because companies figure it 's crazy to compete with Microsoft ?
''While we have had a long and productive client-agency relationship '' with Ayer , said John G. Middlebrook , vice president and general manager for vehicle brand marketing and corporate advertising at General Motors in Detroit , ''we believe this consolidation with McCann will integrate our strategic and tactical efforts . ''
Already reeling from its worst economic crisis in 70 years , Colombia has had its credit rating bumped down two notches by Moody 's Investors Service , to a level below investment grade .
Mr. Condit said internal surveys of Boeing workers showed that employees ' feelings about the company were slightly better after the strike than before .
I Was a 60-Something Gap Girl
Boeing has said that it will proceed with development of the 767-400 ERX , a larger , longer-range version of its midsize jet , and with more variants of the 777 , a new wide-body that is sized between the 767 and the 747 .
The malicious program , known as the Nimda Worm , emerged on Tuesday , spreading to tens of thousands of computers and exploiting vulnerabilities in Microsoft software , according to the Computer Emergency Response Team .
In its request to intervene in the Cisco suit , 3Com asked the court to clarify that any new products that 3Com will ship from its joint venture with Huawei would not be subject to Cisco 's intellectual property claims .
But according to Lawrence Baxter , chief e-commerce officer at Wachovia , the company will probably follow the lead of Wells Fargo and Bank of America , which have far more online banking customers , in marketing its online banking services more heavily .
In New York , Aetna U.S. Healthcare eliminated drug coverage last year .
I.B.M .
Mr. Laurila said he was shocked that A.T. & T .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Applied Materials Cuts 2,000 Jobs
The option , to be included in the next release of Windows , will be similar to a feature on Microsoft 's Web browser that can be used to block access to some sites , said Kevin Bachus , a multimedia group product manager at Microsoft .
When a patch is available , he said , it will be posted on the Web at http : //officeupdate.microsoft.com/Articles /MDAC typ.htm .
Mr. Kuney , the states ' lawyer , characterized Microsoft 's position as ''monopoly is better '' and warned the judge not to be distracted by it .
Antitrust trial against Microsoft Corp centers on dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc over Sun 's programming language called Java ; two years ago , Microsoft signed license agreement with Sun to use Java technology , but as testimony and E-mail evidence has chronicled , there was always more antagonism than cooperation between two companies ( M )
The Old Navy sales were up 24 percent , Mr. Morris said , compared with the rise of only 1 percent posted at the core Gap stores .
The merger , said Bruce Chizen , Adobe 's chief executive , ''is all about growth . ''
The new annual fee for unlimited calling , while still nominal compared with other Internet calling plans , is part of a broader strategy by eBay to expand Skype 's product offerings and revenue .
Mr. Kumar said Aetna was still trying to undo parts of its major H.M.O .
A spokesman for Pfizer declined to comment .
Vornado , the giant real estate investment trust run by the shopping mall magnate Steven Roth , may have one major advantage over Blackstone regardless of price .
Mr. Raker said VeriSign received about two-thirds of its revenue , which he estimated would be $ 990 million next year , from its domain name business .
Mr. Mulligan insisted on holding in reserve one theory about Apple 's plans : ''Knowing Apple , they could be bringing out a major surprise we have not yet considered . ''
The quality of video is expected to be low -- about one frame a second -- which is far less than regular streaming video , but is enough to let users be more expressive in their chats , said Lisa Pollock , Yahoo 's messaging products director .
Frank Lowe settles legal dispute with Interpublic Group of Companies ; suit involved Lowe 's opening of London agency Red Brick Road , whose first account was retail giant Tesco ; Lowe is retired founder of Interpublic 's Lowe & Partners Worldwide ( S )
Last August , citing the 1913 law , several news organizations asked to be allowed to attend when Justice Department lawyers took a deposition from William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman .
As a result , Xerox took advantage of its bank loan , which was meant merely as backup financing for its short-term debt .
Kirk Kerkorian 's Tracinda Corp sells another big chunk of General Motors stock and may have dumped rest of its shares in late trade ; step would end 18-month saga that saw Kerkorian accumulate 56 million shares -- 9.9 percent of GM -- land associate on board , press company to speed its turnaround effort and unsuccessfully try to maneuver company into alliance with Renault and Nissan ; data from New York Stock Exchange show Bank of America bought 28 million GM shares at $ 29.95 each ; quantity matches number Kerkorian owned after selling 14 million shares earlier in day ; Kerkorian 's retreat means GM 's turnaround efforts now will rest solely on shoulders of chief executive Rick Wagoner and GM 's management team ( M )
''This has caught the world by surprise , '' said Waguih Ishak , director of Agilent 's communications and optical research laboratory .
issued a counterattack against SCO 's software business in its court filings , saying that SCO products infringed on at least four I.B.M .
Amgen said it was committed to the safety of its drugs and was conducting a clinical trial to study Aranesp in 4,000 kidney patients .
Microsoft , for its part , is mainly interested in extending the reach of its new Web search business , which it sees as the best way to counter the growing power of Google .
''The whole issue is what the Roundup and herbicide-tolerant franchise is worth , '' said Dr. Benbrook , who has been a critic of Monsanto .
Without the impact of the strong dollar during the last year , Oracle executives said the company 's revenue would have increased 22 percent .
''We have never been offered 'hush ' money , '' he said , ''nor have we ever been asked by News Corporation or anyone else for that matter , to remain silent in our condemnation of News Corporation and its affiliates . ''
The new product , to be known as AOL TV , will compete directly with Microsoft 's WebTV , which already has about 800,000 users .
Mr. Thornton 's operating style is a legacy of the 1990 's bull market when international expansion and global deals defined Goldman Sachs .
The price tag of $ 35 million , one-quarter of the cost of a Boeing 747 jumbo jet , raises questions about whether Bombardier , based in Montreal , will be able to find the 100 buyers it needs to break even .
Wal-Mart is down more than 25 percent .
That question is being contemplated as Clinique Laboratories Inc. -- the division of the Estee Lauder Companies known best for makeup and skin care lines -- is making its boldest , riskiest move into the intensely competitive market for high-priced scents .
By the end of this year , Verizon hopes to offer its 3G services in areas that include about half of the country 's population .
To the outside world , Apple 's charismatic co-founder , Steven P. Jobs , gets much of the public credit for what is certainly one of the most remarkable turnarounds in American corporate history .
Dow Corning 's offer was part of a $ 3.7 billion plan the company had drawn up in an effort to resolve its bankruptcy case .
The News Corporation 's Fox subsidiary acquired the team and Dodger Stadium in 1997 for $ 311 million from the O'Malley family , which moved the team from Brooklyn in 1957 .
As a result , if the Delaware court follows the British precedent , Pfizer could face competition on Lipitor in the United States a year earlier than it had expected .
Campaign for Swanson Broth , marketed by Campbell Soup Co , takes top honors at Advertising Research Foundation 's annual David Ogilvy Award ceremony for excellence in research ( S )
Faced with such resistance , Mr. Harbison said Monsanto began subtly shifting its attention from the lucrative European market to Asia and Africa .
That is consistent with our strategy of providing high-quality news , information and interaction . ''
''Chevron has a good view on natural gas , '' and has been seeking to build up that part of its business , he added .
Euro RSCG DSW , once known as Dahlin Smith White , will continue to handle Intel interactive and business-to-business advertising .
Mr. Jager had tried to broaden Procter by purchasing the American Home Products Company and Warner-Lambert .
''Microsoft repeatedly said we would suffer in terms of prices , terms , conditions and support programs , as long as we were offering competing products , '' said the executive , Garry Norris , a manager in I.B.M .
While America Online predicted that its profit was now starting to grow rapidly , Amazon warned investors that its losses would increase for the foreseeable future .
Referring to Nathan Myhrvold , Microsoft 's vice president for research , he said that ''a year ago , Nathan said the network computer was the dorkiest idea since the stand-alone word processor . ''
Mike Luftman , a spokesman for Time Warner Cable , said in an interview that it considered public relations a sidelight , marginally relevant to the main objective of concluding its deal with Disney .
Searchers recover one of 'black boxes , ' cockpit voice recorder , from Alaska Airlines jet that crashed , and say they have heard electronic pinging from other ; Coast Guard ends its search for survivors ; National Transportation Safety Board is looking into report of trouble on flight on same type of plane as one that crashed ; map ; photo ( M )
The commission is expected to order Microsoft to propose what computer code information should be disclosed to allow rivals ' software to work with Windows .
's interests , Mr. Wilson replied , ''I can not conceive of one because for years I thought that what was good for our country was good for General Motors , and vice versa . ''
Three-judge panel of Federal appeals court rules Wall Street banks , accused of manipulating prices of initial public offerings of technology companies during market boom of late 1990s and cheating small investors out of hundreds of millions of dollars , will not have to face huge securities class-action lawsuit ; decision is seen on Wall Street as huge victory ; ruling also raises prospects that earlier settlements in case , particular $ 425 million agreement with J P Morgan Chase and $ 1 billion guaranteed proposed deal with issuers of new shares that is still pending approval by Judge Shira A Scheindlin , could be nullified ; lawsuit involved more than 300 individual investors , 309 issuers and 55 underwriters , including Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse First Boston ; ruling is devastating blow to embattled securities class-action powerhouse Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman , which is co-leader for plaintiffs ; firm 's co-founder Melvyn I Weiss says case is not over ; ruling is decided by Judges Jon O Newman , Sonia Sotomayor and Peter W Hall ( M )
All this allows Pfizer to ride out the challenges buffeting the industry better than any other drug maker .
Executives also said they did not see any immediate increase in profit on the horizon even as Microsoft prepared for its largest release of new products in more than five years .
Novell was left for dead years ago , another casualty of Microsoft 's hegemony over computer operating systems .
Just last week , Electronic Arts , the world 's No .
Such bets have given Chevron a reputation for aggressive innovation .
said , because it has only until 2008 to install new computers before I.B.M .
PepsiCo 's chairman and chief executive , Steven S. Reinemund , said the moves were intended to help PepsiCo 's many divisions ''act as one company '' and to capitalize on the momentum the company had built around new products like Pepsi Vanilla .
Why do Windows users have to stare at the self-promoting icon for MSN -- Microsoft Network , the company 's on-line service -- which , until recently , has used some of the most awkwardly designed software ever created for an on-line service ?
ONE afternoon in early April , Timothy J. McClimon , director of the AT & T Cultural Foundation , gave out invitations -- over the telephone , naturally -- to 68 of the country 's better-known theater companies .
Because of the higher fees , for accountants and lawyers , Interpublic executives warned during an hour-long conference call that they might not reach their goal of raising operating margins to match those of rivals like the Omnicom Group , the largest agency company , and the WPP Group , which is No.2 .
''But Exxon and Mobil have a strategy of driving out competition by reducing prices . ''
General Motors , Ford and DaimlerChrysler employ less than half as many hourly unionized workers now as they did in the late 1970 's .
At the end of July , Corning discussed acquiring the fiber optics business of Nortel Networks in a deal that could have been worth more than $ 100 billion .
But Motorola was unable to ship all the phones it could have sold , leaving it to the company 's other businesses to produce the increases in profits and sales from a year earlier .
Federal court jury orders Vonage Holdings Corp to pay $ 58 million for infringing Verizon 's patents , dealing blow to company already showing signs of stress ; rules Vonage violated three Verizon patents covering some of technology that allows low-cost voice calls to be made over Internet ; amount of $ 58 million is substantially less than $ 197 million that Verizon requested , and is even less than what Vonage suggested would be fair if it was found liable ; Vonage to appeal ( M )
Mr. Farber argued that software was ''infinitely malleable '' and that Microsoft had designed its Windows 98 operating system so that consumers could not remove Explorer .
The deal is a victory for marketers at Bayer and GlaxoSmithKline , who must convince men that Levitra ( pronounced luh-VEE-tra ) is better than Viagra , the diamond-shaped blue pill introduced in 1998 by Pfizer that has changed how the world views impotence .
Last month , AT & T announced that it would revamp the computer unit and dismiss 8,500 employees .
Executives would not discuss how the Web site would make money or deal with intellectual property issues , but the company said it had already signed agreements that would allow it to offer various technology products for sale on the site .
One aspect of this is to build services for graphical and video advertisements of interest to brand marketers , the strongest area of Yahoo 's business .
Philips Electronics ' 150X flat-panel monitor is priced at $ 899 , $ 100 less than Apple 's comparable screen ; photo ( S )
services like leasing from the IBM Credit Corporation .
''We believe the court is sending an unmistakably clear and far-reaching message to Intel that there 's no place for coercive , monopolistic conduct in the computer industry , '' Jim Meadlock , Intergraph 's chief executive , said in a statement .
EBay , I discovered , is nirvana for the late adopter .
Without the merger , PeopleSoft is the third-largest company , behind the business software unit of the Oracle Corporation .
Microsoft has negotiated the rights to rent or sell more than 1,000 hours of material from CBS , MTV Networks , Paramount , Warner Brothers and Turner Broadcasting , along with the martial arts show ''Ultimate Fighting Championship . ''
Because of the participation of Goldman Sachs , the deal has a complex structure to circumvent Canadian laws that ban foreign control of television channels and movie distribution companies , another unit of Alliance Atlantis .
CNBC also denied that Ms. Bartiromo had involvement with Citigroup more so than other businesses .
The entire health care industry has been struggling with rising medical costs , but analysts said Aetna seemed to be managing worse than its competitors .
Drew Prairie , a spokesman for Advanced Micro , accused Intel of ratcheting up clock speed without sharply improving the performance of the system .
Pfizer Inc awards assignment to create campaigns aimed at consumers for Relpax , anti-migraine drug awaiting approval from Food and Drug Administration , to D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Communications ; billings estimated at $ 40 million ( S )
Previously , Apple rejected RealNetworks ' overtures to license Apple technology to make RealPlayer 's music playable on the iPod .
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial/First Call had been looking for Motorola to earn a penny a share and end a string of three consecutive money-losing quarters .
Some farmers are concerned that Whole Food supermarket opening on Union Square opposite Greenmarket will draw their customers ; others are confident that quality and freshness of what they sell will be superior to anything Whole Foods can offer , and may even increase their business ( M )
Whirlpool Gives Publicis More Work
While Acxiom would not comment on the Nordstrom mailing , Allison Marr , an Acxiom product manager , acknowledged that the company does not verify the e-mail addresses in its database , most of which are bought from other companies that have collected the information from customers .
The EMI deal is seen by some as closely related to the $ 165 billion merger proposed between America Online and Time Warner .
In January , Intel had said it expected first-quarter sales to match the $ 6.5 billion posted for the fourth quarter of 1997 .
Besides those incentives , some government officials say , Everett would seem the natural choice for building the 7E7 because Boeing 's plant here already has the infrastructure .
''Unocal wanted to see Chevron make an effort with its bid , '' said Jeb Armstrong , an oil analyst at Argus Research , who advises investors to buy Chevron shares and recommends a hold on Unocal stock .
In a conference call with analysts yesterday , the chairman and chief executive , Jeffrey P. Bezos , said that Amazon needed to spend heavily on new projects and promotional shipping programs .
Last year , Nike earned $ 553.2 million , or $ 3.77 a share , on sales of $ 6.5 billion .
It was a forum for plant managers , engineers and other operations people to exchange ideas , use Honeywell software to simulate their processes , buy Honeywell products and even view banner ads from other manufacturers .
I.B.M .
Coca-Cola Co chief executive E Neville Isdell names Charles B Fruit chief marketing officer , succeeding Daniel P Palumbo , who is leaving Coke ; Fruit comments , interview ( M )
But he said time was running short and the strongest evidence in hand involved Microsoft 's battle against the Netscape Communications Corporation in the market for the so-called browser software used for navigating the Internet .
Pfizer should also benefit from word-of-mouth referrals , swapped everywhere from board rooms to locker rooms .
Five months after pledging to invest $ 2 billion in ImClone Systems and its new cancer drug , Bristol-Myers Squibb said yesterday that it wanted to ''fundamentally restructure '' its relationship with the company , including changing its top management .
''We believe our offer is well above market , '' said Charles Bickers , a Boeing spokesman .
According to Mr. Charness of Hasbro , the company initially came to Creative Artists for help in connecting its games and toys with a wide range of promotions .
Mr. Wolfowitz 's letter , written Friday and widely circulated in Washington yesterday , sets up a possible competition between Boeing and Airbus for a deal that Boeing once appeared to have secured .
Citigroup stood to lose more than $ 1 billion that it had lent to Enron if its credit rating was downgraded and the company subsequently collapsed .
On Thursday , the Chinese government announced that three top United States firms -- Goldman , Sachs ; J. P. Morgan Chase ; and Morgan Stanley -- would handle its first overseas bond deal since late 1998 .
When Howard Stern was preparing to take his talk show to Sirius Satellite Radio , following his former boss , Mel Karmazin , Mr. Hollander argued that the show should be immediately taken off CBS , according to a person knowledgeable about the situation .
Even consumers who have nothing to do with Aetna or Prucare may find themselves affected simply because doctors may raise prices on fee-for-service procedures to shift some of the pain from possible lower reimbursements from Aetna .
Carnival had no comment on whether it made an offer for Princess , but The Daily Mail in London said that Carnival had offered $ 11 billion for the cruise line , which has a 15.5 percent market share with nine ships and seven on order .
He has already assigned 250 of his people to paper mills or other International Paper departments , to see firsthand how their processes work and what kind of help they need in getting data to their customers .
Wal-Mart 's shares fell 87.5 cents , to $ 58 , largely on concerns that the retailer would be hard pressed to exceed this year 's blistering growth .
Moody 's Investors Service raises Mexico 's credit rating to investment grade for first time ; announcement is powerful vindication of Pres Ernesto Zedillo 's efforts to convince investors that Mexico will make it through national elections this year without kind of economic disaster that has marred every presidential turnover for last two decades ( M )
Intel 's strong results defied some predictions that the company would fall short again because of an inability to deliver chips in adequate numbers .
Indeed , several large Waste Management shareholders who had been sharply critical of the company 's management echoed this view in hailing Mr. LeMay 's appointment .
By this winter , none of the four top executives at AT & T will have been at the company for more than two years .
''If they are looking for a blockbuster in terms of new data from the past or how Merck analyzed it , they are going to be disappointed , '' Theodore V.H .
I.B.M .
For Microsoft , the main negotiator has been Charles F. Rule of Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson , a former assistant attorney general in charge of antitrust during the Reagan administration , where he got to know a young colleague working on antitrust issues at the Federal Trade Commission named Charles A. James .
You might say that Mr. Cranz embodies exactly the , er , quirkiness you would expect in a guy who has been selling Apples since 1976 , practically since the days when Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak , Apple 's founders , used a garage for office space .
These people also say that at a minimum , the News Corporation would not oppose the move .
Marine merchants and other companies related to shipping have been largely replaced by foreign banks and big tenants like Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
Heidi G Miller , one of most powerful women in corporate America , is resigning as Citigroup chief financial officer to join Priceline.com , where she will oversee finance and strategy ; succeeds Paul E Francis , who is moving over to two affiliated companies ( M )
AT & T workers , among others , were stunned last week when Mr. Allen and a small cadre of top executives announced their plan to split the world 's biggest telephone company into three independent entities -- a communications service company that will include the long-distance , cellular telephone and advanced networking services ; an equipment manufacturing company , and a computer company .
The deal comes at an opportune time for Intel as well .
PC , though , I ordered it with the least expensive of the three operating systems available : PC DOS 1.1 , which I.B.M .
Still , shares of Yahoo , which is based in Sunnyvale , Calif. , rose 77 cents in regular-session trading yesterday , to $ 10.93 , and as high as $ 11.75 after the earnings report .
Goldman Sachs co-president John L Thornton announces his retirement to become professor at Qinghua University in China ; will continue to serve as adviser to chief executive Henry M Paulson Jr and Goldman clients on issues related to China after resignation , which takes effect July 1 ; photos ( M )
Some former Medtronic employees , however , have accused the company of paying surgeons kickbacks .
''If they 're successful , the Web will change as we know it , '' said Frank Schott , general manager of Microsoft Sidewalk , which is continuing to link to Ticketmaster over its objections .
''It is far easier to envision where the line should be drawn for the breakup when the defendant was created through a series of mergers than a company like Microsoft .
Microsoft said it would not comment on the lawsuit until it had time to review the court filing .
In after-hours trading , Apple shares -- after rising $ 1.14 to $ 25.10 during the day -- fell to $ 22.75 .
In addition , Express Scripts has records of other drugs that a patient has bought .
felt was too strong a move by Intel , '' one person close to the case said .
Intel Corp reports third-quarter earnings that sharply miss Wall Street expectations ; sees no sign of economic recovery ; sales were $ 6.5 billion , 3 percent higher than company had during its second quarter ; chief financial officer Andy Bryant ; photo ( M )
Nor does Wal-Mart abound in knowledgeable sales help or even many mirrors to see how things might look .
Their expectations are being tested by the latest stream of film-based games , including Shrek 2 and Spider-Man 2 ( both from Activision ) , along with Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and The Lord of the Rings : The Third Age from Electronic Arts .
Verizon Communications announces plans to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and date services in Virginia , Delaware , Maryland , Massachusetts , New York and Pennsylvania ; company expects to make available its fiber-optic service to at least one million homes by end of year , and two million more homes next year lans to hire as many as 5,000 new workers by end of 2005 ( M )
After straying from its casual roots , and alienating loyal customers along the way , Gap is trying to reclaim the four clothing areas it once dominated : denim , T-shirts , hooded sweaters and basic pants .
Researchers report that Fosamax , drug most commonly used by women with osteoporsis to improve bone density and prevent fractures , can be taken safely and effectively for 10 years ; there has been some concern about long-term use of Fosamax because animal studies suggested that high doses might actually weaken bone , cause brittleness or delay healing of fractures ; study was paid for by Merck , which makes Fosamax , and two Merck scientists are among co-authors ; other researchers caution that study leaves important questions unanswered , such as whether patients need to take drug for 10 years and when they should start ( M )
But Richard Shannon of Epoch Partners , an investment bank in San Francisco , said some of Cisco 's competitors , like Juniper Networks , were more focused and might be able to escape Cisco 's problems .
Kodak will be honored in the category of brands achieving ''enduring success '' in the marketplace for more than 25 years .
The Eastman Kodak Company is in talks to acquire Creo Inc. , a Canadian printing technology company , for about $ 1 billion , executives close to the negotiations said over the weekend .
''It does n't take an intricate deconstruction of what Steve Case and Gerald Levin said , '' Mr. Bagdikian said , referring to Monday 's announcement by the chairmen of AOL and Time Warner .
But of the seven cases that have reached juries since then , Merck has won five .
For Boeing , the danger is that the Druyun-Air Force scandal will cost it more Pentagon business and further damage to its reputation , just as it did with the rocket launchings .
Last week , he yielded the chief executive 's office at Citigroup 's headquarters on Park Avenue to a loyal associate , Charles O .
The settlement process began with a call late Thursday from PeopleSoft to Oracle ''expressing interest '' in a deal for $ 26.50 a share , up from Oracle 's last offer of $ 24 , Mr. Carroll said after the hearing .
Facing their worst financial outlook in years , executives at General Motors said yesterday that they wanted union workers to accept the same health benefit cuts already taken by white-collar workers .
The Blue Shield program includes a number of measures for hospitals being pushed by the Leapfrog Group , a collection of large employers including General Motors , General Electric and Boeing that banded together in 1999 to promote higher-quality care .
The IDC study was paid for by Microsoft , but the research firm said it used its own methodology .
Rival Says Oracle-PeopleSoft Deal Raises Antitrust Concerns
Internal documents from late 1995 , when it decided to give away the browser , he said , indicated ''it was Microsoft 's explicit purpose to cut off Netscape 's air supply . ''
Airbus views the A350 -- which it began marketing in 2004 as a competitor to Boeing 's popular 787 Dreamliner -- as the linchpin of its recovery .
ChevronTexaco denies any wrongdoing and maintains that its practice was consistent with the practices of Ecuador 's national oil company , Petro Ecuador , as well as internationally recognized standards .
Boston Scientific said it would work closely with the F.D.A .
Speaking a few days ago , Morgan Stanley 's chief economist , Stephen Roach , told an audience in Beijing that his firm had withdrawn a forecast that had lowered growth to 6.5 percent for 2003 .
Both American Express and MBNA target high net-worth customers , Moshe Orenbuch , an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston , said in a report earlier this year .
The business venture by VeriSign , which is based in Mountain View , Calif. , and has major operations here , has raised hackles among longtime denizens of the Internet , with some of them now demanding that VeriSign be stripped of its franchise .
Last year , Verizon 's directories business generated $ 3.4 billion in revenue and $ 1.03 billion in profits .
The two Japanese trading houses are buying Boeing 's most advanced B737-800 model. $ )
News reports yesterday noted that Pfizer said in a Nov. 5 regulatory filing that the Food and Drug Administration had rejected an application to use Bextra to treat migraines .
WITH the facts in , here is the Microsoft debate :
Earl Tupper was just starting to turn DuPont 's polyethylene into unbreakable kitchen tumblers for housewives .
In fact , the News Corporation reaped more cash flow from its local broadcast group in the last quarter than from any of its other myriad far-flung divisions .
Motorola , based in Schaumburg , Ill. , has lost its lead in cellular phones , its biggest business , to Nokia of Finland and must also contend with increasingly sophisticated competition from Samsung , LG and other Asian manufacturers .
And she said that although Corel is dwarfed by Microsoft , it has also been ''a bit of a comeback kid '' in the Windows world .
On Tuesday , a group of employees and managers from Wal-Mart 's Canadian subsidiary will hold an unusual meeting , at least by the standards of the company .
Citigroup said revenue rose 15 percent , to $ 22.3 billion in the quarter .
Micron Technology plans to capitalize on its position as the memory chip industry 's low-cost producer .
The independent creative agency 180 , based in Amsterdam , has agreed to sell a majority stake to a persistent suitor , the Omnicom Group , which owns agencies that collaborate with 180 on campaigns for Adidas , Motorola and Sony Electronics .
Editorial questions State Farm Insurance decision to lower rates on some sport utility models ; notes that Allstate and Progressive have made opposite decision
With U-verse , AT & T can assemble a package of television , broadband and phone services to match the bundle sold by cable companies .
Motorola 's shares , which were not available for after-hours trading , hit a 52-week high of $ 83 yesterday before closing at $ 82.50 , up $ 2.125 , on the Big Board .
It may indicate some success in Cisco 's strategy of re-establishing ties with those companies after a fallout with some service providers during the dot-com boom .
Intel said earnings per share were 14 cents for the quarter , double the 7 cents per share in the second quarter of 2002 .
The Lockheed Martin Corporation , the nation 's largest military contractor , has said it may consider working with Airbus on a tanker bid .
According to the Alliance for Downtown New York , which keeps track of movements from Midtown to downtown , close to 50 companies and organizations have made the southward trek in the last two years , leasing a combined 1.3 million square feet of office space -- a substantial total , though considerably less than the migration in the other direction .
''We 've only managed to sell the Chinese a few off-highway trucks , '' a Caterpillar official said .
filing , FirstEnergy said that ''the potential penalties that may be imposed , as well as the capital expenditures necessary to comply with the substantial remedial measures that may be required , may have a material adverse impact on the company 's financial condition and results of operations . ''
Microsoft executives attributed the strong quarterly results to sales of software that runs big data-serving computers in corporate networks and other products beyond its traditional mainstay of operating system software for desktop computers .
In a sign of how eager Wal-Mart is to develop ties to bloggers , the company has invited them to a media conference to be held at its headquarters in April .
Public Lives column notes that rock singer Bo Diddley is suing Nike for selling T-shirts bearing his picture without his permission ; also comments on child-custody trial of Patricia Duff and Ronald O Perelman ; photos ( M )
''If there is litigation pending , and it revolves around intellectual property , the prudent thing to do is to withhold our intellectual property from the plaintiff , '' he said .
In demonstrating Tiger 's search and other features , including enhanced videoconferencing , Mr. Jobs repeatedly took jabs at Microsoft to the delight of the Macintosh developer audience .
The often-dichotomous nature of his views reflects the dual roles Morgan Stanley permits Mr. Roach to play .
Given Mr. Welch 's own experience in taking over General Electric from Reginald Jones , and his own appreciation for the way his predecessor very clearly moved aside , many think that Mr. Welch will not prove much of a distraction .
Procter & Gamble Co acquires Iams Corp , premium pet food maker , for $ 2.3 billion ; deal moves Procter & Gamble into market-leading position in high end of $ 25 billion pet food market ; P & G president-chief executive Durk I Jager and Iams chairman-owner Clay Mathile comment ( M )
THE SECOND BREAKUP OF AT & T : THE EMPLOYEES
Companies go to unusual lengths to promote their toilet paper brands ; Procter & Gamble has bringing special deluxe restrooms to state fairs to promote its Charmin brand ; Georgia-Pacific is weaving its Quilted Northern bathroom tissue into regular programming of The View television program ; plans $ 10 million campaign for its Angel Soft brand ; photo ( M )
A long , tumultuous summer at Citigroup shows no signs of letting up .
Microsoft reported quarterly sales and profits that surpassed Wall Street 's expectations yesterday , suggesting that early sales of its new Windows Vista operating system were off to a solid start .
approvals , which could come in 1996 , Biogen is strengthening its management .
With the announcement , Intuit , based in Mountain View , Calif. , would join a long list of electronic marketplaces that have appeared lately , although most of those have been within specific industries , including automotive and utilities .
By making huge advertising buys on CNBC , Citigroup obtained access to its biggest star .
American International Group reports nearly 27 percent increase in net income for third quarter ; net income rose to $ 2.34 billion from $ 1.84 billion yer earlier ; cash flow was record $ 3.58 billion from $ 2.5 billion year ago ; chief executive Maurice R Greenberg says company has struck deal with People 's Insurance Co of China to sell AIG 's accident and health insurance throughout country ; says he doubts legislation to establish fund intended to end most litigation over health damages caused by asbestos will be adopted this year , partly because of union demands that insurers increase their proposed contribution ; notes rating agency A M Best raised ranking of AIG 's American units to its highest level and says that can only help sales ; photo ( M )
''Our approach is to develop long-term relationships with other companies that offer a unique advantage to the General Motors group of brands and businesses , '' said John F. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive of G.M. , who was speaking at the Automotive News World Congress here .
While Office Depot and Staples had planned a full agency review for advertising after the merger , the new company would probably have stayed with Staples ' current agency , Cordiant P.L.C .
''This is unprecedented , but we realized we need to work together for the common good , '' said David Fester , a group product manager in Microsoft 's Internet business .
Georges Nahon , the head of Microsoft 's Paris-based European Internet and telecommunications activities , said Microsoft focused on cable TV because of regulatory restrictions on the use of phone lines for Internet service .
The Center for Science in the Public Interest , the Boston-based group Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood and two parents served notice that they intended to sue Viacom , the maker of the popular children 's TV show ''SpongeBob SquarePants , '' and the Kellogg Company , a big marketer of food to children , which features the lovable SpongeBob on packages of cereal , Pop Tarts and cookies .
Procter 's decision to keep Kaplan Thaler was somewhat surprising because Procter usually assigns its own agencies after acquiring brands rather than keeping agencies it inherits .
The restatement reflects Waste Management 's more conservative approach to valuing its landfills , trucks , contracts and other assets and operations .
The stock 's performance was also helped by the news on Monday that Time Warner had completed a long-anticipated joint venture with the AT & T Corporation to sell local telephone service over Time Warner 's cable television lines .
Xerox will also describe its ability to fashion them into an electronic circuit using an inkjet printer in normal atmospheric conditions , according to Beng Ong , a fellow at Xerox 's Canadian research center .
American Express said it would ensure that its corporate clients were able to book the best available rates at thousands of hotels , without restrictions associated with the Web-only booking sites .
The decision was issued today by United States District Judge Harold H. Greene , who oversaw the Bell System 's breakup in 1984 and continues to enforce the antitrust agreement governing the American Telephone and Telegraph Company and the seven regional Bell companies spun off from A.T. & T .
Mr. Romm said that because of Coca-Cola 's moves to diminish the emphasis on bottling , the company 's source of earnings had shifted more toward sales of soft-drink concentrate , which has higher profit margins .
Goodyear 's stock has dropped , too .
As a result , Mr. Perelman had to prove only that he relied on Morgan Stanley 's advice , a much easier legal hurdle to clear .
A Verizon spokesman declined to comment last night .
Xerox has also fine-tuned its forecasting and order-processing operations .
That brings the total nominal value of the settlement to as much as $ 513 million , though its true cost to Marriott International and Host Marriott is much less .
In a case involving John Nettle , a 45-year-old former vice president at General Mills , a letter prepared by U.S. Foodservice 's auditor stated that General Mills owed the company $ 13.44 million at the end of 2001 .
Exxon Mobil will probably not be able to contest the lost license successfully in a Russian court , he added .
Another tack would require Microsoft to offer versions of the Windows operating system both with new applications that the company develops over time , and without them .
Microsoft lost its 10th board member in September , when William G. Reed , the former chairman of the Safeco Corporation , stepped down .
Soon after the Interpublic news release went out , he sent a memo to ''everyone at the new Draft FCB , '' directing them to a microsite on the Draft Web site ( extranet.draftworldwide.com/public/announcement/internal/index.html ) .
Carrying case for Apple 's iMac computer is available from company called Grabpac ; Microsoft has also developed special edition of its Word program for iBook and iMac users ; photo ( S )
Jump onto Amazon.com 's video store and call up ''Hanna 's War '' ( 1988 ) , based on the diaries of Hanna Senesh ( Maruschka Detmers ) , a young Hungarian Jew executed by the Nazis , or ''The Big Knife , '' Robert Aldrich 's acclaimed 1955 potboiler about a Hollywood superstar ( Jack Palance ) who defies a studio boss ( Rod Steiger ) .
Not only did Citigroup exceed the expectation of Wall Street analysts with earnings that rose 5 percent on record revenue , but it said it would increase its dividend 75 percent .
''We have come to Brussels not only to discuss the issues but to work things out , '' Microsoft 's general counsel , Brad Smith , said Thursday .
''Once we achieved that , it does n't matter if you call Microsoft because you have a problem with Office or you call a friend '' because all calling will be done in the same way .
Verizon Communications yesterday introduced faster digital subscriber line or D.S.L .
FedEx projected its earnings for the quarter ending May 31 , its fourth , would fall to 50 to 60 cents a share , compared with 85 cents a share in the quarter a year earlier .
In switching to the accounting policy of treating options as expenses , Microsoft had a choice among three ways to move to this new treatment .
And those developing competing software often find themselves a half step behind because Microsoft has the advantage of being able to create the next generation of its operating system while developing the applications that will run on it , incorporating new Windows features before competitors know about them -- or at least before they fully appreciate their nuances and full potential .
Microsoft plans to begin shipping the new version of its operating system , Windows 98 , to PC makers on May 15 with the official introduction scheduled for June 25 .
I.B.M .
Growth in Wireless Unit Lifts Verizon 's Profit
A worthy goal , but one that should be pursued selectively , according to Nicholas Negroponte , a professor of media technology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a director of Motorola .
documents obtained through Freedom of Information requests showed that it began questioning Merck 's method of accounting for Medco 's revenue as long as three years ago .
Mr. Fisher asserts that Microsoft commits predatory pricing by giving away its Internet Explorer browser .
Currently Microsoft uses its licensing terms to bar consumers from running XP Embedded on personal computers .
''Many of the lost customers from BN.com evidently do not just go buy the book from Amazon.com . ''
Raising fears of a deepening economic slowdown in the United States , the Silicon Valley bellwether Cisco Systems Inc. fell short of Wall Street 's already lowered expectations today , reporting revenue of $ 6.75 billion for the second quarter of its 2001 fiscal year .
Timothy D. Cook , Apple 's executive vice president for worldwide sales and operations , told analysts that the company was anticipating a shortage of MacBook Pro computers in the second quarter .
He laid out four areas where Microsoft would invest .
Mattel Inc reports 42 percent drop in third-quarter earnings caused by huge loss at Learning Co that it spent $ 3.8 billion to acquire only five months ago ; profits plummeted to $ 135.2 million from $ 233.8 million a year ago ; revenue declined 3 percent , to $ 1.83 billion from $ 1.88 billion ; for first nine months of year , Mattel lost $ 63.9 million compared with earnings of $ 111.3 million in period a year earlier ; revenues were essentially flat at $ 3.74 billion compared to $ 3.80 billion ( M )
Nike 's contractors said they had been prodded to improve conditions by the storm of criticism in the United States .
is seeking any evidence of practices that would restrain a PC maker from using chips that compete with Intel 's .
Motorola 's shares , which reached a peak of more than $ 60 in March , were down 94 cents today , to $ 17.88 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The move is seen as a victory for Novell in its effort to halt the advances of the Microsoft Corporation 's Windows NT , an operating system that incorporates office networking technologies , a market that Novell once dominated .
Looking ahead to the second quarter , Intel expects revenue of $ 8.2 billion to $ 8.8 billion , below analysts ' forecast for revenue of $ 8.86 billion .
Bucking the Tide , eBay Expands in Silicon Valley
Repairs can be arranged by calling ( 866 ) 640-7139 or through www.repair.whirlpool.com , the company 's Web site .
Besides offering wireless and landline service in 22 states , AT & T is beginning to introduce an Internet-based television service that it hopes will help it become a major force in television advertising sales .
The catch is that to get the iPAQ IA-1 for $ 199 requires a three-year commitment to Microsoft 's MSN Internet service , which is $ 21.95 a month , raising the total cost of the Internet in a Box to nearly $ 1,000 .
But with the focus now turning to a cool assessment of the testimony , evidence and law , Microsoft 's legal team insists that the advantage is shifting to their side .
Aetna has already begun unloading unprofitable H.M.O .
On a strict market-value basis AOL actually overpaid for Time Warner -- that is , its share of the merged company is less than its share of the pre-deal stock valuations .
In talks leading up to the merger , Procter and Gillette executives say they have also identified more strategic advantages than merely the greater size , buying power and efficiencies from combining two similar enterprises .
Companies like I.B.M. , E.D.S. , Sun Microsystems , Oracle and others are pursuing the same ''enterprise '' market of helping corporations with long-term programs for utilizing Internet technology to work more closely with suppliers and customers .
About two-thirds of business travelers who rent cars say they expect to get lost while driving in certain cities , according to a survey commissioned by Avis Rent a Car and Motorola , which makes software for Avis Assist , a navigation system that provides driving directions on cellphones .
Schlumberger Ltd. , the American energy services company that has begun branching out into technology , is negotiating to buy Sema , a European information technology company , in a deal valued around £3.5 billion , or a little more than $ 5 billion , people involved in the talks said today .
But while the buyers of Ama zon.com have the general trend right , whether Amazon.com is actually worth $ 148 a share before it 's ever made a dime of profit depends on how you see the future .
''I 'm not sure that a company that has had as much trouble securing its users from malware as Microsoft should be going it alone , '' he said .
Dan Wetzel , co-author of ''Sole Influence : Basketball , Corporate Greed , and the Corruption of America 's Youth , '' a book published in 2000 that details the battles of sneaker companies over basketball players , said he believed Nike was the leader to sign Mayo .
Like SBC , Verizon and other carriers , BellSouth hopes the exclusive content available on its co-branded portal with Yahoo will attract new D.S.L .
By focusing on publishers and advertisers , Yahoo is courting groups that are essential to its success on the mobile Internet .
Nike is relying instead on water-based chemicals because they are considerably less dangerous when they evaporate , although Mr. O'Rourke called for studying the health effects of these chemicals .
If Microsoft does not alter its business practices , a team led by Mario Monti , the competition commissioner , will decide how large a fine to issue against the company .
The Boeing Company said yesterday that it would hire as many as 5,000 new employees to meet growing demand for its commercial aircraft .
Mr. Drury was familiar with the company from his long years at Browning-Ferris Industries , a Houston-based company that has been Waste Management 's main rival for most of its existence .
The E-mail message , written by James Clark , the chairman and co-founder of Netscape , was submitted in court today by Microsoft as part of its defense in the sweeping antitrust suit filed by the Justice Department and 20 states .
The two sides are negotiating arrangements for sharing the code , with sufficient confidentiality terms , to assure Microsoft that competitors will not gain access to its proprietary technology .
But now , Amgen 's money machine is coming under attack .
Exxon Mobil also was expected to lead a smaller Red Sea project , estimated at about $ 5 billion , and Shell was expected to lead a $ 5 billion project in the Shaybah in the southeastern part of the country .
Standard & Poor 's kept its outlook at negative for the Interpublic long-term credit rating , which is BB- .
That follows a $ 463 million loss in 2000 , and it is much greater than General Motors executives had originally hoped .
But analysts said there were clear points of strength for Yahoo in the period .
Last month , Vornado Realty Trust , which had offered $ 3.25 billion for a 99-year lease , failed to sign a contract after a 20-day negotiating period .
Coca-Cola Co 's success in signing joint venture accord with Oswaldo Cisneros , whose family has run Pepsi 's bottling operation in Venezuela for five decades , is blow to Pepsico Inc and its global expansion plans ; deal comes despite Cisneros 's close ties with Pepsico chief executive Roger A Enrico ; Coke won by courting Cisneros aggressively , making bigger financial bet than Pepsi apparently would make and by sending president M Douglas Ivester to Venezuela for talks ; map ; photos ( M )
A look at the magazine 's rate card suggests that a retailer like Target , which has advertised steadily in The New Yorker since 2003 , would pay a bit under $ 1.1 million for the ads .
''Software is like the tax code , '' said Jean-Louis Gassée , a venture capitalist and a former Apple executive , who in the 1990s developed an operating system called Be .
Even worse , sharing the codes could make it easier for hackers to unravel Apple 's FairPlay software .
But that breezy style is only one side of Amazon 's nature ; it is also a place where some employees are asked to supply their S.A.T .
''Microsoft gets paid for Windows .
But , she added , ''If Wal-Mart wanted , they could send their big guns out and bury Netflix . ''
EUROPEAN UNION : MICROSOFT INVESTIGATION
MasterCard 's general counsel , Noah J. Hanft , said in a statement that he was confident that banks would discover that any new venture would ''benefit American Express more than it benefits them or their cardholders . ''
Mark R. Anderson , an analyst at Strategic News Service , a technology consulting firm , said Microsoft should worry about Google 's inroads into one of its core businesses but would not see an immediate impact .
Analysts surveyed by the First Call Corporation , which tracks earnings estimates , had expected Microsoft to earn 48 cents a share , although the so-called whisper number , offered to customers verbally , was 50 cents , exactly as reported .
Kodak has stubbed its toe in electronic data processing before .
Some money managers are saying that pharmaceutical stocks are likely to be good long-term investments whether or not industry quickly benefits from wave of mergers ; drug companies have made numerous missteps : bets on wrong products , run-ins with regulators , and failures to quell talks in Washington and elsewhere that prices are susceptible to being reduced ; news that Pfizer will acquire Pharmacia helps lift prices of few drug stocks ; graph ( Market Place column ) ( M )
But the judges did not entirely accept Microsoft 's defenses , instead questioning a series of business and technical decisions that Judge Jackson had found to be compelling evidence of anticompetitive conduct .
The fear is that if Microsoft 's browser becomes too prevalent , the company might be able to undermine this potential revolution .
On the surface , Goodyear is just trading one partner for another .
In yet another snub of Microsoft , America Online announced it was working with Network Computer Inc. , a subsidiary of the Oracle Corporation , to develop an operating system for AOL TV .
The commission 's investigation into Microsoft 's contracts with PC makers began last fall .
Apple said it would begin shipping the first of these screamers , a 450-MHz G4 starting at $ 2,499 , in a couple of weeks , followed a few weeks later by a 500-MHz model that costs $ 3,499 .
''Amgen 's logic may have been that having already committed 90 percent of the cost needed to come to market , why not proceed . ''
So no , the new Kodak does n't run away with the crown in every department .
''It 's not our business , strangely enough , to move markets , '' said John Fildes , the executive director of Morgan Stanley Capital International in Hong Kong .
But executives at I.B.M .
Sony 's games business is profitable , but Microsoft 's has lost money .
And , as he did last year , Mr. Scott described Wal-Mart as the first and crucial rung on the economic ladder , giving power to people worldwide , from Costa Rican farmers to retail clerks in Japan .
''It 's true that I.B.M .
When Mr. Mack resigned from Morgan Stanley in January 2001 , he was the company 's largest individual investor with $ 640 million worth of stock .
IBM plans to announce that its researchers Miklos Ajtai and Cynthia Dwork have come up with new computer encryption formula that they say is nearly impossible to crack ; IBM says breakthrough is still a long way from being employed outside the lab and that it does nothing to resolve dispute between computer industry and Federal Government over whether law enforcement agencies should be given access to encrypted communications ( M )
''Whether or not Mondera would have joined forces , '' Mr. Mouawad said , ''Amazon would still have been in the game .
''It 's not ethereal in this case , '' he added of the rebranding , ''because it 's important for Con Edison to be seen in a new and different way . ''
The legal protest that Microsoft filed yesterday in reply to the government 's plan to break up the company is an essay of grim futurism .
Robert L. Growney , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , said Motorola expected total revenues to increase by about 5 percent in the current quarter over the second quarter and by another 5 percent in the fourth quarter .
The loan is guaranteed by the Jackson music catalog , which would revert to the Bank of America if Mr. Jackson defaulted , said several of his advisers .
Cisco Systems hires Hossein Eslambolchi away from AT & T , naming him vice president in charge of service provider businesses ; photo ( S )
Oracle has also used the Internet internally to cut costs , centralizing tasks like human resources that used to spread across many continents .
or FedEx .
Judge Penfield Jackson 's decision against Microsoft in antitrust case is received in Silicon Valley with sense of vindication but also ambivalence ; ruling , which stated that company is indeed monopoly that has hurt consumers and undermined innovation , also contains unmistakeable messages that there is nothing special about software industry and that it is not much different from any other bricks-and-mortar business ; satisfaction that Jackson shares locally prevailing view of Microsoft is offset by concern that his decision is step toward greater government intervention in high-technology industry ( M )
''If all else is equal , and Exxon Mobil comes across as arrogant or makes it hard for a government to respond , and it 's a problem they can fix , they should . ''
But even beyond that incident , Microsoft had a frustrating day in court .
Comcast , the nation 's largest owner of cable systems , owns several networks and is building a group of regional sports networks .
Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive , said the company , which produces business software , continued to see faster growth in revenue from current subscribers than in new licenses for its products .
Indeed , Amazon made a 10 percent profit on its shipping and handling charges in the most recent quarter .
They are expensive to enforce , and they are difficult , if not impossible , to enforce in some of the biggest marketplaces for mutual funds -- 401 ( k ) plans , fund supermarkets like Charles Schwab and variable annuities .
Motorola also has a software developer 's kit , so corporate developers can create and tailor applications to their business .
About 8.8 million of Comcast 's 21.5 million customers subscribe to a digital cable plan .
Acquiring the Learning Company , the nation 's top maker of educational programming , would significantly increase Mattel 's competitiveness in software by combining Mattel 's strengths in research and development , distribution and purchasing with the other company 's expertise in software development .
Intuit reported its financial results after the market had closed .
In a further distraction from its oil-services work , Halliburton is the subject of another S.E.C .
Mr. Kelly , leading a 12-person group , traveled , studied , brought in outside specialists , and by last September concluded that more of I.B.M .
While you still can not go to a Blockbuster store for a PC version of Civilization III , users with a broadband Internet connection running Windows can rent that game and others from Yahoo 's Games on Demand service ( gamesondemand.yahoo.com ) .
Time Warner , under its libel insurance policy , must insure Ms. Oliver , both sides agree .
Microsoft 's decision to pay the special dividend is testimony to the cash-generating abilities of the company , which has a monopoly position in a product used around the world .
The International Business Machines Corporation and the Xerox Corporation , archcompetitors in the printer business , will jointly market an officewide document management system , comprising Xerox 's Document Centre line of digital products that do triple duty as printers , copiers and scanners , and I.B.M .
Shares of Pfizer , the industry leader , for example , reached a peak of $ 49 in July 2000 and have trended downward since , closing yesterday at $ 24.44 .
`` AT & T is perfectly within its rights to enter the cellular marketplace , '' Judge Greene said .
Competitors like GlaxoSmithKline , the maker of Paxil , and Pfizer , which makes Zoloft , have each spent tens of millions of dollars for television and print ads promoting their antidepressants .
The Grove years have been rewarding for Intel shareholders , as well .
Even so , Mr. Gates later changed his mind and made the deal with America Online for one simple reason -- to increase Microsoft 's share of the browser market .
By reaching a major deal with Qwest , one of AT & T 's big competitors , I.B.M .
Analysts estimate that Merck 's total liabilities in federal and state cases could run as high as $ 30 billion .
With a merger of Brazil 's two leading airlines , Varig and TAM , now a near-certainty , the battle lines are being drawn between Boeing and Airbus Industrie over who will supply aircraft to the merged carrier , which will be Latin America 's largest by far .
I.B.M .
L-3 had teamed with Finmeccanica of Italy and Boeing , while EADS had teamed with the Raytheon Company .
If it did complete a deal with Corning , Nortel would be trying to capitalize on the increasing value of fiber optics components , while enabling itself to concentrate on designing and building networks using its own multimillion-dollar switching equipment .
And it could open up possibilities in sports , he added , by allowing the News Corporation to place a team 's games on two channels .
A spokesman for the Hartford Financial Services Group said the company had received a subpoena .
In Maryland , Verizon has accused Comcast of shoddy work and vice versa .
Still , Kodak cut operating costs by $ 135 million in the quarter , keeping on track toward the goal of squeezing $ 1.2 billion out of costs by the end of the year .
Mr. Strauss raised his estimate of Morgan Stanley 's earnings 20 percent last month , to $ 2.10 a share , only to be topped by 35 percent .
Enter the Amazon and BN.com ratings .
When discussing Wakeup Wal-Mart , Wal-Mart Watch and the Greenwald movie , Mr. McAdam slips into political-speak .
But Wal-Mart is special .
The employee , Marisa Baridis , 29 , an analyst in the legal department at Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Company , was arrested on Monday at work and charged on Tuesday with grand larceny , possession of stolen property , scheming to defraud , commercial bribe receiving and securities fraud , the office of District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan said .
Microsoft 's situation is very different .
The fourth quarter reflected Apple 's introduction of the iPod Nano , a pencil-thin model that replaced the popular iPod Mini , which had been the company 's best-selling music player .
The ruling permits Microsoft to continue selling Windows with Media Player , as long as the company does not give it an unfair advantage over the unbundled one .
In characteristic style , Scott G. McNealy , Sun 's chief executive , described the opportunity afforded by the network computer as being ''to kill Microsoft -- that 's the top priority for all of us . ''
''We must be open to new , forward-thinking ideas that are responsive to the changing realities of marketing , '' Michael I. Roth , chairman and chief executive of Interpublic , said yesterday in a statement .
News of the proposed settlement between Microsoft and the Justice Department propelled the company 's stock and contributed to a broader rally in the markets .
News reports suggesting that predators monitor chat rooms and Web sites like MySpace.com for potential victims has prompted a rise in warnings from school officials across the country to beware of such sites .
The Ford Motor Company will announce plans later this week to slash 401 ( k ) and health benefits for its salaried workers as part of an effort to overhaul its cost structure and return to profitability .
The Interbrand Group in New York , a unit of the Omnicom Group that specializes in corporate and brand identity consulting services , has expanded into Canada by acquiring Tudhope Associates in Toronto , a strategic design agency .
Amway , which is based in Ada , Mich. , is a $ 6.8 billion direct-marketing company whose products compete with Procter brands , which include Tide detergent and Crest toothpaste .
Still , it is unusual that Microsoft has not included Sidewalk , which also has arts and entertainment listing among other things , on WebTV instead of CitySearch .
But Merck 's critics have argued that the company knew -- or should have known -- about Vioxx 's shortcomings years earlier .
John Jay , 50 , a partner and creative director on the Nike account at the Wieden & Kennedy Portland office , was named creative director of the Tokyo office .
Mr. Topacio , who worked for another computer company before I.B.M. , also said that such violations were commonplace in the industry , where workers typically earn $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 annually .
Monsanto is the leader in the genetic engineering of crops , but it needs to get its genes into the popular varieties of corn and soybeans sold by Pioneer .
Some Wall Street analysts had predicted that Johnson & Johnson would buy a cardiovascular device company to bolster its share of the market for coronary stents after agile competitors like the Guidant Corporation and Arterial Vascular Engineering Inc. seized chunks of the market for the tiny titanium tubes .
Microsoft did not get a free pass on tying from the court , and it is certain to be an issue in the settlement talks .
If you have Microsoft Word installed on the PC and have designated it as your program for displaying messages instead of Outlook , you can selectively print certain pages in both HTML and rich text formats , but not with plain text .
In a stinging setback for the Oracle Corporation , the Justice Department and seven states on Thursday filed a lawsuit to block Oracle 's $ 9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc .
Throughout the negotiations , Time Warner representatives have called Disney 's demand too broad for discussion .
Wild Oats , a rival to Whole Foods , tried to expand nationally , and did not succeed , she said .
The new authorization from the board does not obligate I.B.M .
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson , which is based in New Brunswick , N.J. , declined to comment further or make company executives available for comment .
If you own one of eight million I.B.M .
Steven J. Freiberg , co-chairman of the Citigroup global consumer group , said the company could also use Citi Field as a showcase for new technologies like contactless payments , which enable shoppers to buy merchandise using specialized bank cards or payment tags .
Mr. Richter said Wednesday that he had been notified by the state attorney general 's office and by Microsoft that charges were imminent .
Intel said Thursday that it planned a sweeping reorganization aimed at greater efficiencies and reduced costs in an effort to get back on track after another quarter of declining profit and lost market share .
Intel reports second-quarter earnings that surpass expectations from strong sales of its more profitable chips for personal computers and notebook computers ; executives say positive results do not necessarily indicate general upswing in technology spending ; earnings per share were 14 cents for quarter , double 7 cents per share in second quarter of 2002 ; revenues were $ 6.8 billion , 1 percent increase over first quarter and 8 percent improvement over second quarter 2002 ; net quarterly income was $ 896 million , down 2 percent from first quarter but more than double what it was year ago ; photo ( Market Place column ) ( M )
With growth in the retail cellphone market starting to show signs of slowing , handset makers like Motorola are looking for ways to sell more of their wireless technology to corporate customers and governments .
After 66 Years , Kodak Dismisses Thompson
Robert Payton , Manhattan lawyer , accidentally overdosed on alcohol , cocaine and other drugs in Jan 1998 ; he fought his HMO , Aetna US Healthcare , to get in-patient drug rehabilitation ; it took months of letter-writing and by time Payton was approved , he had died of accidental overdose ; medical professionals say Payton 's case illustrates growing problem : managed care companies hindering access to mental health and substance abuse services covered in patients ' plans ; Payton 's mother , Dolores , has filed $ 800 million lawsuit against Aetna ; photo ( M )
In contrast to those other arrangements , the deal for Mr. McCartney 's next album , expected in early June , does not restrict it to just one retail chain ; Starbucks said the album would be sold at other outlets .
If juries turn against the company , Merck could be forced to pay $ 15 billion or more to settle Vioxx-related claims , analysts say .
Several of Verizon 's competitors , in fact , have benefited from the disruptions by signing up new customers in Lower Manhattan .
But the Government argues that the Gates tapes provide important context for its case by showing what Mr. Gates , the central actor at Microsoft , did and what he said about it .
Writing in today 's issue of the journal Nature , I.B.M .
Mr. Maffei , recalled one person who attended the meeting , stood up and delivered a brief lecture on businesses that Microsoft was likely to avoid .
While Wal-Mart 's share has been growing each year , Toys ''R '' Us , the country 's biggest toy chain , had long held an advantage on prices in the Prudential survey .
It further underlines how much I.B.M .
The ''Super Size Me '' controversy , and accusations that fast-food chains like McDonald 's promote obesity , are not issues for Russians , some of whom demand mayonnaise with 40 percent fat content .
The console 's very name was derived from a crucial Microsoft program for game developers , Direct X .
Merck faces more than 4,000 other Vioxx-related suits , so lawyers and investors have been closely watching this case , hoping to refine their estimates of Merck 's Vioxx-related liabilities , which have been put anywhere from $ 4 billion to as much as $ 30 billion .
Northrop Grumman also said today that it was unlikely to achieve its goal of $ 12 billion in revenue until 2003 , a year later than planned .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Motorola Chip Unit To Announce New System
Viacom and CBS , other analysts noted , are following the lead of earlier deals like Disney 's purchase of Capital Cities/ABC Inc. in 1995 , and Time Warner 's acquisition of Turner Broadcasting , also in 1995 .
''We have discussed expanding the instructional role , '' said Mr. Pisciotta from Nike .
But Procter & Gamble appears to have at least an 18-month lead .
Tom Burt , a deputy general counsel for Microsoft , said Dr. Lee had knowledge of trade secrets pertaining to Microsoft 's search engine technology and its China business strategy .
It was among the many small , improbable scenes in the days after the Sept. 11 attacks : A blue Consolidated Edison Inc. truck rushed down West Street toward the disaster site , an American flag streaming from its roof , and the roadside crowd , which had gathered to cheer firemen and police , shouted , ''Yaay !
Unless a last-minute deal can be arranged -- and executives from both sides said they were not even talking yesterday -- viewers in Houston cable homes served by Time Warner will lose access to ABC , at 12:01 a.m. tomorrow .
Michael D. Eisner , Disney 's chief executive , announced the new service in a surprise appearance on a stage set up by Microsoft in Central Park yesterday to start a $ 300 million marketing blitz for the next version of MSN .
In Microsoft 's view , the Government ''simply does n't have the evidence to make its big-is-bad case , '' said Charles F. Rule , a former senior Justice Department official who is now an adviser to Microsoft .
Currently , banks wishing to provide electronic services to consumers using Intuit 's popular Quicken personal-finance software have had to operate through Intuit 's bill-processing subsidiary , the Intuit Services Corporation .
Through its purchase of Tyco Inc. in 1996 , for example , Mattel snagged the Fisher-Price line , which is popular with preschoolers .
Actually , Procter is buying precious little .
Fosamax is Merck 's second-largest selling medicine , while Cozaar is fourth .
Speaking of pro forma earnings , all that noncash revenue from Ashford was included in Amazon 's pro forma earnings .
Seeking to thwart a $ 500 million bid by a consortium that includes the American International Group , the LG Group of South Korea said it would soon announce a joint investment plan with a United States fund to gain control of the country 's second-largest broadband Internet service provider .
Korean Air , bucking a trend that has seen many Asian airlines delay orders for new airplanes as a result of the region 's economic crisis , plans to announce next week that it is buying 27 new Boeing 737 passenger jets valued at $ 1.35 billion .
They are enabling technologies , say those in the know , a kind of blueprint or road map to the digital age , a future that Motorola executives say the company is helping to shape through its increasingly diverse semiconductor business .
The pallets , ordered from a Dutch company , had been washed with the solvent although it did not meet Coke 's specifications , said Robert Pagani , senior vice president for operations at Coca-Cola Enterprises .
That concession was made to address government concerns that Microsoft 's monopoly in the operating system market permits it to unfairly promote its own software over that of competitors like RealNetworks and America Online .
But triggers have also been an issue for Xerox and the Southern California Edison Company , according to a recent Moody 's report .
Mr. Nicoli declined to comment , and an EMI spokeswoman would say only that discussions were continuing with Time Warner executives .
Vicki L. Sato , the top research manager at Biogen Inc. , has resigned to take a similar job at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a start-up company just down the street from the Cambridge , Mass. , biotechnology pioneer .
The merger announcement was foreshadowed to some extent earlier this month when Boeing effectively hired McDonnell Douglas to provide help in developing larger jumbo jets .
But while AT & T was spending millions -- the company would not disclose the exact amount -- readying its private network and refining its elaborate business plan for Network Notes , use of the Internet mushroomed .
has a lot to offer , '' said Laura Conigliaro , a financial analyst at Goldman Sachs .
Moreover , the huge premium that America Online is paying for Time Warner 's shares will cause it to write off $ 7.5 billion in goodwill -- a noncash accounting charge -- from its earnings each year for the next 20 years .
''This is perhaps the most competitive portal market in the world at this time , '' said Osvaldo Barbosa de Oliveira , the head of Microsoft 's on-line operations in Brazil .
In total , I.B.M .
Intel can still make respectable profit margins with lower-volume high-end chips for workstations , but Advanced Micro , which does not make a work station-class microprocessor , saw the average price for its processors drop to $ 78 during the quarter .
Even though Marsh & McLennan is much larger in the insurance field , Mr. Smith said , Johnson & Higgins has the edge in several regions including the Western and the Midwestern United States .
In August , Interpublic disclosed unexpectedly that the irregularities , centered on bookkeeping for the European operations of its largest division , the McCann-Erickson World Group , required the company to restate five years of earnings and take a $ 68.5 million pretax charge .
''This demonstrates how leading banks that could not partner with us because of the illegal barriers that were in place see a value in a partnership and a relationship with American Express , '' Kenneth I. Chenault , the chairman and chief executive of American Express , said in an interview yesterday .
For years , Wells Fargo has been using its Vermont insurance subsidiary , Superior Guaranty Insurance Company , to insure most of its other risks , like those for its property -- the bank 's headquarters are in earthquake-prone San Francisco -- and those for its top executives , should the company ever face a financial scandal , as well as its auto warranties .
Johnson Controls , a company that makes everything from door panels to entire interiors for Ford and Chrysler , placed a coffee table between the seats of its own concept car , the Kion , and converted the dashboard into a storage unit they call a credenza .
One of the Internet 's highest-profile companies , Priceline once dreamed of transforming the way consumer goods are bought and sold by offering customers the chance to ''name your own price '' for a variety of products , including airline tickets .
While corporations should begin spending money on information technology when the economy recovers , Cisco 's dominance leaves little room for it to gain market share .
The Justice Department did sue Oracle on antitrust claims , but a federal judge ruled against the government .
Correction of December 11 Business Day article on plans by Aetna Inc to acquire Prudential Health Care
Just 70,000 of Verizon 's 42 million subscribers have signed up for its high-speed data service .
The error message affects only certain Explorer users who have built Web pages with Microsoft 's Front Page Express .
The Fluor Corporation , which recently won a $ 102 million contract to work on Iraq 's electrical system , would receive a tax reduction as well .
On the other hand , both colleagues and analysts also said that Ms. Hopkins probably received more credit than she deserved for Boeing 's turnaround .
The company 's new network now passes 3.6 million homes and Verizon hopes to reach 6 million homes by the end of the year .
But this understated , austere man who knows the firm 's inner workings might be the right man for the times at Goldman Sachs .
A spokesman for Microsoft , Dirk Delmartino , said the company was aware of the commission 's concern about its plan to delete the registry entries .
Interpublic chose to align Carmichael Lynch with the Michigan Campbell rather than the Minnesota Campbell , Mr. Linsky said , because the two Minneapolis shops ''have been competing head to head for some time . ''
In the lobby , Mr. Fetter found that firefighters were already arriving , as were Marriott employees , following drills ; they met in the lobby near the concierge desk .
The challenge of protecting copy-protection systems is not confined to Microsoft 's software , analysts said .
The Microsoft legal team has for months been preparing its E-mail defense .
Similarly , if I order Apple 's new MacBook laptop , the company will charge me $ 1,499 for a machine in black , but only $ 1,349 for an identically configured one in white .
Not every Wal-Mart , after all , has a free-standing tank filled with lobsters , which Mr. Bozard 's customers buy with alacrity , even at $ 12.33 a pound .
Said to Be Planning Appeal of Honeywell Decision
A Chinese political prisoner and his wife sued Yahoo in federal court Wednesday , accusing the company of abetting the commission of torture by helping Chinese authorities identify political dissidents who were later beaten and imprisoned .
Kellogg Co acquires Keebler Foods Co for $ 3.86 billion in cash ; deal will combine leading breakfast cereal company with second-largest cookie and cracker maker in US ; Kellogg chairman-chief executive Carlos M Gutierrez comments ; photo of Gutierrez with Keebler chairman Sam K Reed ; chart ( M )
European Commission investigates Italy and Germany for reportedly favoring Intel chips in bids for computers by government agencies ( S )
Apple shares rose $ 1.22 , to close at $ 51.59 , before its financial report was released , only to drop 10.5 percent after hours , to $ 46.18 -- despite the company 's emphasis on what Steven P. Jobs , the chief executive , called ''the best year in Apple 's history . ''
Just two weeks ago , Mr. Chan noted in his blog that this newspaper had recorded another lawsuit , filed by a nutrition advocacy group against the fast-food chain KFC , to get it to stop using partly hydrogenated oils .
At times , Mr. Gates struck a tone sounding almost as if the case had been concluded , which it certainly is not -- the appeals judges found that Microsoft had engaged in illegal monopolistic practices and they ordered a new trial judge to decide what penalties it should face .
The system would create a new line of products for Motorola , a new generation of wireless networking gear for Cisco and perhaps even signal the convergence of several existing communications products , like pagers , cellular telephones , televisions , radios and computers .
The concept of a bar came to Mr. Johnson one night when he was thinking about the kind of environment Apple wanted to create in its stores .
Rather than filing a prospectus , Molson is conducting the merger under a plan that requires a shareholders ' vote and court approval .
In Brazil , Wal-Mart opened only 25 stores in its first decade there and struggled to compete against bigger local rivals .
Comcast 's withdrawal offered Mr. Eisner and Disney only temporary relief from their critics .
In return , Nike agreed to give Fogdog the support it gave to big chains , including preferred prices , technical information , joint marketing and other promotions .
''I perceive and look at Zocor as a competitor , '' said Adam H. Schechter , general manager of Merck/Schering-Plough Pharmaceuticals , the equally owned venture that will sell Vytorin .
Here in Europe , America Online 's prospective takeover of Time Warner is likely to accentuate that phenomenon and increase pressure among rivals for alliances and mergers .
Mr. Jobs apparently views his stint as Apple 's interim chairman as just that -- a temporary job that he will relinquish when the board recruits a full-time chairman and chief executive .
''If Qwest does n't come back by a week before the Verizon vote , Deephaven is going to lose spectacularly , '' Mr. Halbower said , adding that his fund holds about 16 million MCI shares .
But analysts said the main reason for the move would be to simplify shutting down or selling Next Level while Motorola concentrated on increasing its investments in wireless technologies like the ones it will work on with Proxim and Avaya .
The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday that Mr. Belluzzo was expected to go to Microsoft to head its Internet operations .
Previously , Oracle , based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , said it would provide support for PeopleSoft products for a decade but would not expand or further develop PeopleSoft 's product line .
Edwards in August 2003 , is No.2 , and Oracle has been third in the market .
Halliburton -- which is spinning off its embattled military contracting subsidiary -- says it wants to focus on energy .
Mr. Coughlin , a 6-foot-4 former football player and hunting buddy of Wal-Mart 's founder , Sam Walton , was among the most powerful executives at the company .
plans to start by urging roughly 3.5 million people -- those from families with union members in five Eastern states where Verizon is the dominant phone company -- to log their names , addresses and phone numbers on a Web site , where they could be easily compiled for submission to AT & T .
Home Depot confirmed that it is in negotiations to open a store at the site .
This gilded résumé made him a solid choice to join the Morgan Stanley board in 1999 , becoming part of the first wave of directors that Mr. Purcell would choose .
Interpublic Names A Presiding Director
In 2003 , Lloyd S. Blankfein , the president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs made $ 20.1 million ; only $ 600,000 of that was salary .
The shift expands McCann 's relationship with Pfizer ; the agency already creates campaigns for Viagra in 30 countries in Asia , Europe and South America .
Merck had previously said that it planned to defend every personal-injury lawsuit filed over Vioxx , a painkiller and arthritis medicine that has been shown to raise the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
Also on that flight was Martin Lipton , the longtime adviser to corporations on deals and management changes who is Dow Chemical 's outside lawyer .
Kenneth S. Abramowitz , a health care analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , said Humana was buying ''two weak plans in regions that it is already in . ''
Microsoft Corp beats analysts ' estimates , reporting 85 percent increase in earnings and 45 percent rise in revenues in second fiscal quarter ; reports earnings of $ 1.04 billion , compared with $ 562 million ; sales rose to $ 3.21 billion , from $ 2.21 billion in second quarter of 1996 fiscal year ; table ( L )
The person briefed on the plan said that eBay was also considering partnerships and other options for its electronic payments site , PayPal China .
A new television commercial for Pfizer 's painkiller Celebrex that has attracted attention for both its length and innovative marketing approach is now also being criticized for its message .
CBS said the deal provided an opportunity to extend its reach online , including adding some of its own programming to Last.FM .
Ellen Johnson , chief financial officer at the Partnership division of the Interpublic Group of Companies , New York , was promoted to senior vice president and treasurer at Interpublic .
But the program will cover two drugs that Pfizer markets jointly with foreign drug companies : Zyrtec , an antihistamine for people with allergies ; and Aricept , for people with mild to moderate Alzheimer 's disease .
CBS said that its wholly owned Web sites , including CBSSportsLine.com , CBSNews.com and CBS.com , would report to Mr. Smith .
Mr. Kennett also called Ms. Druyun 's admission of Boeing favoritism ''surprising . ''
For now , Best Buy is the only major electronics chain that is thriving financially .
Correction : September 27 , 2004 , Monday Because of an editing error , an article in Business Day on Friday about Bank of America 's conversion of Fleet branches in New York misstated Citigroup 's ranking among operators of bank branches in the New York area .
And Coca-Cola Enterprises , the largest bottler in the Coke system , accounts for 65 percent of Coke 's domestic sales volume .
Texas Instruments Takes Bids for Sale of Defense Unit
Under the headline ''Suddenly , Jerry Levin 's Stock is HOT '' -- with a picture of Mr. Levin gazing dreamily into the distance -- the four-page article described how Time Warner 's stock had risen over the last two years from about $ 38 a share to nearly $ 70 and how the same ''market insiders '' who once said that Mr. Levin 's days were numbered ''now routinely describe him as strong , decisive and farsighted . ''
Look at the $ 3.6 billion purchase announced yesterday by the investors ' darling Internet site , Yahoo , of Geocities , the leading creator of electronic communities organized around people 's hobbies , passions and peccadilloes .
30-year-old comedian Marc Horowitz is focus of Nissan ad campaign , budgeted at between $ 40 million to $ 50 million , that shows him spending seven days in Sentra ; campaign is emblematic of growing efforts by marketers to remake their media choices to reflect changing behavior of younger consumers ; OMD , part of Omnicom Group , is overseeing media aspects of campaign , working with sibling shops like TBWA/Chiat/Day , Nissan creative agency ; other agencies not owned by Omnicom that are involved include Edelman and Vidal Partnership ; photo ( M )
They said it would also attack contracts that require computer makers or on-line services to support other Microsoft products or to shun competitors ' wares .
Mr. Craighill will report to Frank Lowe , chairman and chief executive of Octagon and chairman and chief executive of another Interpublic unit , Lowe Group .
Moody 's Investors Service cuts ratings on $ 2.8 billion of Mazda Motor Corp 's long-term unsecured debt to below investment grade ( M )
Promising to make corporate computer conversations more closely resemble dial-up telephone calls , AT & T and Novell Inc. said today that they would join forces to enable Novell 's popular computer communications software to operate over AT & T 's long-distance network .
Scientists from the school met with Apple executives two days after the company introduced its new 64-bit desktop computer in June .
Intel Corp agrees to buy VxTel Inc , which makes microchips that bridge traditional networks with increasingly popular optical networks , for $ 550 million in cash ( S )
Critics ranging from Norway 's principal consumer rights group to lawmakers in France have taken Apple to task -- and to court -- for making music purchased from iTunes compatible only with the iPod .
Still , for Citigroup and its chief executive , Charles O .
Mr. Murdoch owns 31 percent of the News Corporation 's voting stock and has made no secret about his hopes to have his children take over .
Myriad Genetics Inc , Hitachi Ltd and Oracle Corp will spend up to half billion dollars to identify all proteins in human body and all interactions between those proteins ; database will be made available for a fee to drug companies and , for reduced rate , to academic researchers ; move is latest sign that biotechnology is turning attention from genes to proteins , which actually carry out body 's functions and are thus of more direct medical interest ( M )
The new machines , available today , will come with Apple 's newest Jaguar 10.2 version of its Macintosh OS X operating system , which is scheduled to be shipped commercially on Aug. 24 .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it would place a shareholder proposal to sell the company on the proxy for the 2005 annual meeting , after the Securities and Exchange Commission denied a request by the company to exclude the plan .
Mr. Szkutak said the last nine months represented the three fastest-growth quarters for Amazon in four years , largely because of the Prime program .
Stinging from the Government 's opening statement , a defiant Microsoft Corporation forcefully defended its chairman , William H. Gates , in Federal court today , asserting that the no-holds-barred tactics of his company are not only common in the computer industry but also good for the economy .
Although the Texas Instruments story contrasted with the soaring earnings that the chip maker Intel Corporation reported Monday , the common theme was that safety in the chip business lies only with products that give the maker a competitive edge .
Improving the fuel efficiency of light trucks under a federal proposal would cost General Motors more than $ 1 billion and make its vehicles less safe , the automaker said in a filing with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Mr. Schmalensee said that Microsoft had spent money on research to counter that threat .
In regular trading , Intel 's stock increased 29 cents , to close at $ 20.98 a share .
The Godfather has been seen as a test of Electronic Arts ' creative vision .
''We are going to respond to social needs , '' a Boeing official told Time magazine in 1971 .
In Surprise , Liberty Media Fattens Stake in News Corp .
That is pretty close to the model created by Coca-Cola in 1986 , when it spun off Coca-Cola Enterprises , now the world 's largest Coke bottler with annual sales of 3.4 billion cases in the United States , Canada and Western Europe .
But antitrust experts say the tying issue could be vulnerable on appeal , and that an appeals court in a related case last year said Microsoft should be free to fold browsing software into Windows if there was a ''plausible claim '' of consumer benefit .
Wal-Mart to Enter Bidding For Big British Supermarket
''In order to get someone to switch to the 'Evening News With Katie Couric , ' '' said David F. Poltrack , chief research officer for the network , ''essentially they 're going to have to switch off from the local news on another channel , or switch their entire viewing from another channel to CBS . ''
To hear him tell it , Honeywell was one of many companies he had planned to discuss with his successor as possible acquisition candidates .
Amazon makes money with books in the United States and with its international operations , but it loses money on its hard goods in the United States .
Financial troubles of Interpublic Group of Companies continue to mount even as top executives of company strive to find solutions to series of setbacks and shortfalls that have infuriated Wall Street and Madison Avenue ; among new problems disclosed by Interpublic are informal inquiry by SEC into its restatement of earnings from last six years , acknowledgement that Interpublic will not meet earnings estimates for all of 2002 and agreement that amendments to some lending deals with banks may be needed ( M )
Interpublic Group of Companies acquires majority interest in Addis-Wechsler & Associates , Los Angeles talent management and production company ; terms not disclosed ( Advertising column ) ( S )
Many accuse Microsoft of overcharging buyers for the Windows operating system and seek triple damages .
Nicia Hoffman , for one , said she did all her Christmas shopping at Kohl 's .
Interestingly , Coca-Cola Enterprises went on its shopping spree without fanfare , though companies often publicize buybacks , since the purchases can give the stock a lift .
Viacom Inc will acquire CBS Corp for $ 37.3 billion in biggest media merger ever , creating world 's second-largest media company after Time Warner Inc ; Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone will run combined companies if merger is completed ; deal adds major broadcast television network to Viacom 's media portfolio , which includes highly profitable cable television networks , film studio and video-rental chain ; CBS chief executive Mel Karmazin will become Redstone 's second-in-command and heir apparent as president and chief operating officer ; all Viacom and CBS units will report to him ; acquisition signals another change in ownership of three once-independent major broadcast networks ; Viacom could emerge as world 's largest seller of advertising ; chart ; photo ( M )
''The challenge is declining volume and declining General Motors market share over all . ''
General Electric will acquire Honeywell International for $ 45 billion in stock , capping intense deal-making that broke up impending merger with United Technologies ; GE chairman , Jack F Welch , will defer planned retirement from April to end of 2001 to see deal through and manage company 's largest acquisition ; company will pay 1.055 shares for each of Honeywell 's roughly 817 million fully diluted shares , valuing each share at approximately $ 55.39 ; will reportedly assume $ 3 billion in debt ; charts ; photos ( M )
Southern argued that it was not reasonable for the commission staff , which had read the script in advance , to second-guess the emergency director , for whom the script was a secret and whose job was to develop an accurate picture of an unfolding ''accident '' based on fragmentary bits of information .
Late last month , the Justice Department and 17 state attorneys general asked a federal judge to break Microsoft into two companies .
Motorola shipped 16.7 million phones , up 18 percent from a year ago , but the mix shifted to cheaper phones .
Church steeples and crosses are proving to be ideal places for cellular telephone antennas , especially in small towns that lack other tall structures ; churches can earn average of $ 1,000 to $ 3,000 a month in fees for renting out steeples ; Bell Atlantic ( now part of Verizon ) rebuilt lightning-damaged steeple of United Methodist Church in Ipswich , Mass , in exchange for permission to put antenna in it ; photos ( M )
Microsoft Seeks Video Game Winner With Halo 2
Let 's hope someone can convince Mr. Gates that Microsoft 's chances of being in the forefront of whatever comes next will be better if he cuts a deal and moves on .
Television shows like 'Nike Training Camp ' widen the scope of product placements .
Mary Schapiro , president of NASDR , the regulatory unit , criticized Morgan Stanley 's use of sales inducements : ''What this does is it places the interests of the registered rep , the branch and the firm itself potentially at odds with what is best for the investor .
''Within the past year and a half or so we 've begun to see serious problems with Microsoft .
''A lot of the people who are at the center of Google had done hand-to-hand combat with Microsoft in the 90 's , and I do n't think they have forgotten , '' observed John Battelle , the editor of SearchBlog , a Web log on search technology .
But in the early 1990 's , a team of researchers at I.B.M .
I.B.M .
The shortages have wreaked havoc on Boeing 's production line , causing costs to skyrocket .
But Allstate , according to the agents and company documents , refused to take the agents on for at least a year , until their chance to extend their old benefits had expired .
Last September , Morgan Stanley was censured and fined by NASD for promoting the sale of its own mutual funds by sponsoring sales contests among its brokers and managers .
The Digital Equipment employees said that the company disbanded a product development group based here after Mr. Gates told Robert Palmer , who was Digital 's chief executive at the time , that a product the group was developing with a Microsoft rival , the Oracle Corporation , would threaten an earlier deal for Microsoft to develop a version of its industrial-strength Windows NT operating system for Digital 's powerful new processor .
''Apple has a price tag , but it 's going to be a little higher because we have created some momentum here . ''
That would make huge , widely held combinations like AOL-Time Warner unlikely , at least in the short term .
The shift may be caused in part by a corporate culture so rooted in binary logic and market domination that Microsoft management simply could not grasp the gut-instinct , hit-driven gestalt of the media industry -- whose profit margins typically fall far short of the 35 percent levels that have made Microsoft the world 's dominant software maker .
After the arrangement with TCI was announced , Craig Mundie , a senior vice president for Microsoft , said of Microsoft 's proposal , code-named HD-0 : ''The cable industry now has a proxy in digital TV .
In the regular search forms at Yahoo , Excite and Alta Vista , for example , you put a minus sign before the word ( -Michael ) .
Coca-Cola 's bottler said yesterday that it would take a $ 103 million charge against second-quarter earnings to cover expenses associated with the recall of soft drinks in Europe last month , about 70 percent more than previously acknowledged .
World Wide Web affords donors of questionable reputation opportunity to applaud their own generosity ; St Jude Children 's Research Hospital , which accepted donation from Eric Ridley , ultimately returned donation rather than have its name listed on Ridley 's Web site , which sells pornographic videos ( M )
EBay is hoping its new partnership with Google will help it find new ways to make money from Skype , its Internet calling service .
But Robert J. Bach , the Microsoft executive in charge of its Xbox operation , said that Electronic Arts and other publishers would have control over pricing , subscription fees , and game play under its planned approach .
Perhaps with an eye toward opening negotiations with Vodafone , Verizon said this month that it was looking for a potential buyer for its phone directories business , which it hoped would bring upward of $ 17 billion .
Although Sony faces intense competition from Microsoft and Nintendo in the home video game market , it is not expected to extend the price reduction to sales in the United States .
Amazon has also said that it will limit any reader to viewing 20 percent of a book 's pages in a given month , although it is not clear how the company would prevent people from logging in under multiple names or from different computers ; Amazon declined to discuss security measures .
The I.B.M .
At home , he relies on Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
The terms of the Priceline deal were not disclosed .
But officials from Speedera said that they received a civil complaint yesterday from a competitor , Akamai , that might be related to the search , both companies said .
A day after the Ford Motor Company said it would spend $ 3 billion to replace about 13 million Firestone tires , customers around the nation were expressing similar reservations .
One lawyer close to Microsoft said it ''tried to meet this demand part of the way '' by offering to consult the commission about future plans to add software products to the Windows operating system .
Autos on Friday report on renaissance of General Motors design previews several new models ; photos of vehicles and designers Anne Asensio , Wayne Cherry , Rick Wagoner and Bryan Nesbitt ( M )
For the quarter , Texas Instruments lost $ 29 million , or 15 cents a share , compared with earnings of $ 291 million , or $ 1.50 a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
In addition to the bundling question , the commission also wants to force Microsoft to share enough Windows secret code to allow rivals to design server software that works as smoothly with Windows as Microsoft 's own server software .
A person close to the case said this issue also remained unresolved , but he added that Microsoft and the European Commission would find the interoperability issue easier to overcome than the bundling question concerning Media Player .
In remarks yesterday summarizing his findings , Mr. Young advised Nike to continue to ''play a leadership role '' in the White House Apparel Industry Partnership , which has produced a voluntary , global standard for international labor practices .
General Motors will stop advertising in Los Angeles Times 'until further notice ' ; GM spokeswoman characterizes decision as culmination of long-running dispute between automaker and newspaper over how GM is portrayed ( S )
The issues surrounding Vista concern the part of the 2004 European ruling that seeks to curb Microsoft 's ability to bundle new software products into the Windows operating system .
While Morgan Stanley 's earnings grew by 18 percent , its stock price declined by 6.5 percent , compared with a 17 percent increase in the stock price of its peers .
Yahoo earned $ 155 million in the third quarter , down from $ 253 million in the period a year ago .
With growth slowing at its outlets in the United States and its stock price slumping , Wal-Mart Stores is aiming to gain greater access to the world 's most rapidly growing major economy by buying into one of China 's biggest retailers .
One frequent critic of food companies and other marketers , the Center for Science in the Public Interest , which is based in Washington , said McDonald 's was intentionally focusing on the wrong area .
Hynix slipped last year to third place , behind Micron , from second place ; the planned combination will vault Micron into the lead .
''So much of American pop culture today is represented by products that people use every day , '' Mark Blecher , senior vice president for marketing at the Hasbro Games unit of Hasbro , said in a telephone interview yesterday .
Goldman Sachs Group names Lloyd C Blankfein , Robert K Steel and Robert S Kaplan as vice chairmen , title that was held only by Robert Hurst ; J Michael Evans , Eric Mindich and Eric Schwartz will succeed Steel , who has run stocks division since 1998 ( M )
''It became clear to us , from a philosophy point of view , that they just did not want cloning in their future , '' Joe Guglielmi , corporate vice president and general manager of Motorola 's computer group , said in a telephone interview .
''One region might have a more dialed-up pumpkin flavor depending on what we know about local tastes , '' said Tom Barr , who is charged with overseeing the new Starbucks food program .
The Comcast commitment means that the television campaign will receive considerable exposure , about 70 showings weekly in each of its many markets .
Scansoft offers PDF Converter , which allows Word users to convert Adobe 's Portable Document Format files into editable documents , preserving tables , columns , graphics and other formatting ; photo ( S )
That the news was positive and announced in Seattle , Boeing 's birthplace , serves as a balm on the still fresh wounds created here when the company moved its headquarters to Chicago in 2001 .
Two members of the Nordstrom family , which controls roughly one-third of the company 's stock , have been named to top executive positions .
Earlier this month , Raytheon also rolled out a new mobile command center that would link all the disparate communications equipment used by firefighters , police officers , the National Guard , hospitals and civilian officials .
In a conference call on Thursday , Henry Hubble , Exxon 's vice president for investor relations , said negotiations with the Venezuelan government over terms of the takeover ''are continuing and will be for some time . ''
I.B.M .
Merck now faces about 10,000 lawsuits from people who say they or their family members suffered heart damage as a result of using Vioxx , a painkiller that was taken by about 20 million Americans .
Experts have raised concerns that fast-paced changes in both the technology and the marketplace may make the proposed remedy of splitting Microsoft both irrelevant and unnecessary .
Several people close to Apple 's investigation said he had essentially been forced out .
The campaign will begin today with an eight-page insert in major newspapers and a new Small Business Center link on I.B.M .
Years before the current labor shortage made child care a hot-button workplace issue , Marriott discovered that these hourly employees were so overwhelmed with family chores that supervisors were essentially spending 25 to 50 percent of their time on social work .
AT & T SEEKS BUYER FOR ATLANTA OFFICE PROPERTY
Signaling a move into sports content for Microsoft , MSNBC.com and MSN will join NBC in producing the Web sites for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics .
Sales began to trail off in 1994 , as Beanie Babies and other toys began to nibble away market share , and in response , Mattel began producing thousands of Barbies from its collectors ' line -- angering collectors who had paid $ 50 to $ 100 for the dolls , believing that they were limited editions .
But the unions say A.T. & T. aggravated this already painful situation for the unions by seeking to eliminate the remaining positions that were seemingly difficult to automate or leave unfilled .
Pfizer Inc says third-quarter net income increased to $ 1.71 billion , about 30 percent more than $ 1.3 billion it earned a year ago ; sales were $ 7.2 billion , up 7 percent over $ 6.7 billion in year-earlier quarter ; Schering-Plough Corp reports its net income rose 14 percent , to $ 591 million , up from $ 518 million last year ; sales rose to $ 2.4 billion from $ 2.2 billion in 1999 period ( M )
System/360 , holding an event entitled , ''The 40th Anniversary of the Computer that Changed Everything : The IBM System/360 . ''
''It would not be prudent for us to sit back and let the meter run by just having the legal process play out , '' said Michael Wallent , a general manager in Microsoft 's Windows division who testified in the Eolas case .
It also described Micron 's intention to impose a similar price increase .
Philip J. Carden , a consultant for Renaissance Worldwide , a consulting firm based in Boston , said that I.B.M .
Upholding a verdict that has unsettled the Internet industry in France for the last seven months , a court here ruled today that Yahoo must prevent World Wide Web users in France from visiting its auction sites that sell Nazi memorabilia , or face heavy fines for each day that it did not comply .
The French Yahoo ruling ''really puts free expression and communication in jeopardy on the Net , '' Mr. Davidson said , warning that online speech could sink to a single country 's lowest-common-denominator standard .
Past Looms Large as Verizon Prepares for a Strike
At Wal-Mart , a pair of good late-December days were not enough to reverse the generally sluggish holiday shopping .
Plaintiffs plainly made out a prima facie case of harm to competition in the operating system market by demonstrating that Microsoft 's actions increased its browser usage share and thus protected its operating system monopoly from a middleware threat and , for its part , Microsoft failed to meet its burden of showing that its conduct serves a purpose other than protecting its operating system monopoly .
The heated competition could spur Verizon to build its new network faster .
He clicked to his Amazon ''wish list , '' filled it with other books by the same author ( an Australian writer named Matthew J. Reilly ) and told his friends to go there before Christmas .
Mr. Volpi said he had other opportunities after leaving Cisco , but was drawn to the wide-open frontier of Internet television .
Bank of America 's track record in Brazil has not been the best , said Carlos Coradi of EFC , a banking consultancy in São Paulo .
Both I.B.M .
The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company , the largest aerospace group after Boeing , said today that a deep slump in its satellite-building and launching business was the main reason it had lost 299 million euros ( $ 330 million ) in 2002 .
Sherwin-Williams Co sells two adhesives businesses acquired as part of Pratt & Lambert United Inc takeover ; sells Pierce & Stevens to Sovereign Specialty Chemicals Inc and Miracle Adhesives Corp to TAAC International Corp for total of $ 58 million ( S )
There , the News Corporation chooses the top editor , who must then be approved by a group of independent directors who are not chosen by the company .
Despite challenges over the years from opponents of affirmative action , the program has made California 's utilities a national model for minority contracting efforts , and the heads of PG & E and Southern California Edison -- the state 's biggest utilities -- have been in large part responsible for making it a success .
General Motors Corp is expected to pay $ 1.4 billion for 20 percent of Fuji Heavy Industries , the Japanese maker of Subaru vehicles , in order to help its business at home while building its tiny market share in Asia ( M )
For three decades , state and local officials had periodically tried to persuade Philip Morris , a unit of the New York-based Altria Group , to move its headquarters to this tobacco-friendly city , but this time the pitch that Mr. Schewel set in motion in the summer of 2002 succeeded .
In a statement this evening , Microsoft said it was ''gratified by today 's decision , and we will move ahead to schedule the remaining depositions as soon as possible . ''
In the zones , the company will identify local businesses to spotlight in newspaper advertisements and to feature on Wal-Mart 's in-store radio network , which plays throughout the day .
Merck said last week that it would no longer sell Vioxx because a study showed a higher risk of heart attacks and strokes among patients who had taken it for longer than 18 months .
Three weeks after CBS 's cancellation of the apocalyptic drama ''Jericho '' set off a sustained and creative protest by fans of the first-season series , the network reversed course and announced on Wednesday that it had ordered seven new episodes for broadcast late this year or early in 2008 .
Microsoft executives point to the Oracle deal as a sign that their WebTV purchase is prompting other well-heeled companies to enter the field , thereby increasing competition .
The effort is being led by Yahoo , which appears to be taking direct aim at a similar project announced by its archrival , Google , whose own program to create searchable digital copies of entire collections at leading research libraries has run into a series of challenges since it was announced nine months ago .
Today many people are surprised to learn that WordPerfect still exists , so complete is Microsoft Word 's dominance .
Indeed , the cash flow has been so strong that in 1995 I.B.M .
One of the issues in the court case is the type of bookkeeping that Pfizer would use to account for its proposed merger .
In September , Senator Warner , a Virginia Republican , halted the plan , saying that the lease version being proposed by the Air Force and Boeing was so expensive that ''this thing will suck the life 's blood out of the Department of the Air Force . ''
And Morgan Stanley 's retail brokerage and credit card divisions remain weak .
''I 'm a huge Apple geek , '' he said in an interview .
The nation 's largest wireless carrier , Verizon Wireless , will increase its stake in Sacramento Valley L.P. , a company that serves several cities in Nevada and Northern California .
In addition to The Journal , Dow Jones publishes the financial weekly Barron 's and owns Dow Jones Newswires , Dow Jones Indexes and MarketWatch.com , as well as other properties .
When Wal-Mart Stores proposed in 1990 building its first outlet in Vermont , in the village of Williston , it started a fight that turned ugly quickly .
But for AOL , underlying the specific negotiating points is a broader concern that Microsoft is moving rapidly to consolidate its operating system monopoly and will try to use it to dominate the next generation of consumer Internet services .
Dow Jones & Co announces it will replace 4 of 30 stocks in closely watched Dow Jones industrial average -- first change in the index in nearly six years ; company says moves -- to be effective March 17 -- reflect growing role of technology , health care and financial services in the economy , but changes clearly represent effort , as well , to get rid of some losers in the index ; joining the Dow are Hewlett-Packard , Johnson & Johnson , Travelers Group and Wal-Mart Stores ; leaving are Bethlehem Steel , Texaco , Westinghouse Electric and Woolworth ; chart ( L )
Mr. Melkote , a founder of a three-year-old start-up called Aruba Networks , which sells wireless networks to corporate customers , says he recognizes that he and his partners might have turned away a once-in-a-lifetime chance at instant riches when executives from Cisco Systems , the largest maker of Internet networking equipment , came knocking last November .
But they suggested that problems at Boston Scientific had festered in part because top executives -- who have spent nearly two months in a bidding war with Johnson & Johnson for Guidant -- failed to resolve quality-control issues .
The ruling by Mr. Daniels said that the agency 's conclusion that only Lockheed Martin ''could provide best value to the agency in modernizing the system is also based on nothing more than the repeated vision of F.A.A .
You do what a family corporation that is the largest shareholder in Micron Technologies has done : sell $ 150 million in stock in a way that will defer paying any capital gains taxes for six years .
I.B.M .
The finding was significant because the Navigator , a large luxury S.U.V. , has been marketed by the Ford Motor Company as a vehicle redesigned in ways that made it less dangerous to passenger car occupants in two-vehicle collisions .
Shares of Viacom closed at $ 43.60 on Feb. 16 , 2006 , shortly after Mr. Redstone broke Viacom and CBS into two separate companies .
And consumers responded as a cult , which grew , culminating in the iPod , the personal music player , which quadrupled the company 's first-quarter profit this year and increased Apple 's revenue by 74 percent .
Boeing , in an official statement , characterized its offer as containing ''significant movement '' and said that the breakdown in negotiations and likelihood that the strike would continue were ''disheartening . ''
And American Cybercast in Marina del Rey , Calif. , in which companies including the Creative Artists Agency , Grey Advertising and the Intel Corporation hold stakes , will start a World Wide Web network ( http : //www.amcy.com ) that combines two episodic series with their own Web sites , the Spot and Eon-4 , with two new offerings , the Pyramid and Quick Fix Theater .
Omnicom Group will buy Arnell Group and two siblings , PASS Marketing and Cultura , from Peter Arnell ; deal reflects continuing interest among Omnicom and other giant agency companies in buying shops with nontraditional specialties ; three agencies offer services aimed at young black , Spanish-speaking and gay consumers ; Arnell comments on decision to sell to Omnicom shortly after buying back majority stake in agency from Draft Worldwide , interview ( M )
This significantly compounds the implications of Halliburton 's actions . ''
Until recently , the company that fueled the Internet revolution appeared to be in decline , withering under Microsoft 's assault .
Texas Instruments , which makes chips that power more than half of the world 's cellular phones , said its forecast for the second quarter of about $ 2 billion in sales and profits of 5 cents a share remained accurate .
While those deals helped cement Yahoo as No .
Mr. Condit 's career , too , came to a quick halt when it was also revealed that he had had relationships with Boeing employees between his four marriages .
Generally , he said , Priceline 's consumers of air tickets , hotel rooms and car rentals are college students , retired people or parents of large families -- ''people who have time they are willing to trade , if they can get deep discounts . ''
The consent decree was signed in a room behind the judge 's bench about 1 p.m. , the time Ms. Grossman and Morgan Stanley 's lead lawyer , Emily Nicklin , were scheduled to make their opening statements .
But Mr. Rabe of Verizon said that while the rates are not profitable now , that will change when the company spreads its costs over more customers .
In addition , at the urging of the Environmental Protection Agency , Boeing switched the cleaner it uses to scrub fuel tank parts before anticorrosion coatings are applied to them , she said , but as a result , pieces of the coating have been peeling off into the fuel .
The suit names Halliburton as a defendant as well as four executives who it said had control over the company 's accounting and the contents of its reports to investors .
Still , Kevin Sharer , Amgen 's chief executive , conceded it was possible that the growing concerns over safety could lead to the drugs ' being given a black-box warning , the strongest kind .
Since then , health imaging has provided an increasing share of Kodak 's sales and profits , accounting for $ 2.3 billion of Kodak 's total $ 12.8 billion in revenue last year .
Suit Says Wal-Mart Is Lax On Labor Abuses Overseas
In a reversal of an earlier decision , Church & Dwight named Maxus in New York , part of the WPP Group , to handle the media planning and buying for its products , which include Arm and Hammer baking soda and Trojan condoms , with spending estimated at $ 80 million .
As outlined in the offer , it would take Aetna 's profitable pension and group life insurance units , and WellPoint would get the health care units .
Executives at some other small companies still focused on the traditional personal computer software business said they did not see how a Microsoft breakup would create new possibilities for them .
Microsoft 's answer , auto and computer industry officials said , will lie in the use of programs that recognize a driver 's spoken instructions and respond with a synthesized voice .
In an Apple-esque attempt to use suspense as a marketing tool , Microsoft dropped hints about a mysterious project called Origami and doled out weekly videos with cryptic captions ( ''do you know me ?
The border mess is the latest signal that Union Pacific , the nation 's largest railroad and dominant carrier along the Mexican border , has yet to unsnarl the chaos resulting from its acquisition of Southern Pacific in 1996 .
Several one-time expenses , including a $ 36 million expense related to a company that had sold apartment coverage on behalf of Aon , hurt earnings .
International Paper , whose revenue of $ 25 billion last year make it the world 's largest paper company , now focuses on three businesses : white papers , timber and packaging .
By swapping its Time Warner Cable stake for assets -- in this case , for part of Adelphia 's cable systems -- rather than selling it for cash , Comcast can avoid paying heavy capital gains taxes .
He also lamented the fact that Morgan Stanley had completed far fewer acquisitions than its peers on Wall Street since 2001 .
The Microsoft Corporation asked a federal appeals court today to allow more than five months for the filing of documents in the appeal of the antitrust ruling against the company , and to permit a brief four times as long as usual .
But a significant factor in Apple 's success in digital music is the seamless connection between its iTunes Music Store software and the iPod players .
The Medco records that were unsealed yesterday were only a fraction of thousands of documents that Merck had produced under questioning by plaintiffs ' lawyers .
Small start-up , Y2K-OK LLC , introduces new tool for diagnosing and fixing Year 2000 computer problems on IBM mainframe and midrange computers , just weeks before new year begins ; company reports great interest in its product ; it is brainchild of Willard H Wattenburg , inventor , computer scientist and radio talk show host with reputation for iconoclastic brilliance ; photo ( M )
This time , Microsoft is planning a wider attack .
For Citigroup , the sale will result in an immediate $ 2 billion gain and remove from its balance sheet a slower-growing business that offers neither the glamour nor the lucrative returns of investment banking .
''That 's a first , '' said Robert F. Bernstock , president of Campbell 's United States grocery division .
The issue was made public on Tuesday when The Associated Press reported on Comcast 's activities , which the company initially defended .
In a statement , William W. Taylor III , Mr. Coughlin 's lawyer , said , ''We deplore the unfairness in which Wal-Mart is treating one of its most loyal and valuable leaders . ''
For Novell , the offering , to be called AT & T Netware Connect Services , is meant to take advantage of the popularity of its Netware software , which holds an estimated 65 percent of the corporate market for `` local area '' computer networks used within office buildings or corporate campuses .
But asked specifically about possible management changes at the unit during a conference call with analysts yesterday , Jill E. Barad , Mattel 's chairman and chief executive , said , ''In terms of management changes , there are none and I will not speak of any today . ''
Intel , as well as other large chip manufacturers , should be able to expand the benefits of Moore 's Law , named for Gordon Moore , a founder of Intel , which accurately predicted decades ago that computer chips would continue to double in capacity roughly every 18 months , while their price would continue to fall .
Onscreen buttons let you send your voice files via e-mail ( using Microsoft Outlook ) or transcribe them with Dragon Naturally Speaking .
Microsoft executives said yesterday that they believed that they would be able to convince Electronic Arts that the Xbox online service would not constitute a threat to the customer base of Electronic Arts .
Hughes has been talking with News Corporation for months over how to structure a deal that would combine the satellite television operations of the two companies and create additional value for G.M .
FMC CORP. , Chicago , signed a letter of intent with ASB to acquire its Frigoscandia Equipment Holding unit , a Swedish maker of industrial freezers , which has annual sales of $ 235 million .
According to analysts who have spoken with company executives , Time Warner has indicated that when it reports second-quarter results on Wednesday , its music division is likely to post a 25 percent drop , to about $ 120 million , in its operating cash flow , or earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization .
Like other moguls in an era of intertwined alliances among media conglomerates , John F. Welch Jr. , chairman of General Electric , faces some delicate decisions about the publication of his memoirs : how to promote his book without doing too many favors for his company 's competition .
Ms. Couric 's move has created an opening for the ABC and CBS morning shows to siphon advertising dollars from ''Today , '' the ratings leader .
If the deal is completed , Allianz will become an all-purpose financial conglomerate comparable in breadth and scale to Citigroup .
Two Start-Ups Aim to Take On Cisco and Juniper
About half the decline came when Xerox exited the low-price printer market last year , and dropped many unprofitable customers in developing markets .
That deal addresses a major concern that analysts have expressed about Yahoo 's plan to sell premium services , but the SBC relationship will get credit card numbers for only a small fraction of Yahoo 's users .
Editors at both Reuters and Yahoo will review the submissions and select some to place on pages with relevant news articles , just as professional photographs and video clips are woven into their news sites today .
But buyers came back in droves when the automakers , led by General Motors , introduced interest-free financing on many of their vehicles .
The new technique , which he said would be added to Microsoft 's Windows operating system next year , is known as Cleartype , and it makes text on a portable computer almost as readable as a newspaper or a book , Mr. Gates asserted .
The department and 20 states are contending that Microsoft used its monopoly position in operating-system software to stifle competition .
Airbus Industrie made further inroads yesterday against its archrival , the Boeing Company , when Boullioun Aviation Services , a fast-growing aircraft leasing company founded by a former Boeing executive , E. H. ( Tex ) Boullioun , announced its first purchase of Airbus jets .
Eastman Kodak Co is speeding its transition to digital imaging while cutting costs in its film business by eliminating up to 15,000 jobs worldwide , more than fifth of its work force ; expects changes to save $ 800 million to $ 1 billion per year by 2007 ; digital sales in 2003 totaled $ 4 billion , 30 percent of Kodak 's revenues ; chairman-chief executive Daniel A Carp comments ; Kodak reports fourth-quarter profit fell 83 percent , to $ 19 million from $ 113 million year earlier ; sales rose 10 percent , to $ 3.78 billion , from $ 3.44 billion year ago ; graph ; photo ( M )
Pause Technology files patent infringement lawsuit against Tivo ; patent at issue covers technology that enables viewers to pause live TV , fast forward programs and replay parts of programs while they are being recorded ; so far , only Motorola has announced it will license Pause patent for its future line of personal video recorders ; graph ( S )
EBay announces that , beginning May 31 , it will prohibit sellers from linking to their own home pages from eBay pages listing items up for bid ; many sellers are irritated by newly-enforced policy ( M )
Had Netscape accepted Microsoft 's offer , nearly all of its share would have devolved upon Microsoft , because at that point , no potential third-party competitor could either claim to rival Netscape 's stature as a browser company or match Microsoft 's ability to leverage monopoly power in the market for Intel-compatible PC operating systems .
Morgan Stanley 's directors , like those at many other companies , have been elected to terms of several years , a practice frowned upon by governance specialists because it entrenches directors and makes it harder for shareholders to oust board members .
''This is a landmark settlement that moves the process forward to fairly resolve the breast implant controversy , '' the Dow Corning president , Gary E. Anderson , said in a statement .
The work may yield something in the marketplace in a year or two , but I.B.M .
Some developers said they were disappointed that Apple would continue to restrict software development for the iPhone .
The deal would help Boeing keep its 767 production line alive in the face of declining commercial orders .
The blog was removed last week from a Microsoft service called MSN Spaces after the blog discussed the firing of the independent-minded editor of The Beijing News , which prompted 100 journalists at the paper to go on strike Dec. 29 .
could use its strong jet engine business to bolster sales of Honeywell avionics , shutting out competitors like United Technologies and Rockwell .
's efforts , analysts said , are in some ways a step back to the mainframe computer world I.B.M .
Microsoft Set to Sell City Guides to Rival
Shareholders of Time Warner Inc. and Turner Broadcasting System Inc. approved the $ 7 billion merger of the two companies yesterday .
According to executives within the Internet advertising industry , I.B.M .
Relatives of those who died on Alaska Airlines flight 261 are taken aboard boats to visit spot off Southern California coast where jet plunged into Pacific Ocean exactly year ago ; 88 people died in crash ; Air Line Pilots Assn presents posthumous Gold Medal for Heroism to families of Capt Ted Thompson and First Officer Bill Tansky , who piloted doomed aircraft and tried to prevent crash ; investigators have described what they term catastrophic failure of parts in tail stabilizer of MD-83 jet ; photos ( M )
Customer service has long been cited as a source of tension in Apple 's on-again off-again relationship with retailers .
General Motors and the Canadian Auto Workers union agreed tonight on a new three-year contract covering 19,000 workers in Canada , just five hours before a strike deadline set by the union .
And a Microsoft executive told reporters yesterday that a Zune phone was part of the company 's plan for the product line .
Morgan Stanley was the co-developer of the project with the Rockefeller Group , which owned the site near the four skyscrapers that it owns or manages on the west side of the Avenue of the Americas facing Rockefeller Center .
General Motors Corp and United Automobile Workers union reach agreement on new , four-year labor contract that will give company 's 143,200 factory workers annual raises of 3 percent plus adjustment for inflation ; terms of agreement are similar to those with DaimlerChrysler ; agreement might signal GM has turned corner in its frosty relations with union ; last year , GM lost $ 2 billion because of 54-day strike , its 17th strike since 1993 ( M )
Citigroup would continue to hold about a 9 percent stake .
''Either way , Citigroup wins , '' he said .
Celgene 's president and chief operating officer , Sol J. Barer , said the early conclusion to the trials would allow the company to seek approval to treat multiple myeloma a few months sooner than it had planned .
Verizon is the largest local phone company , but it has trailed SBC , the No .
Whether Amazon customers are really looking to buy everything from jam made by Trappist monks to white-water rescue equipment is yet to be proved .
According to Media Metrix , which monitors Web traffic , America Online 's Web sites had 54 million visitors in November , compared with 38 million for Microsoft 's sites .
Some antitrust experts say that the Justice Department is trying to frame this round of conflict with Microsoft narrowly as a straightforward violation of a consent decree .
Ford Motor Co sends cease-and-desist letter to Bluewater Network , environmental group responsible for print and Internet ads depicting Ford chairman and chief executive William Clay Ford Jr as Pinocchio for failing to make good on promise to increase fuel efficiency of its sport utility vehicles 25 percent by 2005 ; says Bluewater unlawfully uses Ford 's blue oval trademark on its Web site and has orchestrated telephone call-in campaign that could be considered harassment ; does not demand that group stop ad campaign ; photo ( M )
ArcaEx , electronic-exchange startup , is competing for market listings with New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq ; listings matter because they are important source of revenue for exchanges and because they are powerful weapon that markets use to attract order flow , lifeblood of any exchange ; New York Stock Exchange lists 2,750 companies , with total market capitalization of $ 20 trillion ; Nasdaq lists 3,300 companies , with market capitalization of $ 3.7 trillion ; ArcaEx has gained listing from American International Group , but NYSE will continue to be primary market for trading of insurer , for which NYSE has 82.4 percent market share in trading ( Market Place column ) ( M )
But Microsoft sees Juxtapose as ''clearly competitive , '' said Michael Gould , product manager for .NET Server marketing at Microsoft .
IBM and hundreds of other companies are changing from old-fashioned pension plans to new type of pension : so-called cash-balance plan ; critics say for many middle-aged employees who have spent their careers at one company , change means value of their pension will drop by one-third to one-half , delaying retirements ; backlash has prompted scrutiny from lawmakers and Government agencies ; Internal Revenue Service last week took position in filing in lawsuit that pension plan at Onan Corp , subsidiary of Cummins Engine , should be stripped of its tax-exempt status because of the way it converted to type of cash-balance plan without informing employees ; cash-balance plan described ; IBM estimates it will save $ 200 million annually using new plan , and says that despite protests and threats of legal challenge , it will not change back ; officials say many details are misunderstood by workers and that estimates of benefit reductions are often too high ; graphs ; photos ( M )
A spokesman for the Justice Department , Bryan Sierra , said yesterday that the Time Warner agreement did not cover individuals and that no one had been granted immunity .
Citigroup is expected to acquire banks to maintain profitability of its Citibank consumer banking business as competitors move aggressively into its home turf in New York with attractive promotions ; will seek to enhance its position in Hispanic banking in US , including Texas , where bank does not have any branches ; hopes to compete on breadth of its product offerings rather than by offering free checking accounts or higher interest on certificates of deposit , as competitors are doing ; analysts worry that consumer banking business will not be able to maintain recent level of profitability once stock market recovers and consumers again seek higher returns on their investments ; photo ( M )
Ford Motor Co names Mazda 's chief executive Lewis Booth to run Ford 's struggling European division , succeeding Martin Leach , who resigned ; Mazda 's executive vice president Hisakazu Imaki is named president and chief executive to succeed Booth ; John Parker , president of Ford 's Southeast Asian operations , is named executive vice president of Mazda ( M )
So there was some amount of quiet grumbling here in the days after the announcement of the multibillion-dollar I.B.M.-Hitachi deal , as many technologists wondered whether the computer maker was not mortgaging its future .
Moody 's said DoCoMo 's high-speed phone service , introduced in October 2001 , has attracted just 149,000 subscribers , far fewer than anticipated .
AT & T said that consumer trials over the last six months had persuaded it to shift its strategy to a more eclectic and open approach .
Wayne Charness , Hasbro 's senior vice president for corporate communications , credited Creative Artists for its ''invaluable assistance '' in hooking it up with DreamWorks and Paramount .
Pep Boys - Manny , Moe & Jack selects Richards Group to handle its advertising account , replacing subsidiary of Omnicom Group ( S )
But Mr. Stinson , the A.T. & T. spokesman , said that the company 's managers were responding to leaks from union officials and A.T. & T. operators about the job eliminations , and that managers wanted to inform workers before the news spread further .
And why were virtually identical versions of EPO sold in the United States -- Amgen 's Epogen and Johnson & Johnson 's Procrit -- associated with far fewer cases ?
''This is a victory for the tens of thousands of doctors who were lied to by Merck about the dangers of Vioxx . ''
John F. Welch Jr. 's image as the iconic American chief executive took a hit when his second wife , Jane Beasley Welch , revealed the goody basket of corporate perks he walked away with -- from free rent for a Manhattan apartment to flowers and reimbursement for cleaning bills -- when he retired from the General Electric Corporation .
In 2006 , PNC will build more than 35 new branches on top of the 103 in New Jersey and the Washington area it added with the purchases of United National Bancorp and Riggs National Bank in the last two years .
Teaser advertisements , intended to offer a preview of a new campaign for Viagra , are scheduled to begin today as mobile billboards in Chicago , Los Angeles , New York and San Francisco , said Paul Ewing , a spokesman for Pfizer in New York .
In a statement released this evening , Coca-Cola Enterprises said it was ''extremely disappointed and deeply distressed '' to learn of the indictments .
The suits also accuse Boeing of refusing to cooperate in a review of the company 's compliance with Federal nondiscrimination requirements at operations in Wichita , Kan. , and Mesa , Ariz. , as required by law .
Kodak has also had senior officers of local banks explain how to open a checking account .
The new computer lines , using I.B.M .
Paul Maritz , a Microsoft group vice president , said the overall effort would be ''a long march '' that could take a decade or longer .
Google and Yahoo each dominate one segment of the online advertising market .
Verizon Communications removes corporate brand and image advertising duties from Lowe & Partners Worldwide ; names McGarry Bowen to perform Lowe 's former function ; Isuzu Motors names Malone Advertising to replace Goodby , Silverstein & Partners to handle creative duties on its account ( M )
Time Warner pledged not to discriminate against rival program distributors like phone companies or satellite broadcasters by inflating the price of popular Turner cable networks .
In May , a French judge ruled that Yahoo , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif. , had violated French law and offended the ''collective memory '' of the country , an allusion to the Holocaust years , by allowing online auctions of Nazi paraphernalia on its English-language auction site .
Article on scene at Aon 's operations in New York one year after Sept 11 terrorist attacks at World Trade Center cost world 's second-largest insurance broker lives of 175 employees ; Aon 's main operations in New York have been restored and company 's brokers and consultants are preparing to move into new offices in Midtown Manhattan and in downtown financial district ; many employees have decided not to work in New York ; chief executive Patrick G Ryan comments ( M )
Everyone knows that Microsoft likes cheese .
Whirlpool 's total of 23,000 employees in this country has not changed in a decade , while the overseas work force has tripled , to 45,000 .
As of that day , Motorola said , it had more than $ 4.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-term debts of $ 3.1 billion .
But most important , Humana and United Healthcare would have had a significant advantage in controlling costs .
This attack , embedded in the worm , will cause computers that are still infected and that are connected to the Internet to automatically visit the Microsoft site , in an attempt to create a traffic jam of visitors .
Intel will report its third-quarter results on October 14 .
Although both Motorola and I.B.M .
According to the person familiar with the discussions , Comcast would plan to issue new low-voting stock for the Mediaone stock , leaving Comcast in control of the merged company .
Wendy Hall , a Halliburton spokeswoman , defended the company 's handling of the asbestos issue .
Behind the Dow Chemical Firings , a Tangled Corporate Drama
Among the most popular prizes are Blockbuster rentals , free Coca-Cola products , subscriptions to Hearst magazines and music downloads from Sony 's Connect.com .
Verizon is expected to announce set of new products that will tie together voice , data and wireless services ( S )
These restrictive agreements also maintain , and enhance the importance of , Microsoft 's ability to provide preferential placement on the desktop ( or in the boot-up sequence ) to various Internet Service Providers ( ''ISPs '' ) and Internet Content Providers ( ''ICPs '' ) , in return for those firms ' commitments to give preferential distribution and promotion to Internet Explorer and to restrict their distribution and promotion of competing browsers .
That was not so for Michael Lacovara , Microsoft 's lawyer .
''It 's great to be here to announce an extension of our relation with Apple , '' Mr. Iger said , then added with a laugh , ''Not Pixar , but with Apple . ''
Lissa Bogaty , an industry analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston , said early indications during the fiscal year suggested Cisco 's revenue would be 50 to 60 percent higher than it had been in fiscal 2000 .
The move came after Microsoft tightened contract restrictions on computer makers , but also after the introduction of Windows 95 , which made PC 's easier to use -- addressing the key problem the shell was intended to solve .
The court ruled that the catheter system used to deploy Cypher into coronary arteries infringes on patents owned by Boston Scientific .
Mr. Scott struck a defiant note on Wal-Mart 's wages , which average less than $ 10 an hour , or less than $ 19,000 a year .
Robert Metcalfe will help celebrate 25th anniversary of Ethernet , computing technology he helped invent and then ceded to larger computing industry , in marked contrast to proprietary industry standard like Windows , which Microsoft controls ; Metcalfe feels that story of how Ethernet became de facto office networking standard is important counterpoint to bitter fighting that now characterizes most computer industry technologies ( M )
Investors and analysts have been waiting anxiously to see if Boston Scientific would be comfortable enough to continue to pursue its bid after reviewing Guidant 's internal financial and safety records , especially after it was disclosed last month that the Food and Drug Administration had new reports about patient deaths associated with short circuits in Guidant 's heart devices .
Dr. Allgood said the partnership with Coke would help that technology reach more consumers .
''Plaintiffs have not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft is likely to substantially lessen competition in a relevant product and geographic market , '' he wrote in a 164-page ruling .
At the end of that week , after offers soared toward $ 100,000 , after eBay had cut short the auction , after John 's telephone company had admonished him for trying to sell a number it says he does not own , after staffers at the Federal Communications Commission searched the rules for clarity , he continued to make the case that , rather than exploiting pop culture in order to be paid , he was helping define new parameters of ownership and commerce .
Yahoo has been denounced for providing information that has helped the Chinese authorities convict such dissidents .
Mexico 's Coca-Cola Femsa says sales and income rose in second quarter ; revenue rose 17 percent , to $ 963 million ; profit more than quadrupled to $ 150 million ; operating income dropped 4.8 percent ( S )
One tip was to paint its stores orange , Home Depot 's signature color .
Many economic analysts say that breaking up Microsoft is not at all analogous to the dividing of Standard Oil or AT & T , two other companies that lost epic antitrust battles with the government but also saw the values of their divided parts soar .
And he pointed out that the size and scale of General Motors protected it to some extent because of its investment advantages over smaller companies , including the ability to buy costly technology .
Boeing , the longstanding leader , has had about 60 percent and Airbus about 30 percent .
Microsoft makes no pretense : Office Live is intended to make money .
With its 40 percent stake , Cadbury 's investment appears to be patterned after that of Coca-Cola in its anchor bottlers , which include Coca-Cola Enterprises in the United States and parts of Europe , including Britain .
Mr. Sorenson said Courtyard by Marriott II would pay all but $ 1 million or $ 2 million of the interest due this quarter on the Marriott loan .
He added , ''Verizon Wireless can only benefit from the consolidation of the entire industry . ''
That deposition was of Brian Croll , a Sun Microsystems executive asked by a Microsoft lawyer about Sun 's inclusion of its Hot Java Web browser with Solaris , Sun 's operating system for server computers .
It does not create articles and photos , but instead culls material from news organizations in exchange for a portion of Yahoo 's ad revenues .
's Global Services unit , I.B.M .
For the most part , Lenovo has accelerated its efforts to build the Lenovo brand in the United States and sever connections to I.B.M .
French stores removed more than 50 million bottles and cans from shelves today , and bans on the sale of Coca-Cola products remained in force for a second day in France , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg .
At one point , Boeing was planting and selling potatoes as part of an irrigation experiment .
The state would be better off , Mr. Horn said , if it hired independent companies to provide health counseling for Medicaid recipients and forced Pfizer and other drug companies to provide rebates for its drugs .
The idea was to demonstrate the levels of service on Alaska Airlines by contrasting them with an avatar of how not to run an airline .
More than 100,000 people are visiting the existing Apple stores each week , and more than half of them are not Mac users , according to Mr. Jobs .
But Mr. Lin , for one , said that while Verizon could try to build its corporate business alone , ''it might be cheaper for them in one fell swoop to buy a chunk of the market . ''
Boeing said the plane , which will seat 175 to 250 passengers , would fly at higher altitudes than conventional jets and save about one hour for every 3,000 miles it travels .
Boston Scientific said in a news release the same day the F.D.A .
Your answer may reveal how you view the Internet , or even your level of use , according to a recent report by I.B.M .
Cisco Systems offered investors hope today that the nation 's technology sector was not continuing to deteriorate , posting stronger-than-expected earnings .
''This is an enormous advance , '' said John E. Kelley III , senior vice president for technology and intellectual property at I.B.M .
The proposed merger of AOL , the world 's largest Internet company , and Time Warner , the nation 's largest media and entertainment conglomerate , has forced regulators to confront a thicket of issues involving the convergence of new and old technologies ; the sweeping consolidation of the telecommunications industry and the emergence of a new medium -- interactive television -- which holds the promise of transforming the news and entertainment businesses .
While the precise financial arrangements are still being discussed , Citigroup could receive a stake as high as 19 percent in Legg Mason as well as cash , bankers said .
The write-down , coming after a $ 4.2 billion charge that the News Corporation recorded earlier this year for the same purpose , raised the company 's total loss on Gemstar this year to about $ 5.8 billion .
Staples named nine agencies yesterday to compete in a review for the broadcast creative part of its account , with billings estimated at $ 50 million to $ 70 million .
Patients and their families have written letters to Amgen , imploring the company to continue providing the drug .
makes for Apple represent less than 2 percent of chip production at its largest factory in East Fishkill , N.Y. And while the microelectronics business as a whole is strategically important for I.B.M. , it is a small part of the revenue of a company that increasingly focuses on services and software .
If that program is eventually bundled as part of the operating system in all new Windows computers , the first arrival screams foul , but in the end Microsoft wins .
It is unclear whether Procter & Gamble will have to dispose of any of its brands because of its large share of the hair care business .
''Wal-Mart may face several adverse consequences as a result of staffing and scheduling not being prepared appropriately , '' it stated .
And on Friday , Roche said it was suspending patient enrollment in a lung cancer trial comparing its Cera against Amgen 's Aranesp because of apparently greater than expected number of deaths in at least some of the arms of the trial .
Boeing says its success in orders can be attributed to having a better plane .
It is owned by Lockheed Martin and Boeing , not just by Lockheed .
Bank of America , which said it had a $ 9.7 billion portfolio , has had 70 percent of its cars returned after leases expire , Mr. Hance said .
''You would have to say that even with Pfizer 's size , American Home Products has an edge for Warner-Lambert , '' said Neil Sweig , an analyst with Ryan Beck & Company .
Yet in its antitrust battle , Microsoft has three levels of concern .
While struggling to find the right mixture of merchandise , Gap significantly ratcheted down its advertising in the last six months -- effectively telling shoppers to take a stroll around the block while its stores got their act together .
Like Mr. Beller , of Crazy Politico , Mr. Pickrell had criticized the Maryland legislature over its health care law before Wal-Mart contacted him .
Costco says sales at the first of its stores in Japan , which opened in 1998 in Fukuoka , are growing at nearly 20 percent a year .
Microsoft made its announcement late in the afternoon after a report by a Goldman , Sachs & Company analyst saying there would be a delay had driven the stock lower .
The new data and the analyses Merck will present this week are not expected to alter significantly either side 's assessments of the risks of using Vioxx .
colleagues than at anyone else , '' said Robert Alan Feldman , chief economist at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in Tokyo .
These are anxious times for film animators , whose business is being roiled by layoffs , new technology and tension between the industry 's longtime leader , the Walt Disney Company , and its upstart partner , Pixar Animation Studios .
Cue of Apple noted that the big struggle is getting customers to sign on in the first place .
IBP Inc , nation 's biggest meatpacker , says it would begin talks with Tyson Foods on its $ 2.8 billion cash-and-stock takeover offer ; Tyson 's offer tops $ 2.7 billion all-stock bid by Smithfield Foods , but analysts see little difference between two offers ; note that opening talks with Tyson will put pressure on Smithfield to consider raising its bid ( M )
Universal McCann had handled the media buying for Coca-Cola products in North America for two decades , while the media planning has been divided for almost a decade between units of Starcom Media-Vest : MediaVest Worldwide for soft drinks and other beverages , and Starcom Worldwide for Minute Maid juices .
Time Warner , with its vast cable networks serving more than 13 million subscribers , gives America Online assured access to the high-speed networks required for these new mass-market Internet services .
Altria and other tobacco companies still face plenty of litigation , though none of it is considered a major threat .
''It turns out that Amazon has shown that it can take care of itself through its own distribution network , '' Mr. Pitofsky said .
Mainly , the section includes links to reservations from Expedia.com , the big travel site controlled by Microsoft .
For Yahoo , the deal with eBay represents a potentially significant expansion of its advertising business .
MR. HOLLEY -- As Mr. Urowsky has explained over the last two days , Microsoft believes that the district court 's liability determinations are not sustainable .
Bank of America Asks Agencies to Compete
Said to Open New Inquiry Into Unit of Bank of America
Some of it may look bad but , Microsoft insists , none of it should add up to an antitrust violation .
Microsoft did well in the consumer personal computer market , especially in the United States , Europe and Japan .
But Mr. Monti 's aides have met with Time Warner and AOL executives to discuss possible compromises .
But last Friday , when it was evident that Time Warner would not pay the $ 3.4 million , SportsChannel blacked out one game , then another on Sunday .
William H. Donaldson , chairman of Aetna , confirmed that Aetna had held ''very preliminary '' discussions about possible settlement terms with lawyers who have filed dozens of suits contending that Aetna and other managed care companies have defrauded members .
As an example , Mr. Finkelstein points to Johnson & Johnson 's 1996 takeover of Cordis for $ 1.8 billion .
''By providing the systems that make the Internet work , Cisco is playing a major role in helping customers thrive in the explosive Internet economy , '' John Chambers , the president and chief executive , said in a statement .
Johnson & Johnson could try to block Boston Scientific from bringing Liberté to market if yesterday 's decision holds up on appeal , but such a strategy could antagonize many doctors , so both companies would face pressure to work out a royalty agreement .
AT & T has been negotiating to sell its stake in Time Warner Entertainment back to AOL Time Warner .
Harold D. Reiter , the chief executive of Herbert Mines Associates , an executive recruitment firm focused on the retail industry , said chains like Wal-Mart and Kohl 's ''are doing real design now . ''
''I see a very bright future for Boeing when it comes to aviation , '' she said , ''particularly in the areas of UAV 's and in sales of C-17 's . ''
Braindump -- A process by which a departing Microsoft employee or contractor imparts the essential information vital to performing his or her job to the designated replacement .
Despite signs that its core business may have reached bottom , Intel remained cautious .
Procter & Gamble , to promote its Charmin brand , has begun showing up at state fairs to encourage people to use special ''Charminized '' rest rooms , which are not only clean but stocked with P. & G .
The campaign uses the word ''open '' to symbolize the shared elements of Linux ; there is a Web site ( www.ibm.com/open ) and the commercial will first run during the CBS coverage of the U.S. Open tennis tournament on Sunday .
If , in fact , Amazon was having trouble attracting big-name retailers in the short term , Gap could remedy that , and do itself some good in the meantime , analysts said .
''We had a number of unfortunate episodes this summer , '' said Richard H. Marsh , the chief financial officer of FirstEnergy , a company once known as Ohio Edison that has expanded rapidly through acquisitions .
Pfizer is expanding a new relationship with the New York office of BBDO Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , by shifting to the agency the creative duties on the account of the Lubriderm line of skin-care products in the United States .
Kodak clearly had to do something .
The court appointed a panel of three experts to evaluate that contention and earlier this month the experts testified that it probably would be possible for Yahoo to prevent most Web users in France from reaching the objectionable sites .
The Justice Department and 19 states assert that Microsoft did precisely that by bundling its Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system .
The Disney team is out at Gap .
Citigroup has named Tom King to lead its European investment bank , succeeding J J McNeil , who remains at Citigroup but has been on sabbatical since September ( S )
The announcement of the AOL-Time Warner merger spurred other deals , like the acquisition by the French company Vivendi of Seagram , owner of Universal Studios and the Universal and Polygram music labels .
Motorola still expects most of its businesses to have healthy growth prospects ''over the next several years , '' he said , but the company is less certain of its previous predictions that the economy will steadily improve over the next year and a half .
Charles F Dolan , Cablevision chairman , says he is open to selling company 's cable television systems , which serve three million subscribers in New York area , particularly if other party is AOL Time Warner ; AOL Time Warner is planning to spin off its Time Warner Cable operations , and people close to Cablevision say one particularly attractive scenario for company might be to combine Cablevision 's systems with AOL Time Warner 's cable operations in Manhattan and Bronx to create New York area behemoth that could be run as some sort of joint venture ; graphs ; photo ( M )
The General Mills headquarters is suburban and breezy , but more corporate ; Pillsbury is urban yet relaxed , with Pillsbury Doughboy dolls on nearly every desk and the halls decked with the Doughboy and the Green Giant standing in tandem .
About 100 protesters marched at Adobe 's headquarters in San Jose today , and protests were held in several other cities .
The spots , which Ms. McGarry said would depict ''a slice of life , high entertainment , '' will focus on three aspects of Xerox 's business -- publishing on demand , office color products and one-to-one marketing .
Red Hat Sues SCO Over Claim to Unix Code
Time Warner and EMI Group would each own 50 percent of Warner EMI Music .
Ford Motor Company Fund
Some research here in fields like algorithms and quantum computing is likely to have no commercial payoff any time soon , but most of the researchers are pursuing projects intended to nurture Microsoft 's increasingly diverse businesses in the next three to five years .
Gary Ginsberg , executive vice president for corporate communications at the News Corporation , responded by saying : ''We 're delighted with this development .
''He recognized that if he let that aspect of himself dominate Vornado , he was never going to grow the business the way he should .
More computer buyers are suffering the same symptoms , as upstart chip makers have begun to challenge seriously the Intel Corporation 's dominance over the personal computer market .
General Electric Co announces it has sold 60 percent stake in its Indian back-office unit GE Capital International Services to private equity firms General Atlantic Partners and Oak Hill Capital Partners ; price is $ 500 million ( M )
But some consumer advocates questioned yesterday whether Citigroup was merely eliminating brokers who did not bring in much profitable business .
Microsoft said that it expected revenue and earnings for the current quarter to be somewhat higher than the average estimates of securities analysts .
''Apple was n't building market share because of the switching costs , '' said Charles Wolf , a financial analyst at Needham & Company , a New York investment firm .
Electronic Arts found that it could entice only about 15,000 people to pay to play Majestic , either at $ 9.95 a month or later , when , in an effort to boost sales , the company offered free online play with the purchase of the game for $ 40 on CD .
Mr. Cooke said the Lockheed Martin design looked ''achievable , '' an indication that it relied more heavily on known technologies than developing new ones .
Apple has added video capability , celebrity play lists , exclusive music , the ability to convert home movies into iPod format , and many other features -- all free .
Even after disclosure of problems with Guidant 's devices , Johnson & Johnson had previously said the deal , which was agreed to in December at terms worth $ 76 a share to Guidant stockholders , was on track to be completed in the third quarter .
''Kohl 's and TJX are the best at paying the vendors on time every time , '' said Burt Flickinger 3rd , managing director of Reach Marketing , a Westport , Conn.-based retail consulting firm .
The group works out of an old conference room on the second floor , christened Action Alley , the same name Wal-Mart gives to the wide , circular aisle that runs around its stores .
STATE OF THE ART Correction : October 4 , 1999 , Monday The State of the Art column in Circuits on Sept. 23 , about a new Microsoft computer mouse called the Intellimouse Explorer , misstated the operating-system requirements .
Including a one-time cost of $ 224 million to convert its B Sky B satellite broadcasting service in Britain to digital technology , the News Corporation reported a net loss of $ 10 million , or 2 cents an A.D.R. , in contrast to a net profit a year earlier of $ 233 million , or 23 cents .
Amazon sees no reason to apologize for its decision to leave the customer-service phone number off its Web site .
For Time Warner , the sale would reduce its exposure to the troubled music business and bolster its balance sheet .
Only a year ago , the News Corporation , like many media companies , was eager to invest in the Internet .
The purchase illustrates Raytheon 's determination to prevail amid a brutal consolidation in the industry and signals the company 's status as a possible contender for a much larger prize : the Hughes Electronics military business , which is being sold by General Motors for perhaps $ 9 billion .
And if so , did I.B.M .
He gives more weight to the competition Microsoft faces , for example , than did Judge Jackson -- who found that the Linux operating system was a fringe technology and not likely to challenge Microsoft anytime soon .
Late yesterday , an investigator involved in the case disclosed that several major insurance companies had received subpoenas from Mr. Spitzer 's office , in addition to the four brokers that reported last month that they were under investigation -- the Marsh & McLennan Companies and Aon , the two giants in the field , and Willis Group Holdings and Kaye Insurance Associates .
Mr. Case is not on the 12-person witness lists for either side , but he could be called as one of the two additional witnesses allowed to each side after Microsoft presents its defense , which is expected to begin early next week .
New York 1 , the local 24-hours cable news channel in New York City that is widely seen as a welcome new source of municipal coverage , required a large investment from its owner , Time Warner .
In a move indicating that its aspirations extend to selling far more than books over the Internet , Amazon.com said yesterday that it had bought the Junglee Corporation , which operates a service that lets people shop for everything from clothing to computers .
Gap hires Goldman Sachs to help it explore sale of company ; sale , estimated at $ 18 billion , would be one of largest buyouts ever in retail industry ; private equity firms are most likely buyers if sale is offered ; analysts cite Gap 's lack of focus as reason for its recent decline ; photo ( M )
FleetBoston announces ambitious reorganization strategy , one that intends to refocus company 's business on its core commercial and retail banking operations ; central to its operations is plan to sell Robertson Stephens , investment bank that specializes in deals for moribund technology industry ; FleetBoston 's decision to announce planned sale of Robertson Stephens goes against typical advice of any good banker : never publicize sale of company that nobody wants to buy ; FleetBoston has aggressively cut jobs at Robertson Stephens over last two years because market rebound , particularly in technology industry , never materialized ; FleetBoston hopes to sell firm in next three to six months for as much as $ 600 million and has hired Goldman Sachs to help drum up interest ; BankBoston bought Robertson Stephens for $ 800 million in 1998 ( M )
had begun its investigation ''and it was clear that the commission had evidence of Xerox 's false and deceptive accounting . ''
Yahoo will start charging companies that want to ensure that their Web sites are included in its Web index from which research results are selected ; practice , called 'paid inclusion , ' has long been part of many search engines ; Google , which last year surged to become largest site for searching on Internet , disdains practice as misleading ; sites will pay from $ 10 to $ 49 for each Web page indexed and from 15 cents to $ 1 each time Yahoo user clicks on link to their sites ( M )
Pfizer became Dr. Rost 's employer when it bought Pharmacia in 2002 for $ 63 billion .
For the quarter that ended on June 30 , Microsoft earned $ 1.36 billion , or 50 cents a diluted share , compared with $ 1.06 billion , or 40 cents a diluted share , in the comparable period a year ago .
Harry Stonecipher , Boeing 's president , said he was not disappointed by yesterday 's developments .
''They have people who want to check the scores for the Golden State Warriors , not buy Air Jordans , '' he said of the Time Warner sites .
Frank Blake , a Home Depot senior executive who was named Mr. Nardelli 's successor , is not expected to have an employment contract , according to a person close to the board 's discussions .
In two announcements , Cisco said it was intensifying its alliances with AT & T and with the Hewlett-Packard Company .
Pacific Gas and Southern California Edison faltered under deregulation when their retail rates were capped as wholesale energy prices soared .
U.S. Suit Cites Citigroup Unit On Loan Deceit
Merger talks between AT & T Corp and SBC Communications present Verizon Communications and other rivals with potentially powerful new force in highly competitive corporate telecommunications market ; some analysts say Verizon , which has sought to gain corporate customers on it own , may want to abandon strategy ; say Verizon should consider bidding for AT & T , or perhaps seek another partner to fend off that threat ; photo ( M )
Among Mr. Capellas 's complaints is the general concern that Microsoft would not be allowed to accord Compaq special treatment in pricing and partnerships .
Kimberly-Clark chose Thompson because it felt that agency ''can meet our needs as we continue to grow around the world , '' Ms. Strong said .
AT & T is offering unlimited access to the Internet to its long-distance customers for only $ 19.95 a month -- or up to five hours of on-line time free a month for the first year .
The scale tipped both ways : Kohl 's , a few years ago the hottest retailing story in the country , fell far below its executives ' estimates for December : instead of a mid-single- digit increase over last year , the moderate-priced department store chain fell 1.2 percent .
Micron 's chairman , Steven R. Appleton , made plain his anger over the Hynix board 's surprise action on Tuesday , rejecting an agreement reached after months of negotiations among Micron , Hynix and the creditor banks that control Hynix 's finances .
Antitrust prosecutors said that today 's move was intended to open the contest and prevent Microsoft from leveraging its monopoly over the world 's market for computer operating systems into complete control over the World Wide Web .
The hiring of Deutsch is indicative of the changes General Motors is making in its agency lineup as it seeks to reverse a serious sales slump .
The walkout by 86,000 workers of Verizon , the nation 's largest telecommunications employer , has developed into one of the largest and most unruly strikes in years , raising questions about the company 's preparation for the contract talks and its handling of the walkout .
Yahoo said the number of answers in its database grew from 10 million in May to about 60 million now .
Citigroup , for example , has hired local lobbyists and has sent in staff lobbyists from other cities to make its case .
The sizable amount of the line of credit suggests that Electronic Arts may be seeking to buy a major competitor , like the game unit of Sega or Vivendi Universal Games , said Edward Williams , an analyst with Gerard Klauer Mattison .
Nevertheless , Intel expects to break the 2-gigahertz barrier by this summer , when Advanced Micro expects to release its 1.5-gigahertz Athlon chip .
Boeing and T.W.A .
On a conference call Thursday with securities analysts , George Morrow , Amgen 's executive vice president for global commercial operations , estimated that about 10 percent to 12 percent of Aranesp sales are for such ''anemia of cancer . ''
It was n't too long ago that the sleek and expansive test kitchens at ConAgra Foods were little more than decoration .
Jeffrey L. Bewkes was named president and chief operating officer of Time Warner yesterday , putting him in line to succeed the chief executive , Richard D. Parsons , who is fending off efforts by some investors to break up the company .
Microsoft plans to announce partnership with AT & T Wireless Services to offer wireless software and services ( S )
An I.B.M .
That budget , and the $ 20 billion war chest that Pfizer has amassed to buy promising discoveries from smaller companies , give Dr. LaMattina , an organic chemist by training , outsize influence in the pharmaceutical business .
That claim was made in March , when Kimberly-Clark agreed to a cease-and-desist order barring it from further accounting sins .
In the two-day hearing , which begins Thursday , Microsoft will explain that in spite of its best efforts to comply , the commission has set the company an impossible task .
He switched allegiance to General Motors and Chevrolet in 1953 , and by the 1970 's was one of the largest Chevy dealers in the country .
For example , the company said that it would add 200 Microsoft Innovation Centers in 25 countries in the next two years .
Though it provides almost no revenues to the company now , if it is linked to a network computer strategy , the server business could conceivably blossom when joined to inexpensive machines , said a person who has discussed the strategy with Apple managers .
People who have had an early peek at the new machines say they eschew the boxy look of Apple 's Powerbook line and appear ''organic and integrated . ''
Last Friday , Judge Kollar-Kotelly was assigned to take the case from Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of Federal District Court , who was found by the appeals court to have violated judicial ethics by making disparaging remarks about Microsoft and its senior executives in interviews with reporters .
The Microsoft announcement comes as major labels are four months into their own response to MP3 , the Secure Digital Music Initiative , which intends to create a set of standards for delivering copyright-protected music over the Internet and put them into effect by the holiday season .
The deal is reminiscent of earlier credit card acquisitions by Citigroup , including its purchase of the Sears and the Home Depot card portfolios in 2003 .
And Mr. Romm said the strength of the dollar had cost Coca-Cola about 2 cents a share in earnings on its international sales .
The site was originally home to a Ford factory , which was later bought by Northrop Grumman .
Entergy , which is based in New Orleans and operates plants in six states , took pains to note that its decision was not meant as a slap at the Bush administration .
Goldman Sachs Group reports record profits of $ 723 million or $ 1.48 per diluted share , in quarter ended Nov 26 , well exceeding $ 1.25-per-share forecast ; earnings were $ 756 million adjusted for conversion to public company ; net revenues were $ 3.47 billion , up 280 percent from year earlier ( S )
Dowbrands , unit of Dow Chemical Co , names BBDO Chicago to handle creative and media planning responsibilities for its Ziploc brand storage bags , which had been handled by Campbell Mithun Esty ; billings estimated at $ 20 million to $ 25 million ( S )
But Microsoft will go into the video business with a different business model .
The government 's decision to force Pfizer to withdraw the pain drug Bextra and add warnings to the label of a similar drug , Celebrex , has galvanized the informal network of lawyers pursuing death and injury suits aimed at the two drugs and their chemical relative , Vioxx .
Citigroup expects to move more than 9,500 positions , from back-office and call center positions to corporate staff , to lower-cost locations .
That 's an important element for Microsoft over time , '' Ms. Starita said .
Mr. Braun acknowledged some differences with Yahoo 's management -- his initial budget requests for this year were rejected , he said -- but he dismissed that as normal corporate back-and-forth .
But Mr. Mandresh said that I.B.M .
Amazon.com and Toys ''R '' Us announced yesterday that they had begun Imaginarium.com , an online store for specialty and educational toys .
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson interrupted when a Microsoft lawyer was questioning Richard L. Schmalensee , an economist and dean of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , about the price Microsoft charges for its industry-standard Windows operating system .
Correction : September 30 , 1999 , Thursday An article on Sept. 22 in the special E-Commerce section , about business services provided by I.B.M. , included a company erroneously among the 20 suppliers that sell their wares through an I.B.M .
After all , the case against Microsoft is being made in the name of consumer choice .
As the top executive of Citigroup , Mr. Weill presumably has much influence over the company 's charitable contributions .
''I.B.M .
But by early the next year , they had struck a compromise with Marsh and Aon , the two giants in the industry , that established the current conditions in the business -- on request , the brokers would identify the insurers with which they had these agreements and ''make a reasonable estimate of the revenue generated . ''
Some investors said they were disappointed that Carnival had not raised its bid today .
''Some people have serious adverse effects very early on '' when taking other pain relievers , said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter , Merck 's executive vice president for worldwide basic research .
Neither the brokers nor Mr. Spitzer would discuss the details of the investigation , which first became known when Aon disclosed it had been subpoenaed on April 22 .
''The Department of Justice received the case less than two weeks ago and it could not evaluate the highly fragmented enterprise software marketplace in such a brief time , '' a spokesman for Oracle , Jim Finn , said in a statement .
HYATT INTERNATIONAL is introducing a $ 10 million global advertising campaign to raise the profile of its three brands and compete more effectively against rivals like Bass , Marriott International and Starwood Hotels and Resorts .
SportsChannel added 25 Mets games to its original schedule of 75 this season , but it could not negotiate a deal with Time Warner to pay for the extra telecasts .
Citigroup 's corporate and investment bank had a strong quarter , as profits rose 36 percent , to $ 2.6 billion .
The stakes here were huge for Microsoft . ''
Yahoo said that it would still meet its financial goals for the third quarter , but that its profit and revenue would be toward the bottom end of its forecast range .
Shares of I.B.M .
As much as a year ago , even as Yahoo was readying its own auction site , eBay executives were holding exploratory conversations with the company about how to capitalize on Yahoo 's extensive distribution network .
But the Amazon service , developed by its search-focused subsidiary A9 , adds a novel twist : 20 million photos of buildings in 10 major United States cities , with more on the way .
In another contest , those Morgan Stanley branch managers who won were offered a trip to New York City .
But an executive close to Time Warner said that the company was aware of the June anniversary , even if it was not using it as an excuse for foot-dragging .
Whirlpool closed unchanged , at $ 37.88 , in heavy trading on the Big Board , though at one point in today 's session it had been off as much as $ 6.61 .
Microsoft 's aim , the company says , is to curry favor with the apparent Republican presidential nominee , hoping he will speak out against the government 's case -- and , perhaps , take a softer approach toward the company if he is elected president .
Amazon.com said its books , music and video division is now profitable .
He had worked mainly in the telecommunications equipment business at Motorola and Western Atlas .
Yesterday , in an e-mail message , the lead author on both of those studies , Dr. Jonathan Sackner-Bernstein of North Shore Medical Center in Manhasset , N.Y. , criticized Johnson & Johnson for what he called its failure to conduct a definitive study of the drug 's safety .
The push underscores a broader trend for Boeing , company officials and analysts say .
Dow Corning Corp , year-and-half after it turned to bankruptcy court to avoid drowning in tidal wave of lawsuits over breast implants , proposes to set aside $ 3 billion to pay all creditors , including up to $ 2 billion for injury claims linked to silicone implants ; but Dow Corning 's plan includes provisions for a trial on whether there is any scientific basis for contentions that silicone leading from ruptured or defective breast implants causes disease ; company says that if it won that trial , its payments for implant claims should be no more than $ 600 million ; amount earmarked for commercial creditors is $ 1 billion ( M )
A.T. & T. announced late Friday afternoon that it would increase its investment in the Go Corporation , the leading maker of pen computing software , and turn it into a subsidiary of Eo Inc. , the maker of a notebook-sized wireless communicator that runs Go 's Penpoint software .
gained $ 1.60 , to $ 119.04 ; Intel rose $ 1.14 , to $ 29.90 ; and Hewlett-Packard rose 90 cents , to $ 30.75 .
The governor took pains to point out that Pfizer 's decision ''had nothing to do with Michigan being an expensive place '' and that there was ''nothing that Michigan could have done '' to prevent the job losses .
Deeply attached to the card , Mr. Purcell turned back such demands , and when Dean Witter merged with Morgan Stanley in 1997 the card was considered to be a central plank of his vision of the new company as a diversified financial services company .
Sony said it was shouldering much of the cost of the Dell and Apple recalls , which it estimated would cost as much as 30 billion yen , or $ 258 million .
For his part , Mr. Wieden said Wieden & Kennedy would not dismiss the employees who have worked on the Microsoft account .
The deal would make it possible for Comcast to exchange its stake in Time Warner Cable for parts of Adelphia 's networks without incurring the tax liability that a sale of that stake would create , industry analysts said .
The move by the three Bell companies highlights their intensifying battle with A.T. & T. , a turn of events hastened by technology advances that few imagined when the telephone monopoly was broken up in 1984 .
The announcement makes Vail the second-largest corporate buyer of wind energy in the nation , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , after Whole Foods Market Inc. , the big supermarket chain that went to all wind power earlier this year .
For the quarter ended March 31 , the News Corporation reported net earnings of $ 275 million , or 21 cents an American depository receipt , compared with a net loss of $ 4 billion , or $ 3.16 an A.D.R. , in the period a year earlier , which included a $ 4.1 billion write-down of its investment in Gemstar-TV Guide International .
Another microphone supplied by Intel picks up other instruments , like drums and guitars .
The initial ''Be bright '' ads did not include prices for the merchandise or play up Wal-Mart mainstays like rollbacks , the company 's term for price cuts .
Its board so far has backed the lower bid from the company that can best afford it , Verizon , rather than the higher bid from Qwest , a company that is , to put it gently , financially challenged .
Motorola also reported that orders for its wireless phones fell 23 percent , but it attributed much of the decline to unusual market conditions .
For all of yesterday 's talk about broadband , the cable is still the thing for companies like Comcast and perhaps for Mediaone , which split from U S West , the Bell local phone giant , just last year .
AT & T 's PlayMail service offers the opportunity to send your own free , animated characters that can read text messages aloud .
''Best Buy excludes computers from its extended holiday returns policy , '' he said .
This group uses guidelines established by Procter & Gamble to determine whether specific episodes might cause concern .
The company also chose Charlie Bell , the president of McDonald 's Europe , to become the president and chief operating officer of the McDonald 's Corporation .
Several computer security software firms said yesterday that they had already begun to see software tool kits that exploited the vulnerability , and Microsoft officials noted that they had seen some limited attacks .
A cappuccino at an Illy shop in Paris costs 3.50 euros , or $ 4.65 , similar to the price at Starbucks .
In an interview , Mr. Henley blamed larger economic conditions for the slower-than-desired revenue from applications , but he also said the rollout of the new applications software , Oracle 11i , introduced last year , ''took longer to sort out than expected . ''
Mr. Ender of CBS said the show has attracted plenty of other advertisers for the new season but declined to name them .
No American corporation was more profitable than Exxon last year , and Mobil was also among the top performers .
The sales slowdown could not come at a worse time for Priceline , which has faced complaints over its service and fierce competition from both traditional travel agencies and the airlines that supply its tickets .
Citigroup is planning job cuts in its investment banking and corporate banking businesses , with more than 1,000 employees to be dismissed ; analysts say additional layoffs are not surprising given continued weak demand for banking services like advice on mergers , as well as for offerings of stocks and bonds ( M )
''We feel like it is really important that the DVD business stays healthy and stays quite central to consumers ' lives , '' said Kevin Swint , a divisional merchandising manager at Wal-Mart .
IBM technologists will describe new details of their next-generation chip-making system that uses beams of electrons , rather than light waves , to etch circuits onto chips ; company believes technology will make it possible in future to shrink individual circuits to size nearly as small as atoms ; new system is being developed in cooperation with Nikon Corp ; it is creating excitement in semiconductor industry , since cost of light-wave etching is rising to levels that may soon be prohibitive ( M )
Eight dissident executives fighting for control of Morgan Stanley submit third letter to firm 's directors , asking for meeting to discuss their criticism of chief executive Philip J Purcell ; letter poses 14 questions to directors , raising doubts about conduct of board and Purcell with relation to recent departure of several executives , proposed spinoff of Discover credit card unit and regulatory and legal scrapes that have embroiled Morgan Stanley ; letter comes amid signs that some public pension funds may join campaign against Purcell 's leadership ; California Public Employees ' Retirement System , or Calpers , says it is 'concerned about the issue ' and that it is considering asking for meeting with Morgan Stanley ; Calpers owns 5.9 million shares of company ; such meeting would follow critical comments from Orin S Kramer , hedge fund manager who handles $ 70 billion New Jersey pension fund ; letter also asks if board approved Purcell 's decision to force resignations of Vikram S Pandit , John P Havens and Stephan F Newhouse , senior executives who left in days after Purcell 's management shake-up ; photos ( M )
AT & T Netware Connect Services will be jointly marketed , initially in the United States ; AT & T will market the service directly , and Novell will sell it through its dealers and distributors .
The Justice Department and 19 states suing Microsoft -- advised by a small group of economists , business school and law professors -- are scrambling to devise a set of remedial steps to recommend to the court if the Government wins the case .
Citigroup and its investment banking unit , Salomon Smith Barney , historically have done banking work for Edison International and PG & E , the parent companies of the state 's biggest utilities .
''Steve and I have worked closely for the past five years on everything related to PepsiCo , '' she said , ''from long-term strategy to day-to-day business .
Now , with Marriott and Progress Energy , the I.R.S .
Shares of General Electric rose $ 1.04 , to $ 38.95 , yesterday .
Beth Keck , a Wal-Mart spokeswoman , said the company was studying the lawsuit .
Verizon customers who sign up directly with MSN for D.S.L .
In a deal to help speed the development of in-car electronic services , the Ford Motor Company and Peugeot Citroen of France announced that they would form an alliance to cooperate in automotive design and the development of wireless services like cell phone and Internet access and entertainment channels .
According to Halliburton , it ''would have been entirely up to Ingersoll-Rand '' to establish a new pension plan for the workers under 55 , matching the benefits they had lost as a result of the spinoff .
Although Intel dominates the microprocessor market for personal computers , ''I think Intel would have to admit they do n't have a product that plays in this space , '' he said .
Raytheon rose 68.75 cents , to $ 54.875 .
''All of International Paper businesses are expected to meet specific performance objectives , including progress towards achieving an average 12 percent return on investment over a business cycle , having market leadership within their industry and developing technological superiority , '' Mr. Dillon added .
Last week , after Apple Computer unveiled the Motorola Rokr , a cellphone with Apple music software , there was immediate criticism in online discussion groups of the device 's miserly 100-song limit .
After Procter & Gamble was criticized for taking its best-known brands for granted , it began casting off ancillary products like Spic and Span to devote its resources to jump-starting sales of its global powerhouses .
Now the case goes to appeal , where Microsoft believes it can overturn everything that happened in Judge Jackson 's courtroom .
Microsoft Corp 's drive into global market for interactive digital media is focused on WebTV , start-up company it bought in April ; company sells World Wide Web and E-mail access delivered via television sets rather than desktop computers ; its first Internet Terminal set-top box was slow , expensive and awkward to use ; its new WebTV Plus Receiver is significant improvement and much more advanced than its competitors ; product has redefined genre it created ; photo ( M )
A campaign for the light version of Coca-Cola -- heavy on sensual situations , handled with cheeky humor -- will carry the theme ''You are what you drink . ''
''And what Amazon is doing is making sure that they are there .
Yesterday , Procter & Gamble renamed and reorganized its Corporate New Ventures division .
John J. Mack , who was named Morgan Stanley 's chairman and chief executive last Thursday , has agreed to a five-year contract that will pay him as much as $ 25 million a year for the next year and a half -- or in the me-too meritocracy of Wall Street , at least as much as the average of his high-paid peers .
In addition , the Kentucky state attorney general 's office said yesterday that Microsoft had approached the state about settlement talks .
After older I.B.M .
It was Euro RSCG DSW that teamed up with Intel , the world 's largest producer of microprocessors , to introduce the ''Intel inside '' campaign , which revolutionized high-technology marketing by transforming the computer chip from a commodity to a branded product aimed at consumers as much as at business users .
Vivendi SA of France to acquire Pathe SA , country 's biggest film producing and distribution company , for $ 2 billion in stock ; complex deal promises to push forward consolidation already under way in European television business ; deal tightens Vivendi 's grip on Canal Plus , its television affiliate , and gives it 17 percent stake in British Sky Broadcasting , television company controlled by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp ; deal raises speculation that Vivendi might try to restart negotiations to merge Canal Plus and B Sky B , two largest pay-for-view television companies in Europe ; earlier talks broke down ( M )
Microsoft Seeks to Defuse Privacy Worries
In its public relations battle with Boeing , Airbus has encountered one rough spot .
But in asking the arbitrators to strike their reference to the research settlement , Morgan Stanley is pursuing an unusual tack .
Floyd Norris column says post-Enron morality is being applied to pre-Enron practices , with banks and Wall Street firms being held accountable for financial wizardry they once worked to make companies look better than they really were ; cites Parmalat 's lawsuit against Bank of America over $ 80 million loan and prosecution of four Merrill Lynch executives over Nigerian barge deal with Enron ; graph ( M )
Once you reach home , the Nike+iPod can connect to your PC or Mac and upload data about your run .
Lazard is being paid a $ 5 million fee as well as 5 percent of whatever Mr. Icahn 's dissident group makes on its Time Warner shares above $ 18 over the next 18 months .
For me , The Merck is a talisman against the frightening unknown .
Microsoft began selectively sharing its source code a few years ago , in what it calls a shared-source program .
Time Warner and CBS in Pact on Digital TV
Kenneth S. Abramowitz , an analyst and managing director of the Carlyle Group , a private equity fund , said it was difficult for a company like Aetna , which deliberately reduced its membership by more than two million last year , to know ''exactly what the mix of business is . ''
In recent years , Microsoft has poured money and personnel into responding to bugs , and has improved its relations with those who publicize them , Mudge said .
The son of a grocer in Mooresville , N.C. , Mr. Mack graduated from Duke in 1968 and joined Morgan Stanley 's bond division in 1972 .
The AT & T cable division said it lost 179,000 subscribers in the first quarter , with about 13.4 million customers .
With less than a week to go until a European antitrust ruling is scheduled to take effect , Microsoft is about to ask the second-highest court in Europe to block the order temporarily .
At the same time , Intel is extending its reach , moving into the business of graphics chips used in multimedia computing .
NextPage 1.5 , a document-tracking system for Microsoft Office files , provides a way to lasso multiple copies of a document and make sure no one is working on an outdated version .
The Pentagon approved a compromise plan yesterday that paves the way for the Air Force to acquire 100 Boeing 767 's for use as aerial refueling tankers , ending months of controversy over a program that became a test case for the Pentagon 's ability to lease major military equipment .
Cisco , based in San Jose , Calif. , has invested $ 75 million in India since 1996 .
News Corp agrees to sell TV Guide to United Video Satellite Group Inc for $ 2 billion in cash and stock ; TV Guide combination with United Video 's Prevue Networks , which scrolls schedules of broadcast and cable programming on cable television , promises new avenue of growth ; Prevue Networks is in 50 million cable households in the United States and 3 million homes overseas ; United Video is owned by two companies that in turn are in turn controlled by Tele-Communications ; charts ; photos ( M )
After decades of working at the Dow Chemical Company , these old-timers have dispersed , joining the free-for-all world of online exchanges .
''It 's gone and past ; it 's a great tornado that zoomed through and left , '' said Pam Wickham , a spokeswoman at General Electric .
In every case , Apple 's goal was obvious : to create products so simple and creative that people would say , ''iWant , iLove , iBuy . ''
system also handles a large amount of I.B.M .
AT & T said yesterday that it would offer its telephone customers five hours of free Internet access each month for a year , bringing computer network service a step closer to becoming a utility like electricity or water .
World Business Briefing | Asia : Japan : Starbucks Profit Falls
Mr. Coghlan left Charles Schwab in May 2003 because he wanted a chance at becoming a chief executive .
The occasion was a high-profile announcement by Microsoft of its entry into the businesses of downloading and streaming -- or listening in real time -- music from the Internet with its Windows Media Technologies 4.0 .
Wall Street analysts focused on the growth in the applications business , given that Oracle introduced a new application product , 11i , last May into the hotly contested market .
Observers were quick to note the irony of the brouhaha over the proposed merger of Staples and Office Depot .
The new release is seen as a direct attack both on the market-leading Office XP and on Microsoft 's pricing model , called Software Assurance , which was announced along with the current version of Office a year ago .
Several people close to the talks said a key topic was whether America Online 's access software would be included in the consumer version of Microsoft 's new Windows XP operating system , which goes on sale on Oct. 25 .
In an internal memorandum sent yesterday to Xerox employees , executives defended the company 's accounting practices .
''I call this a sparkler campaign , a fresh , new way of introducing the same messages , the same ideas , '' said Maureen McGuire , vice president for worldwide marketing and integrated marketing communications at I.B.M .
Stepping up its feud with Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. , the Ford Motor Company said today that some of the tires it began replacing last month failed even more often than those recalled last autumn .
Judges Stress Intellectual Property in Microsoft Appeal
That deal , in which Time Warner essentially sold itself to AOL for inflated Internet stock during the market bubble , wreaked havoc on the company 's share price and led to a management purge .
When Comcast agreed in December to acquire AT & T 's cable division for about $ 47 billion in stock , part of what Comcast agreed to buy was AT & T 's stake .
He promised that the next generation of hand-held computers using a Microsoft operating system would be able to run the improved software .
In a nod to Whole Foods , they are adding more organic and natural food items and selling more prepared foods for quick lunches and dinners .
''To date , such fiscal stimulus packages have not led to sustained economic growth , but rather are increasing domestic debt substantially , '' Moody 's said .
A.T. & T. and the Lotus Development Corporation officially announced a widely anticipated marketing and development deal yesterday that will make the popular Lotus Notes computer software available to businesses dialing into an A.T. & T. public network .
Even great companies like Cisco could n't possibly justify their lofty valuations .
EBay , the online auction giant , paid $ 2.5 billion for Skype in October 2005 , prompting criticism from some analysts that it had overpaid for a start-up company focused on a different market and technology .
Motorola said that it hopes to license its discovery to other manufacturers widely and quickly .
Microsoft , which spends more than $ 200 million for campaigns aimed at businesses , hopes the campaign will convince companies that Microsoft can help them achieve their goals in the digital world .
Halliburton 's other main line of business , the Energy Services Group , posted operating income in that quarter of $ 271 million , up from $ 36 million a year earlier , on revenue of $ 1.9 billion .
The offers , these people said , came from some of the company 's big rivals like GlaxoSmithKline and Johnson & Johnson , as well as a British household cleaning products maker , Reckitt Benckiser .
By turning down the deal , Netscape , they say , would not have that preferred access to Microsoft technology -- a threat that Microsoft fiercely denies making .
Court Allows Iridium Creditors To Sue Motorola for Billions
The move proved calamitous for Time Warner when the company was criticized by consumers , editorial writers and politicians in New York and Washington .
Priceline said it added more than 890,000 customers during the first quarter .
AT & T executives say the same kinds of tensions have been creeping into overseas ventures .
General Motors will start building its forthcoming Hummer H3 sport utility vehicle at a plant in South Africa by the end of next year and intends to sell 10,000 of the vehicles annually in Europe and the Middle East , the company said yesterday .
Its Netscape subsidiary , the commercial pioneer in Web browsing software and the star witness in the government 's antitrust case against Microsoft , has shriveled .
Tad Piper , an analyst with Piper Jaffray , said he thought Oracle 's actions in the last eight months had negatively affected PeopleSoft 's business .
Analysts said that Merck might have to increase the offer significantly to get Schering 's board and investors to agree to a deal .
The Boeing Company released quarterly results yesterday that were better than expected , and it tried to assure investors made wary by a string of unpleasant surprises over the last 16 months that it was finally turning itself around .
Wall Street analysts had expected Cisco to earn 19 cents a share , according to First Call/Thomson Financial , but the company reported earnings today of 18 cents a share .
Mr. Scott of Morgan Stanley made more of an issue of rising pay , saying that it and the firm 's fast pace of hiring ''took their toll '' during the quarter .
EBay Beats the Estimates For 4th-Quarter Earnings
News Corporation Promotes 2 Executives to Top Posts
Mattel declined to comment on the case .
Yahoo , by far biggest search engine on Internet , says it will display listings from sites that pay money ahead of sites that were chosen by its editors ; paid listings will be provided by Overture Services , formerly GoTo.com , which has similar arrangements with America Online , Lycos and parts of Microsoft 's MSN ( S )
So far , more than 100,000 women have taken the course , according to a Home Depot spokesman , David B. Sandor .
Home Depot Board Ousts Chief , Saying Goodbye With Big Check
Their Windows XP Service Pack 2 , which was released to computer makers last week and will soon be more widely available to XP users , includes an improved version of Internet Explorer that blocks pop-ups , stymies spyware and addresses recent security concerns , said Gary Schare , Microsoft 's director of security product management for Windows .
The combination of higher prices and greater numbers of prescriptions raised spending in 2002 by 18.5 percent , to $ 585.60 for each Express Scripts member , in contrast to $ 493.20 the year before .
Motorola also plans to introduce new high-end phones in hopes of regaining an edge over competitors , which will include Apple when it begins selling its iPhone in June .
Then , on March 3 , Kodak 's chief financial officer , Harry L. Kavetas , appeared at an office equipment industry conference sponsored by Salomon Smith Barney and told analysts they could expect Kodak to ''strengthen and broaden '' its communications with investors .
In June 1993 , AT & T agreed to pay $ 818,000 to the Warwick Savings Bank in Warwick , N.Y. , after a private arbitration proceeding in which the bank had accused NCR of fraudulently inducing it to buy a system that was missing important features .
But the opinion was also hailed by federal and state officials for affirming the principle that Microsoft had bullied smaller software rivals , computer makers and other large companies like the chip maker Intel , and had broken the law in ways that stifled competition .
Home Depot Gets a Fresh Coat Of Less-Glossy Paint ; Lower-Key New Chief Moves Quickly With His Vision of Renovation
They said he was working with Stanislav Shpigelman , 23 , an analyst in Merrill Lynch 's mergers and acquisitions department , and Eugene Plotkin , a 26-year-old Harvard graduate who was an associate in the Goldman Sachs bond research department until he was suspended yesterday .
Look only at the outrage vented at Time Warner by its customers , as well as regulators and lawmakers , when the public could not find out who wanted to be a millionaire .
Britain is building a national grid , linking nine research centers from Southampton to Edinburgh to Belfast , and I.B.M .
Bristol-Myers said it would invest up to $ 20 million in Somatix Therapy Inc. , a gene-therapy company in Alameda , Calif. , and Biogen planned to invest as much as $ 35 million over the next five years in Genovo Inc. , a newly formed company based in Philadelphia .
From computers to hand-held devices to set-top boxes for digital television , it is hard to find a European version of Sun Microsystems or Oracle , two American companies that have lobbied hard for a breakup of Microsoft .
Microsoft has been increasingly positioning itself to address that market , as it has earmarked markets beyond the personal computer for future growth .
The acquisition would give Yahoo greater ability to compete with Google in providing comprehensive Internet search services .
For the second time in less than a week , Hasbro Inc. in Pawtucket , R.I. , has consolidated brand advertising in the United States , this time for its games business , with billings estimated at $ 70 million to $ 80 million for products like Monopoly , Scrabble , Risk and Clue .
In the 17 months since the ruling , Microsoft and the commission have been arguing over how the company should share its technical data with competitors .
Ford Motor 's much-delayed Internet service has begun doing business , but only in nine states ; in seven of those states Web will quote only manufacturer 's suggested retail price ; customers will have to send e-mail message to dealer to ask for lower price ; only in New Jersey and Delaware is new service , known as FordDirect.com , quoting prices below suggested retail price , and customers must still visit dealers to actually buy new car or truck ( M )
Given the relative size of fines levied [ $ 1.4 billion ] , along with e-mail evidence already released by regulators , it would appear that Merrill Lynch has the most exposure here , with Morgan Stanley , Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns and Goldman Sachs considerably less so .
Apple Computer Rolls Out New Assemblage of iMacs
war has been a bad thing , '' said Ian Blanton , the Internet services administrator for the Air Force Research Laboratory at Hanscom Air Force Base in Massachusetts , using computerese for ''operating system '' -- the product at the heart of the Microsoft-Apple rivalry .
Bob Lester , 18 , of Burlington , Ontario , said he dedicates several hours a day to screening ''because I think this Web site has the potential to become a part of North American culture , much like eBay . ''
It should come as no surprise that the Coca-Cola Company developed a program to discourage restaurant customers from drinking tap water ( Business Day , Aug. 20 ) .
Microsoft 's chairman , Bill Gates , made an alliance with Samsung Electronics last week and outlined a sweeping view of the next stage of the digital revolution , one that involves high-speed access and household gadgets .
J. C. Flowers will take a 49.2 percent stake , while Bank of America and JPMorgan will each take 24.9 percent .
Fierce struggle is under way among senior Pentagon officials over proposal by Northrop Grumman to build 40 more B-2 stealth bombers over coming decade for about $ 30 billion ; senior leadership of Air Force adamantly opposes bat-winged planes because of their high cost , while Sec Doanld H Rumsfeld 's policy analysts view B-2 as kind of advanced weapons system that could transform way US wages war ; photo ( M )
The acquisition of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. announced yesterday by A.T. & T. has knocked over the investment game board for the telecommunications industry .
Pfizer has always straddled a line marketing Viagra , insisting that the drug treats a serious medical condition , impotence , and deserves insurance coverage , while promoting the drug with wink-and-a-nod ads that have irritated regulators .
Mr. Tripodi , now a senior vice president and the chief marketing officer at Allstate , has watched the ad industry evolve since he got into marketing at International Business Machines in 1977 .
is expected to announce its findings on a number of protests previously filed by Lockheed and BAE Systems on contracts that Ms. Druyun awarded to Boeing and that she now admits were tainted .
Verizon Airfone said the new plan was adopted to increase use of the in-seat phones , which have not generated enough revenue .
Nor would they discuss whether the government would oppose an effort by Microsoft to have any remedies postponed until after the case is reviewed by higher courts , a process that may take another two years .
RealNetworks has come under increasing pressure from Microsoft , which gives away both its media player and server software as part of the Windows operating system .
The German Merck produces the cancer drug Erbitux as well as generic drugs , chemicals like paint pigments and liquid-crystal displays used in television .
If Verizon does sell the New England lines , it would most likely be to a smaller company or private equity group that could be even less capable of offering fast Internet access .
And The Wall Street Journal reported two weeks ago that Kodak was testing in undisclosed markets a low-priced brand of film called Colorburst .
''As we enter a more competitive world with them , we see these occur more often , '' said Chris Creager , who oversees Verizon 's phone network in Virginia , West Virginia , Maryland and the District of Columbia .
But Microsoft argued that all he had done was to hide it .
Lycos , the second-most- popular Internet search company after Yahoo , tumbled $ 26.50 , to $ 104.50 .
''The fact that so many states have joined the federal government in supporting this agreement is a very significant positive step toward resolving these issues once and for all , '' said Bill Gates , the co-founder and chairman of Microsoft .
Japan 's All Nippon Airways formalizes its purchase of 45 737-700 passenger jets from Boeing Co ; graph ( S ) 3
Aon said the attacks would ''likely have an unfavorable impact '' on its earnings in the immediate future .
Yes , that Microsoft , whose palmtop software was mocked by Palm employees for years as bloated and inefficient .
The reason , he explained , was that Intel thought that the release date for the next-generation operating system might well slip into 1996 .
When Boeing announced a review of all its operations earlier this year , promising to eliminate planes that were ''value destroyers , '' many analysts speculated that the 717 was at the top of the list .
CBS excelled primarily in its features .
Microsoft Corp will occupy two floors of Hong Kong 's Cyberport , struggling project that is supposed to create campuslike setting for information technology businesses ( S )
Texas Instruments Inc. , the leading maker of semiconductors for mobile phones , reported a greater-than-expected decline in second-quarter profit yesterday , attributing it to weak prices for memory chips .
Research and development is crucial to Intel 's hopes of fending off Advanced Micro Devices and Transmeta , which design chips for a much narrower range of products .
Coca-Cola and Procter Call Off Joint Venture
One lender who acquired a piece of the debtor financing said that he had not heard from J.P. Morgan and Citigroup , and felt it was premature to worry about how the loan would be repaid .
But Verizon 's chief executive , Ivan Seidenberg , said yesterday that he met last week with his counterpart at Vodafone , Arun Sarin , who said he was ''extremely pleased '' with its Verizon Wireless stake .
Procter & Gamble Co is expected to announce next week that it will cut thousands of jobs worldwide , close several underperforming plants and take huge charge to become more competitive and improve profits ; reorganization will give investors first detailed look at where new chief executive Durk I Jager is steering the company ; most cuts are expected to take place outside US ( M )
board of directors has authorized proceeding with further discussions with News Corporation and Sky Global Networks , '' G.M .
Microsoft 's products will connect its Exchange Server e-mail system to advanced Internet-based PBX systems as well as traditional ones and make it possible to view voice mail in an Outlook inbox .
A senior executive at a major TV network said Microsoft had not yet received commitments from the networks to supply programming to its online store .
As the disappointing second quarter suggests , the semiconductor business accounts for very little of I.B.M .
''They turned science into science fiction , '' he said of Merck , later referring to the company 's ''Merck-y ethics . ''
Wal-Mart Watch said it received the postings from a disgruntled manager .
The page ( http : //dailynews.yahoo.com/h/mt/us /dailynews/ ? u ) lists the 20 most-frequently forwarded stories and the dozen photos in the previous six hours from Yahoo News .
The judge hearing the case , Federico A. Moreno of Federal District Court , ruled last month that the lawyers who represent health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act against Aetna , Cigna and United Healthcare .
As part of the outsourcing deals , 1,060 I.B.M .
In August 1996 , in what was viewed by analysts as an embarrassment to Pepsi , the Cisneros Group , an independent franchise Pepsi bottler for 45 years , formed a joint venture with Coca-Cola .
Kodak executives , many of whom turned up for a meeting with analysts in New York yesterday , rushed to put a positive spin on the continuing transformation .
I.B.M .
Morgan Stanley and other Wall Street firms will not soon forget his name .
At issue are ratings issued by Claire Kent , the analyst in charge of Morgan Stanley 's research on luxury goods companies , whose recommendations are widely followed by investors .
Ted Turner seeks strategy to give United Nations agencies up to $ 1 billion over 10 years while retaining for as long as possible his 10 percent stake in Time Warner ( M )
Since then , a Pfizer cox-2 drug , Bextra , has also been withdrawn .
'' said Katy Hunter , group product manager for Windows Server , the Microsoft operating system for computers that acts as a hub for small networks of desktop computers and other devices .
''Will this prevent AOL Time Warner from becoming the most powerful company in digital media ?
Intel 's 600-MHz Pentium III is $ 669 ; the 550-MHz processor is $ 658 ; the 500-MHz processor is $ 423 , and the 450-MHz processor is $ 230 .
For the full year , AT & T reported $ 7.36 billion in net income , or $ 1.89 a share , a 54 percent increase over the $ 4.79 billion , or $ 1.42 a share , last year .
Wall Street analysts were reluctant to credit euphoria over the victory of Deep Blue , I.B.M .
Motorola also displayed a new music phone , the Rokr Z6 , and discussed a new multimedia phone , the Z8 , which takes pictures , downloads video and plays music and games .
Mark Goldstein , chief marketing officer at Fallon Worldwide in Minneapolis , part of the Publicis Groupe , said yesterday that he would leave after 11 years to assume posts being created for him at units of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York .
But he said the company would be up against fierce competition from Boeing , which he said was able to make subsidized military sales abroad because of generous treatment by the Pentagon .
General Mills is among the largest Saatchi New York clients ; another is Procter & Gamble .
Currently , Merck has just over 63,000 full-time employees , approximately 8,300 of whom work in New Jersey .
By the same reasoning , other media companies might see the virtue in finding a partner with Internet competence -- as did Time Warner , whose decision to sell out is a tacit admission that the biggest and most talented publishers and studio executives have been at a loss to figure out how to apply their talents to new media .
He is now suing American , a unit of the AMR Corporation , and Boeing in Federal District Court here , accusing them of failing to take proper preventive measures that would help passengers avoid blood clots .
But American Express has also signed agreements with 12 property management companies nationwide that represent nearly 130,000 apartments .
Motorola has also stepped up efforts to license its semiconductor technology to others .
The sale by Airbus , the jet consortium jointly owned by four European companies , based in Toulouse , France , is particularly painful to Boeing because virtually every major executive at New Air came from carriers that fly the 737 .
Morgan Stanley also provided some early signs that the recent stock market revival has begun to attract retail investors .
The Ford Motor Company reported higher earnings today for the fourth quarter and all of 1996 , despite continued losses in the European and Latin American divisions .
While Clorox would not disclose billings involved in the shifts , which take effect Aug. 30 , they were estimated to exceed $ 40 million .
The deals reinforce a growing rivalry between America Online and Microsoft , which announced last week that it had invested $ 5 billion in the AT & T Corporation to prepare for the convergence of telecommunications and computing .
A Few Worries For Wal-Mart In Sales Report
Until now , Yahoo gave top billing to the advertisers who were willing to bid the most to have their ads listed alongside a particular search result .
Club members will still receive 17 mailings a year , each with a monthly selection that they can accept or reject , but those books will be chosen by the club 's staff based on a member 's previous purchases and expressed interests , much like the recommendations of Amazon.com .
Verizon Communications is expected to write down up to $ 700 million of its $ 1.7 billion investment in struggling Metromedia Fiber , which builds fiber optic networks in metropolitan areas ; move reflects capacity glut on fiber optic networks ( M )
Brooke White , a Nordstrom spokeswoman in Seattle , said the decision came after a four-month review that had been narrowed to Fallon McElligott and the Los Angeles office of Saatchi & Saatchi .
I.B.M .
Ford Motor and the Chrysler Group , a division of DaimlerChrysler , responded with similar deals last month .
A Federal grand jury in Washington is examining I.B.M .
And I.B.M .
But the Mall of America has been managed by one of the Ghermezians ' partners , Simon Property Group , the largest retail real estate investment trust in the United States .
AT & T rejects as inadequate bids for its cable television division , AT & T Broadband , from AOL Time Warner , Comcast and Cox Communications ; is hoping bidders will improve their offers to acceptable range , probably over $ 40 billion , but appears leaning toward spinoff of unit into independent company ; Microsoft Corp is likely to end up with bigger stake in AT & T Broadband no matter how transaction plays out ( M )
There may be no company that has outdone Coca-Cola in selling heritage and history .
Verizon Would Extend Connecticut Long Distance
Microsoft 's restrictions , however , have prevented it from meeting what it perceives to be consumer demand . ''
My concern about the Wal-Martization of the Mexican landscape is not purely ethnocentric or cultural .
Mr. Zumwinkel , a former partner at McKinsey & Company who sits on the board of Morgan Stanley , said Deutsche Post would be flexible about pursuing an offering , based on changing market conditions .
Among the Interpublic agencies that work for Bank of America are Draft , Initiative , Jack Morton Worldwide and R/GA .
Cable companies , satellite television services , media conglomerates and Microsoft have all made interactive television a key part of their strategic visions .
Joe is made by Hasbro .
As part of the agreement , AT & T will take over many computer operations at Delta , the nation 's third-largest airline .
But Cisco may still have some trust and credibility issues to overcome .
Microsoft 's partners , its corporate customers and professional investors who finance new ventures have all collided with it .
The proposed deal would also enable A.T. & T. to buy an option for $ 100 million from the controlling shareholders of McCaw Cellular , including Craig McCaw , the chairman .
''By settling this case , '' added Mr. Shapiro , a former senior official in the Justice Department 's antitrust division and a consultant to Intel , ''the commission avoids putting the debatable theory behind its complaint to the test . ''
Blaming order cancellations by large customers and general slowdowns in the world economy , Intel said it expected revenue for the fourth quarter to be flat from the previous quarter , when revenue totaled $ 8.7 billion .
After carefully considering the voluminous record on appeal -- including the District Court 's Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law , the testimony and exhibits submitted at trial , the parties ' briefs , and the oral arguments before this court -- we find that some but not all of Microsoft 's liability challenges have merit .
The court ruling could cause some uncertainty among software developers working with Microsoft 's version of Java , Mr. Tarter said .
In the summer of 1998 , Thomas Stemberg , chief executive of Staples Inc. , the $ 10 billion office supply superstore chain , went before his board to plead for the go-ahead to implement an aggressive e-business strategy .
''We can see in the preliminary numbers that employees taking part have improved their compliance , '' said Jill Berger , the vice president for health and welfare at Marriott , which covers 160,000 hotel and resort workers and dependents .
Spinning off part of the satellite company to the public would also be a way for News Corporation shareholders to realize a higher value from the satellite holdings .
The center spearheaded a coalition of groups that filed a complaint in July 2001 contending that Microsoft 's privacy practices , and especially the new Windows XP operating system and services like Passport , ''are designed to obtain personal information from consumers in the United States unfairly and deceptively . ''
Aetna shares jumped $ 3.81 , to $ 36.81 , yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The purchase is the latest in a series of acquisitions that Citigroup , the nation 's largest bank , has made in its consumer business , which is earning strong profits as a weak stock market has consumers shifting assets into savings accounts and certificates of deposit .
General Electric , which has been aggressively expanding the list of products and services that it sells on the World Wide Web , plans to announce today that it will offer online banking on its consumer-oriented financial Web site .
It is the eighth consecutive quarter of lower profits at Morgan Stanley , which has struggled along with the rest of Wall Street through an extremely rough period .
But when Microsoft announces in New York today that machines using its Tablet PC software will be introduced on Nov. 7 , the emphasis will be on using pen-based features to enhance conventional notebook computers .
General Motors will temporarily lay off more than 10,000 workers for one to four weeks early next year at five plants that mostly produce sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks ; move is further sign that sales of largest SUV 's are under pressure amid unusually high gas prices ( M )
Some 16 months after moving from the National Semiconductor Corporation to take the top job at faltering Apple , Mr. Amelio has earned analysts ' respect by improving operating procedures at the formerly free-form company and pushing to get new hardware off the drawing board and out the door .
The Next Trick for Amazon.com : Auctions
A monthly fee has not been announced , but a Comcast representative said it would offer TiVo as a premium alternative to its current generic DVR , which it leases for $ 11.95 a month .
Sony Music and Universal Music will make their vast catalogs of music available by subscription over Yahoo , allowing users to listen to songs over Internet or possibly download them onto their computers ( M )
''We set the goal , '' Mr. Bush told the DuPont employees .
Market Place ; Aetna is a reminder of the dark side to Cigna 's outlook .
When I.B.M .
Under Mr. Armstrong , AT & T 's approach to the digital transition was to buy two major cable television companies , Tele-Communications Inc. in 1999 and the MediaOne Group in 2000 .
Kevin P. Mitchell , chairman of the Business Travel Coalition , which represents business travelers and corporate travel departments , said Boeing executives were much too bullish about the industry 's recovery .
The quarterly results suggest that Apple is managing its business efficiently during a difficult period for the personal computer business and the economy .
Intel has been developing the new Xeon processors under the code-name Paxville .
Regulators were concerned , according to that report , that pediatricians were turning to Diflucan because of dissatisfaction with an older medication and because published studies , some sponsored by Pfizer , reported that Diflucan was superior .
The rest of the industry derided the iMacs as ''Life-Savers , '' but then several companies ineptly tried to echo Apple 's design , mostly by slapping colored panels onto conventional desktop machines .
Of course , Mr. Coughlin 's long history as a chief financial officer may prompt speculation on the Street about the fate of Interpublic 's own chief financial officer , Sean F. Orr , who will now report to Mr. Coughlin .
Starbucks earned a pretax profit of 353 million yen ( $ 3 million ) from April to December .
and the Ford Motor Company , not only because of their popularity but because the profit margins they carry are many times those of passenger cars .
Forcing Microsoft to rewrite certain contracts would not require much financial advice .
In September , I.B.M .
Pfizer , of course , is furious .
Recently there have indeed been some arrests for computer attacks that capitalized on Microsoft software flaws .
''The beauty of the Netflix prize is you can be a mathematician in Romania or a statistician in Taiwan , and you could be the winner . ''
For the first quarter , eBay earned 17 cents a share based on generally accepted accounting and 18 cents a share using the pro forma method .
While the basic patent protecting the product has already expired in Europe , Amgen got several patents in the United States , which could protect its franchise here until 2015 .
Amazon says it has since sold the GSI stock .
One charge in the Government 's case is that at that meeting Microsoft tried to strike a collusive deal with Netscape -- an offer that Netscape declined .
As part of a reorganization of its technology management structure , Cisco Systems Inc. yesterday named Charles H. Giancarlo as its chief technology officer .
More than in the last few years , the holiday season of 2003 showed a wide gap between winners and losers .
Both Microsoft and Palm must contend with Research in Motion , the Canadian company that dominates the corporate world with its BlackBerry device , as well as Symbian , the software operation owned by a consortium of cellular handset makers .
He said he was confident that Morgan Stanley had plenty of seasoned managers and would be able to fill the void created by Mr. Mack 's departure .
Analysts have said Boeing needs orders for 150 to 200 aircraft before it approves production .
It is not clear what sort of settlement the commission will try to elicit from Morgan Stanley , but a monetary settlement could be substantial because employees in the division are highly paid .
''Our view is that there will always be disputes over benchmarks , '' Tom Beerman , an Intel spokesman , said .
Eighteen months after finding Microsoft guilty of monopoly abuse , the European Commission has appointed a trustee to ensure that the company makes the changes called for in the ruling .
Electronic Arts executives are predicting the Sega site will have limited demand , since it restricts the potential audience to Dreamcast owners .
In the guest room I also keep two other IBM Selectrics ( given to me by writer friends who bought PC 's ) , because it is n't easy to get a Selectric repaired anymore , plus boxes of felt-tip pens in the three colors of ink that are necessary for really thoughtful scribbling in second draft margins , and a used Encyclopaedia Britannica missing the T and P volumes .
Throughout the afternoon session of the trial , the Government pointed to several internal Microsoft E-mail messages , trying to show that the company had folded its software for browsing the World Wide Web into Windows mainly to undermine competition from the Netscape Communications Corporation , the browser pioneer .
Based on Friday 's closing price of $ 49.19 a share , Bank of America 's stock has fallen 35 percent from its post-merger peak of $ 75.50 a share in July 1999 .
The improvement this year stands in stark contrast to 2003 , when Intel was the only one of the top 10 makers of flash memory chips to report a decline in revenue even as overall sales for the industry were climbing almost 50 percent .
It would sell the shares to A.T. & T. at $ 49 each for the two classes of stock .
Celgene , based in Summit , N.J. , plans to ask the Food and Drug Administration this month for approval to sell Revlimid as a treatment for one variant of a blood disorder called myelodysplastic syndrome .
This led to criticism by Senator Carl Levin , Democrat of Michigan , that all portions relating to White House involvement in the Air Force-Boeing deal were left out at the request of the White House .
Edward T. Hatch , who follows entertainment for UBS Securities , said such deals would not necessarily be costly for Time Warner and could generate a new source of revenue .
FOR years , the Staples chain of office supply stores has been assuring consumers , ''Yeah , we 've got that , '' in humorously offbeat campaigns from Cliff Freeman & Partners in New York .
A second issue , he said , is that much of Aon 's cash flow will go toward paying for the reorganization .
McDonald 's Corp says Charles H Bell is resigning as chief executive to focus on his battle with cancer , will be succeeded by vice chairman James Skinner ; Bell took chief executive post in April after death of James R Cantalupo , who suffered heart attack on April 19 ; McDonald 's USA chief executive Michael Roberts is named president and chief operating officer ; will also join board ( M )
Agencies , many owned by Interpublic , make changes in senior management .
''Our need to have innovative , creative marketing in the U.S. is more important than ever before , '' said Richard Lovell , a spokesman for Kellogg in Battle Creek , Mich .
Pat Kelly , president of Pfizer 's American drug division , said that he was painfully aware of polls showing that Americans view drug and cigarette makers similarly .
$ 27 million public service campaign from governments of 50 states and District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands , paid for with settlement money from lawsuit against Ford Motor Co , starts this week and is aimed at informing young men in particular about rollover risks of sport utility vehicles ; ad agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty developed campaign ; photo ( M )
Lawrence T. Babbio Jr. is the vice chairman and president of Verizon Communications .
Unions , angry at the company 's successful efforts to keep them out , have been forced to make concessions to keep Wal-Mart competitors in business .
Dean McCarron , an analyst at Mercury Research , said that using older processes , combined with lower labor costs in China , could mean a greater profit margin for Intel .
For those people who can not bear to miss their messages , Motorola has developed the Pocketalk , a cross between a pager and an answering machine .
The new technology is intended to reduce labor costs at a time A.T. & T. is under increasing competitive pressures from other long-distance carriers , particularly MCI Communications and Sprint , but also by equipment makers that include Northern Telecom of Canada and Ericsson of Sweden .
One of Comcast 's talking points to investors has been that its cable operations have enjoyed higher profit margins than AT & T 's have .
''Tiffany 's jewelry designs distinguished themselves from their European counterparts because they brought a new freshness , simplicity , naturalism and directness , '' Mr. Loring writes .
American International Group 's directors to meet to discuss many important issues confronting company as regulators press forward in their investigation of whether company used transactions to improperly dress up its financial position ; directors plan to discuss March 31 deadline for company to file its annual report with Securities and Exchange Commission and possibility of restatement because of internal review of numerous transactions ; audit committee directors are also expected to review relationship between company and two entities run by AIG insiders that were used to compensate company executives ( M )
Last year , Citigroup had to cope with losses in Argentina and the bankruptcies of large companies like Enron and WorldCom .
The re-edited commercials will appear on networks that are part of the NBC Universal division of General Electric , including Bravo , CBNC , MSNBC , NBC , Sci Fi and USA .
Finally , Microsoft is also introducing a traditional mouse with its tail cut off .
Though the talks have been deadlocked , some analysts say a stronger Boeing may be what is needed to break the deadlock .
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson , Jeffrey J. Leebaw , declined to comment on a possible purchase last night , but Johnson & Johnson was expected to hold an investor conference before the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange .
Joseph Phillippi of PaineWebber said General Motors ''has a tremendous amount of work to do on its auto portfolio '' and ''very little product that appeals to the vast majority of baby boomers . ''
Merck said it would take a restructuring charge of $ 140 million to $ 200 million in the fourth quarter .
Grace said it had received $ 250 million in financing from Bank of America , but the bankruptcy court still has to rule on that arrangement .
And then , Nike must reinvigorate itself with some innovative products .
Intel Corp and Compaq Computer say they will work together to develop wireless hand-held communications devices and applications used to access and transmit data over Internet ( S )
In just the last few weeks , the grand plans that were supposed to carry General Motors and Ford Motor into their second centuries have crumbled .
Hasbro Inc moves domestic part of its Playskool advertising account , with billings estimated at $ 30 million , to Grey Advertising after only nine months at Arnold Communications in Boston ( S )
Of the 50 definite orders for 737 's , only 28 will be reported as new orders by Boeing .
Priceline.com ends its relationship with ad agency Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos after almost three years ( S )
The warnings yesterday were the most recent in a skein dating to August 2002 , when Interpublic , which owns agencies like Deutsch , McCann Erickson and Weber Shandwick , initially discovered accounting irregularities centered on transactions among its agencies , principally units based in Europe of the McCann Worldgroup , the largest Interpublic division .
For example , the survey found that representatives from Pfizer , who were promoting FemHRT , a hormonal therapy similar to Prempro , doubled the number of doctors they visited last week compared with the week before .
I.B.M .
Yahoo Internet Life , which has a paid circulation of 1.1 million and is the most widely circulated magazine about the Internet , accepts advertisements from overseas casinos .
But on the Kodak , to switch to the photo tray , you have to physically push the tray inward until it clicks -- and switch back to the larger tray by pulling the photo tray out again .
I.B.M .
Shares of Retek , a maker of software for the retail sales industry , surged yesterday after I.B.M .
Although he joined Morgan Stanley in 1993 , he had developed a passion for the firm and its lore that matched those who had been at the firm decades longer .
Through a series of well-timed acquisitions , Legg Mason has become somewhat removed from its brokerage roots and receives 70 percent of its revenue from asset management fees .
EBay begins using its site to promote dropoff stores that list , package and ship eBay items for people who can not be bothered to do it themselves ; is treading carefully , partly because it has no direct financial stake in auction dropoff businesses , which charge commissions of about 30 percent of items they sell ; hopes to attract more sellers , since roughly 90 percent of its 114 million registered users are buyers ; there are at least 1,000 dropoff stores ; AuctionDrop is gaining momentum through agreement with United Parcel Service ; photo ( M )
had served it with a subpoena seeking information about its discount-rate selection , as part of its inquiry on General Motors .
Companies like Nokia , the BT Group , and even Microsoft , itself a major victim of software piracy , have called the proposed law excessive and have warned that it could crush technical innovation .
Well , try this on for size : Palm 's new Treo 700W cellphone-organizer runs on software from Microsoft .
Though the service is available now only in this small town and a few other cities nationally , Verizon expects to make its fiber connections available to a million homes in parts of nine states by the end of the year .
''I did n't expect it all , '' said David Gardner , a founder of the Motley Fool and a longtime supporter of Whole Foods stock .
Paul Sankey , an analyst at Deutsche Bank , said that ''at high oil prices , Exxon Mobil is left with too much cash and insufficient options , '' citing an estimated $ 20 billion in cash that the company has on its balance sheet .
Before Wal-Mart 's drug-discount program , Patricia Symonette , a 54-year-old supervisor for the Cleveland Municipal School District in Ohio , would fill prescriptions for her husband and herself at a local CVS .
Bank of America said today that it would pay $ 1.6 billion in cash for 24.9 percent of Grupo Financiero Santander Serfín , the most profitable bank in Mexico .
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , gave updates on future versions of chips for laptops , desktop PC 's and high-powered server systems that run data centers .
As the hearing continued this evening , Mr. Levin suggested that a transaction with Enron called Roosevelt provided evidence of Citigroup 's role in cloaking Enron 's true financial condition .
Hewlett-Packard , according to Ms. Carone , lags well behind Xerox in the size of its sales force in the office market and in related software and services .
Last year , he said , in three auctions on the Freemarkets Web site involving about $ 100 million worth of goods , Raytheon saved 25 percent over what it would have spent offline .
Thank you for your Nov. 12 front-page article ''Wal-Mart 's CD Standards Are Changing Pop Music . ''
Chevron is thus unlikely to seek to enter the business again .
Nike remains the king of the hill in athletic footwear , but its kingdom is under assault .
Excluding one-time charges and gains , Citigroup said it would have reported profits of $ 5.34 billion , or $ 1.02 a share , in the quarter .
Including the investment write-off , Microsoft 's net income was $ 66 million , or 1 cent a share .
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Comcast To Sell New High-Speed Service
Neil I. Kreisberg , group executive vice president and executive managing director at Grey Global who oversees the Procter accounts there , said : ''We 've been sort of assumptive that what we 've been doing for the general market has been making sure African-Americans buy our brands , but it is probably not the extent we would like or P. & G. would like . ''
Whether Kodak will cut enough to soothe Wall Street fears will become clear on Nov. 11 , when Kodak has said it will divulge a restructuring plan .
As for Nike 's reaction : unimpressed .
Yesterday , Pfizer shares gained $ 1.74 , to close at $ 24.32 .
''It was the right decision for our members , for Boeing and for the State of Washington . ''
The Dow industrials were also bolstered by their technology components , including Microsoft .
I.B.M .
The oil industry is already feeling powerful repercussions from the current economic and political volatility spawned by fears of war in the Persian Gulf , according to Lee Raymond , the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , the world 's largest oil company .
Billions in capital investment poured in from companies like Cisco Systems and Microsoft , which -- drawn by flexible work rules , a cutback in wage growth and a highly educated work force -- began to use the Netherlands as a European distribution center .
Kodak announced its wireless EasyShare-One camera way back in January , but its release has been repeatedly delayed .
The two executives said Citigroup was already generating more business than Citibank and Salomon Smith Barney would have alone .
But Mr. Ballmer said he did not expect to end the alliance with Overture , with which Microsoft now shares ad revenue .
Based on total salaries and related costs Interpublic paid last year of $ 3.4 billion , Mr. Russell said , the bonuses ''are modest enough , '' adding that in terms of his remark about eating before guests arrive , ''maybe $ 40 million is a snack , and you 're supposed to serve snacks at this point '' in a turnaround effort .
In trading today , Intel rose 7 cents , to $ 29.15 .
Johnson & Johnson sent the group a confidential report conceding that placebo-controlled studies , many of them never published by the company , failed to show it was effective in treating children for reflux disease .
While I.B.M .
Because of the Marriott 's pivotal location , many of the arriving fire companies ended up in its lobby , although few , if any , had been sent there .
Johnson & Johnson 's hopes for an early return on its recent $ 1.4 billion acquisition of Conor Medsystems have been dashed by the failure of Conor 's heart stent design in a pivotal medical trial comparing it with a Boston Scientific stent .
While few on Wall Street were surprised by Mr. Heyer 's appointment , some analysts said his accomplishments at Coke had been relatively modest since his arrival .
In some cases over the years , Mr. Murdoch was known for calling in tips or tinkering with headlines , particularly at the tabloid newspapers he has owned .
For instance , analysts estimate that Time Warner Inc. may be losing as much as $ 10 million a year on its ambitious Pathfinder ( http : //www.pathfinder.com ) , which went on line in 1994 as one of the first big-media Web sites .
Still , for Verizon and Qwest , the pursuit of MCI , the largest remaining independent carrier , makes some sense despite its rising price .
On Tuesday , the coordinating minister for the economy , Aburizal Bakrie , issued an ultimatum , telling reporters in Jakarta that the government would take over Cepu if Exxon Mobil and Pertamina did not conclude a joint operating agreement by the end of December .
''There is an emotional moment at the time of capture , '' said Gregory R. Westbrook , Kodak 's vice president and general manager of its digital and film imaging systems unit .
I.B.M .
Just how many of these ''new employees , '' Mr. Ballmer wondered , had actually worked at Microsoft before ?
Every week , about half the population of this country goes to Wal-Mart .
The plan , which is expected to be announced Monday at a cellular telephone conference in New Orleans , makes Motorola and Cisco Systems the latest communications and networking giants to join forces in an attempt to capitalize on the increasing popularity of the Internet and the rapid growth of wireless communications products .
HARTMUT NEVEN came from Germany to the University of Southern California a decade ago to lead research efforts in computerized face and object recognition .
Lawyers for the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit that spelled out their case against two former Apple executives in connection with fraudulent dating of options .
East Coast , where air fares have remained stubbornly high , is beginning to see fare-cutting competition with arrival of Southwest Airlines , which is about to open service to four cities from MacArthur Airport on Long Island ; Southwest has already expanded to Baltimore , Providence , Manchester and several Florida cities , and fares have fallen sharply in each place , even on routes not served by discounter ; graphs ; US Airways and Delta respond by expanding their discount subsidiaries ; East accounts for forty percent of $ 52 billion spent on airline tickets annual in US , and New York in particular is ripe for competition ( M )
Given the interest in nerve stimulation and the small number of companies with products , Johnson & Johnson is seen as a potential buyer if Boston Scientific sells its Cyberonics stake .
Prodigy , which had been losing money and market share , was sold to its managers last year after I.B.M .
The government and 19 state attorneys general have just begun settlement talks with Microsoft that are likely to continue for the next two or three months , and the government intends to use Greenhill 's advice as it devises settlement proposals .
Rupert Murdoch , the chairman , chief executive and all-around dictator of the News Corporation -- and the shrewdest of all the old-school media moguls -- has both the means and the motive to buy Dow Jones .
Protesters who tried to get to Microsoft 's ninth-floor offices in Foster City found the elevators blocked .
General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman have both enjoyed big jumps in sales and profits from their shipbuilding divisions , which are dominated by Navy contracts , but tax payments at both companies during the same period declined .
Ever since Citigroup said it was considering whether to retire its ubiquitous red umbrella logo , the mostly muted reaction has been surprising .
According to some PC game developers who have used DirectX , a graphics standard that Microsoft developed for PC games , it is relatively simple to design games for Xbox , which uses a variation of DirectX .
Amazon.com , the online retail giant , plans to introduce a local search service today that can display photos of neighborhood businesses .
This time , though , an influential critic is arguing that Microsoft 's new strategy may be a defensive plan that misjudges the computer industry 's future direction -- that rather than moving to an increasingly Web-centric model , computing is instead becoming decentralized , with the key information distributed among millions of desktop computers .
Company executives contend that those terms are no different than the terms provided to Road Runner , an Internet service provider that is partly owned by Time Warner and which is the main provider for customers of Time Warner 's high-speed cable system .
Union Pacific maintains that only the initial delays in Texas had anything to do with the merger , saying they resulted from growing traffic and inadequate operations , especially on Southern Pacific .
It negotiated a contract with Citigroup that allowed for the fees and did not do enough to require access to a large number of cash machines .
I.B.M .
In addition to Palm and Nortel Networks , the market was led lower by Cisco Systems , Microsoft , Qualcomm , Intel , I.B.M. , AOL Time Warner , Exxon Mobil and General Motors .
The Galvin family remains the largest individual holders of Motorola stock , but their stake has dwindled to a small fraction of that of the institutional investors .
However , the Discovery Holding float does serve the purpose of distributing the Discovery Communications interest to Liberty 's shareholders ( Mr. Malone is the largest ) on a tax-free basis -- a hallmark of Mr. Malone 's often byzantine dealings .
Lufthansa , the biggest German airline , said yesterday that it had reached a deal with the Boeing Company to have broadband Internet service installed on its entire long-haul fleet , the first airline to make such a move .
WHILE there are thousands of real estate sites on the Internet , a battle appears to be shaping up between two titans : Home Advisor , run by Microsoft , the mogul of cyberspace , and Realtor.com , which is operated by Real Select for the National Association of Realtors and is the leader in home listings on the Web .
Officials Seek Unified Front On Microsoft
Most of the points in the courtroom drama went to the Justice Department and 19 states suing the Microsoft Corporation , alleging that it illegally used its dominance to thwart competition .
Neither of these actions persuaded either Institutional Shareholder Services or Glass Lewis to recommend shareholder support for Pfizer 's entire board .
Microsoft outlines new corporate approach designed to allow company to weather period of slow growth in computer industry ; at same time , its execs dispute idea that information technology boom had ended for good ; chmn Bill Gates announces company 's plans to increase its research and development spending this year by as much as 8 percent , to total of $ 6.9 billion ; company also says it will expand its work force by 4,000 to 5,000 positions during current fiscal year ( M )
An Amazon.com spokeswoman could not confirm that the list belonged to the Michael McDermott in question .
In addition , Corning is closing two other plants , including one completed just a year ago in Benton Township , Pa. , and one still under construction in Nashua , N.H .
The Discovery Channel , which signed the former United States Postal Service cycling team in January to a three-year deal , knew that Armstrong would be retiring soon and might not race this year .
But Mr. Nicholas lacks the financial heft to acquire St. Jude Medical , one of three major players with Medtronic and Guidant in the fast-growing billion-dollar market for implants that regulate heart rhythms , or to buy a major orthopedics company like those owned by Medtronic and Johnson & Johnson .
And I hope that the announcement that Wal-Mart made just days after this online store opened -- that the company will team with Accel Partners , a Silicon Valley venture capital firm , to create a new company called Walmart-com -- is a sign that more changes are ahead .
The affidavit said Mr. Glaser called Mr. Maritz Wednesday afternoon and said that he was prepared to ''negotiate all night if that 's what it takes '' to come to terms with Microsoft .
Mr. Purcell , the chief executive of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , foiled the plan of his rival , John J. Mack , yesterday by persuading a senior Morgan Stanley executive , Walid Chammah , to pass up the offer of a top job at Mr. Mack 's firm , Credit Suisse First Boston .
John Schreiber , who follows Time Warner for Janus , said Janus had bought shares in both AOL and Time Warner since the deal was announced on Monday .
Officials at Wal-Mart headquarters said the protest , which lasted for more than an hour , was spurred largely by the store manager 's plan to reduce payroll by cutting most workers ' hours to 35 hours a week from 40 .
The business must now build its own financial support staff , and provide other services it had always received from Corning -- and would presumably have received from a buyer like Newell , which makes Anchor Hocking glassware and Miro cookware .
The delays in the Microsoft software have both handicapped AT & T 's interactive television project and led to a round of finger-pointing among Microsoft executives and AT & T executives in Denver , where the company 's broadband division is based , said an AT & T executive , who insisted upon anonymity .
The unlikely literary patrons of this publishing effort are investors like Paul Allen , the co-founder of Microsoft , and Highland Capital Partners , who have backed Fatbrain with more than $ 35 million to nurture the market for what the company calls ''e-matter . ''
Sprint 's Family Locator feature offers 58 trackable phone models for your children ; Verizon 's Chaperone plan offers four phones , including the Wherifone-like four-button Migo for younger children .
Monsanto Co drug Celebrex , introduced in Jan in most successful drug debut ever and rival Merck drug Vioxx , which has gained steadily since its May introduction , vie in big and growing market for prescription arthritis drugs ; both companies seek not just success , but blockbuster , with Cox-2 inhibitors , which are easier on stomach than nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory arthritis drugs ( M )
Cisco and SBC will co-market and co-sell their products and services -- with SBC selling Cisco equipment to its customers and Cisco referring customers to SBC .
Microsoft Corp chairman , William H Gates , will demonstrate prototype of portable computing slate , which is the size of 8 1/2-by-11-inch notebook and is operated with a pen stylus -- at Comdex computer show in Las Vegas ; in recent weeks company has begun testing first of several hundred prototypes ; Microsoft does not plan to make such computers commercially , but it hopes that hardware makers will begin selling them by 2002 ( M )
On Tuesday , Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive , filed a letter with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company intended to send to PeopleSoft shareholders in hopes of winning their support .
Oracle Corp says earnings for first-quarter ended Aug 31 were $ 236.7 million , 21 percent from $ 195 million in year-earlier period ; revenue rose 13 percent , to $ 1.98 billion ( M )
Trial Over Safety at I.B.M .
Officials at both General Electric and ABB declined to comment .
Time Warner Cable , the No.2 cable-television provider behind the Comcast Corporation , now offers set-top boxes with built-in digital recording in 28 of its 31 local markets .
But the group 's tempers have cooled since Microsoft announced that it would freely and widely license the patent .
Aetna will also publish a pamphlet explaining how it pays doctors in Texas , and it will establish a company ombudsman to support customers who have health insurance complaints .
SAP has yet to win any customers from the PeopleSoft-Oracle battle , and Mr. Apotheker would not be pinned down on how many converts he hopes to win .
Fearing huge payouts to millions of American men , several large insurers are adopting strict reimbursement policies for Viagra , Pfizer Inc. 's new pill for impotence , requiring proof of a medical cause for the problem and limiting the number of pills .
It is not that Kodak 's numbers were all that bad .
''The difference , though , is that now Microsoft has been found to be a monopoly and to have violated antitrust laws . ''
The CBS news department .
If the I.B.M .
Verizon Communications , the nation 's largest local telephone company , is expected to announce today that Charles R. Lee will step down as co-chief executive at the beginning of April , accelerating the process to make Ivan G. Seidenberg the company 's only chief executive , people close to the company said .
Mr. Case was worried that the balance of power on the Internet would shift from those that simply aggregated content created by others -- as AOL and Yahoo have done -- to the content creators like Time Warner .
Today , every new hire at Intel hears a lecture about how the company takes antitrust law seriously .
Ian Beavis , marketing communications manager for Lincoln Mercury division of Ford Motor Co , has joined Bozell Worldwide ad agency in new post of global account director ( S )
The decision to close Edge Creative , the upstart agency that has had Coca-Cola as its sole client since 1991 , and to reassign its responsibilities to traditional Madison Avenue shops is indicative of the significant shifts the company is making in response to pressure from competitors and investors .
Since 1978 , General Motors has built more than 50 parts factories in Mexico , which today employ 72,000 workers , making its parts subsidiary , Delphi Automotive Services , Mexico 's largest private employer .
McDonald 's , meanwhile , named the German shop Heye & Partner , part of the DDB Worldwide division of Omnicom Group to be its lead agency , snubbing the incumbent , the Chicago office of DDB Worldwide .
Whether the prominent display of all this information will have any effect on what people order at McDonald 's is unclear .
Now Pfizer , and independent cardiologists , must determine whether torcetrapib 's failure indicates that all medicines to raise good cholesterol will have similar problems , or if the problem was specifically related to some defect in torcetrapib .
The buyer , a Shell-Sempra Energy joint venture , is expected to give final approval to the contract in September .
Even Yahoo executives acknowledged that the version of Panama they are introducing on Monday is only a first step .
Fidelity Investments and IBM form venture to manage employee benefit plans of other companies ; executives of both companies say they see promising business in sending payroll and benefit services to large employers ; Fidelity will provide benefits expertise and IBM computers and databases ; Fidelity will administer IBM 's benefits ; will lease call center in Raleigh , NC , that IBM opened in 1994 to handle questions from its 140,000 workers in US and 120,000 retirees about retirement , health , charitable giving and other benefits ; 450 IBM workers in Raleigh will become Fidelity employees , and another 2,500 or so IBM personnel workers will remain with computer maker ( M )
While most of the complaints have focused on Norfolk Southern , Norman Black , the manager of media relations for United Parcel Service , one of the largest shippers on the old Conrail system , said that many trains were not meeting their schedules on both the CSX and Norfolk Southern lines .
technology developed by Texas Instruments , and it comes with a picture-in-picture feature that can display two images at once .
Yesterday , a number of the company 's critics speculated that the release of the memo might be timed to suggest that while Windows is shipped on more than 90 percent of all personal computers sold today -- and while Microsoft programs dominate dozens of markets -- the software giant faces real competition .
John C. Rother , policy director of AARP , which represents millions of Medicare beneficiaries , praised the companies ' efforts to help low-income people but said that Merck 's plan might help more people than the discount card .
The proposed settlement was defended by Charles A. James , the head of the antitrust division of the Justice Department and chief negotiator for the deal , and in written testimony by Charles F. Rule , a Microsoft lawyer .
I.B.M .
The campaign began in late September and new elements were introduced in phases , weeks apart , to ''build a little mystery in Internet-land , and get people talking about whether men could have cramps , '' said Meredith Yacso , ThermaCare brand manager at Procter .
wants to build bridges between manufacturing and services , and Honeywell 's products help do that , '' said James N. Kelleher , an analyst with Argus Research .
''EBay brings the best of quality inventory and a huge community , '' said Terry S. Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive .
Before 1 p.m. , news reports appeared that Pfizer was preparing a competing offer for Warner-Lambert .
AS computer manufacturers scurried recently to announce their plans for the new and much-ballyhooed Pentium III chip from Intel , another technology giant , I.B.M. , announced what truly seems to be a breakthrough in chip design .
Though representatives of all five major labels were present at the House of Blues event , none have yet agreed to use Microsoft 's technology .
Citibank and Bank of America are both being scrutinized because they had what are called prime brokerage agreements with the trader , John M. Rusnak , who worked for Allfirst Financial in Baltimore , a subsidiary of Allied Irish Banks of Dublin .
The results lifted Apple shares as much as $ 2.08 after hours .
Former Dow Chemical executives Romeo Kreinberg and J Pedro Reinhard sue after being fired for allegedly holding unauthorized acquisition talks with third parties ; case will examine involvement of J P Morgan Chase chief executive James Dimon and determine if incident was just excuse for Dow Chemical chief executive Andrew N Liveris to fire problem executives ; photos ; graph ( M )
The board gave final approval to the plan at an hourlong meeting yesterday morning at AT & T 's headquarters , a mammoth , old brick building in lower Manhattan that used to serve as the nerve center for AT & T 's Long Line services .
As a result of the district court 's rush to judgment , Microsoft was denied even the opportunity to cross-examine the six government experts whose declarations were offered in support of the decree .
''As the sole satellite provider , they would have a lot of power in the market and that obviously concerns us as a programmer , '' said Michael Regan , the News Corporation 's senior vice president for government affairs .
To make up for the loss of open space , Goldman Sachs would pay for $ 5 million in improvements nearby .
Today 's deals and Microsoft 's $ 7 billion in cash on hand , which generates more in interest than Netscape has in annual revenues , demonstrate just how formidable a competitor the world 's largest software company can be .
The problem has been that eBay is losing market share . ''
Also , Goodyear , which ended 1998 with about $ 2 billion in debt and a debt-to-equity ratio of about 30 percent , will have to borrow heavily to come up with the $ 936 million .
Harley-Davidson and Staples Inc are being named to Marketing Hall of Fame by New York chapter of American Marketing Association ( S )
But Hemant K. Shah , an independent industry analyst in Warren , N.J. , said he believed that a major merger between Merck and another large drug company was almost ''inevitable . ''
Coke and its largest bottler , Coca-Cola Enterprises , say Wal-Mart asked them to start delivering Powerade directly to Wal-Mart warehouses .
Campbell , the largest soup maker , announced that its fourth-quarter earnings rose 25.9 percent , to $ 180 million , or 73 cents a share , from $ 143 million , or 57 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
ElcomSoft said Adobe 's changes were superficial and released a new demonstration version of the decryption program shortly after Adobe 's update .
On Feb. 15 , Nike 's Hall of Hoops displays in Foot Locker stores were replaced by Reebok 's Above the Rim , featuring RBK shoes and jerseys and hats endorsed by Allen Iverson , the Philadelphia 76ers star .
Kmart , looking to vault its lackluster Web store into the front ranks of e-commerce competitors , is counting on Yahoo 's popularity as well as a suite of services like free e-mail to attract traffic to the new venture .
A day before Adweek.com reported Ms. Forissier 's departure , it said that Robin Kent , chairman and chief executive of Universal McCann , the media arm of the McCann Worldgroup , Interpublic 's largest operating unit , would be leaving his posts .
An investment in AT & T would be partly defensive for Microsoft .
and Boeing on behalf of the families of some of the 230 passengers killed in the Flight 800 disaster .
Microsoft Corp continues to sell thousands of copies of upgrade kit for Windows 95 and Windows 95 new user package , even though Windows 98 is set to arrive in late June ( S )
It had been handled for more than 25 years by the Ketchum Advertising San Francisco unit of Omnicom Group , which was recently absorbed into a sibling Omnicom agency , TBWA Chiat/Day .
But for Northern Trust , which also serves as the executor of John Sengstacke 's estate , the immediate issues were settling the estate and raising money to pay the taxes .
I.B.M .
''Ford , we believe , is less burdened by the retiree health care issue to a significant extent , and looking at recent quarters , in terms of either cash flow or earnings , Ford has done considerably better than General Motors , '' Mr. Sprinzen said .
In introducing the Apple iPhone , he demonstrated the device 's music-playing capabilities by displaying Beatles album covers and playing the song ''Lovely Rita '' for the audience .
Word of Mr. Galvin 's departure ignited speculation about whether Motorola would seek to lure back Edward D. Breen Jr. , who went to Tyco International as chief executive in July 2002 to sort out its accounting scandal .
What the Government did this week -- filing a suit that called Microsoft a predatory monopolist , using its dominance of personal computer operating systems to control future innovations -- may be the antitrust action that defines commerce for much of the next century .
Yet the business criticism of I.B.M .
''Under Pfizer 's new sales policy , '' the letter says , ''distributors will only be authorized to deal with approved purchasers of Pfizer products . ''
Such passages seemed clearly intended to warn Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that splitting up Microsoft would be a dangerous gamble to take with a pillar of the nation 's high-technology economy .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York continued to make changes yesterday , just days after the agency company announced it was reorganizing into four principal divisions .
For the first quarter , Wal-Mart said the operating profit at its largest division , Wal-Mart USA , jumped 20.4 percent , the chain 's best performance in six years , even as the number of shoppers in its store fell slightly .
Quite obviously I do n't have to continue to work at Microsoft or any company , but I choose to because 20 years later it 's that same sense of what software can do for people that captures my enthusiasm . ''
Now Motorola has to deliver the products on a timely basis . ''
to adopt the ''Grand Alliance '' standard , led to objections by Microsoft and its allies in the computer industry .
In a statement , Johnson & Johnson said the change was not expected to affect financial results for this year or its estimate of $ 2.61 in earnings a share for 2003 .
But some Wall Street executives and lawyers said Morgan Stanley did not want to take the chance that the commission could persuade the jury that some of the allegations were valid .
10-year contract is awarded to Derlan Industries Ltd of Toronto by Boeing Co to help develop lightweight drive-train system for AH-64 Apache attack helicopter ; deal is worth about $ 500 million for Derlan ( S )
But Aetna , by increasing premiums by as much as 11 percent to 13 percent in some cases , risks losing some of its best customers -- the younger , healthier ones with relatively few problems who can look for better buys at other insurance companies .
At that time , Mr. Connors was exulting over Microsoft 's return to double-digit growth in the previous quarter and projecting revenue growth in the ''low to mid-teens '' for the rest of the fiscal year ending next June 30 .
In fact , Boeing officials said , the F.A.A .
This is the second time that Kodak has reached outside for a top executive with technological expertise .
The Government is the biggest customer for telecommunications equipment , and its contracts have been a source of bitter struggles among the three major long-distance carriers , A.T. & T. , Sprint and MCI , as well as the regional telephone companies that were A.T. & T .
Caremark has consistently supported a deal with CVS since the drug chain announced its bid in November .
And at least five were cross-claims in lawsuits where Mr. Gottlieb or his companies were defendants , including the Prudential matter .
Frustrated by Gemstar 's plummeting stock price , the News Corporation has been trying for months to oust Mr. Yuen , the company 's founder , and Ms. Leung , a close associate .
The new negotiation entity , Magna Global Inc. in New York , will begin with operations in Britain , Germany and the United States , followed by the introduction of operations worldwide , as part of the new Advanced Marketing Services unit of Interpublic .
On Monday , Yahoo announced a broad agreement with newspaper companies that could help bolster use of its search technology .
Microsoft counters the free Linux argument by saying that the price of an operating system represents only a tiny portion of the total cost of ownership for a complete computer system .
The editor also pointed out that in the last couple of weeks , Time Inc. journalists have done articles that caused problems for Time Warner management -- particularly Sports Illustrated 's interview with John Rocker , a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves .
He likened Coca-Cola to the Procter & Gamble Company , which ''has a lot of brands , a lot of agencies . ''
''Classifying Microsoft 's pricing as predatory and anti-competitive , '' he stated , ''does not require reaching the difficult questions that are usually faced in predatory pricing cases . ''
Market Place column on prospects that Time Warner 's America Online division is recovering and may turn profit early next year ; graph ( M )
But Judge Jackson 's comments are almost certain to be seized by Microsoft as an example of how the judge was unable to follow the instructions of the appeals court .
EBay posts sales and profits for third quarter that exceed analysts ' expectations ; company earned $ 18.8 million , up 24 percent from year-earlier period ; sales were $ 194.4 million , up 71 percent ; president-chief executive Meg Whitman comments ; photo ( M )
The news , however , was not well received by Ford Motor or Chrysler , whose financial positions appear to many analysts to be worse than that of General Motors .
The two men talked in the United Airlines Red Carpet Room , reserved for business-class passengers , and Mr. Colbeth recalled Mr. Clark telling him , ''We 're going to take Microsoft head-on . ''
''If you have a competitor coming at you on price , you have to use your advertising to make clear why your products really should command a higher price than theirs , '' said Tony Wright , worldwide client service director at Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , Kodak 's agency and a unit of WPP Group P.L.C .
In regular trading before the announcement , Intel 's stock rose 2 cents today , to $ 32.98 .
Microsoft and I.B.M .
A report issued last week by Prudential Equity Group acknowledged that CNA 's performance was ''ugly all around '' and that Loews was once again ''forced to pony up money to backstop CNA , '' but added that these were mistakes of the past and noted that Mr. Lilienthal represented a ''competent and capable management . ''
Once relegated to the education market , the eMac is gaining attention as an affordable all-in-one system for Apple fans .
I.B.M .
Tom Reilly , the attorney general of Massachusetts , said yesterday that he thought the ruling was a step toward forcing Microsoft to offer unbundled versions of Windows worldwide .
China moves step closer to entering World Trade Organization as insurance ownership dispute is resolved ; lead Chinese negotiator , Long Yongtu , pledges 'China will strictly abide by WTO rules and conscientiously implement its commitments ' ; agreement calls for European and American insurers to have access to China 's domestic insurance market based on separate terms European and US reached with China last year ; Europeans say deal with US favors American International Group , whose operations in China are wholly owned by company ( M )
Merck Cancels Work on a New Insomnia Medication
Yahoo said its sales were off because advertising from Internet companies has fallen far faster than expected .
Gerald M. Levin , the chairman of Time Warner , continued to emphasize the company 's growth in all its divisions and its ability to generate cash , pay down debt and keep key ratios of debt to cash flow at low levels .
Microsoft replies that Mr. Rosen was simply trying to be precise about highly detailed discussions of software technology and strategy .
Boeing swept in afterward to make sure the rocket design was sound .
According to authorities , in 2004 , Randi Collotta , a 30-year-old lawyer in the global compliance department at Morgan Stanley , teamed up with her husband , Christopher Collotta , to dispense information about Morgan Stanley 's work on coming mergers to Marc Jurman , a high school friend of Mr. Collotta 's .
Microsoft 's June 1995 proposal that Netscape abandon the field to Microsoft in the market for browsing technology for Windows , and its subsequent , well-documented efforts to overwhelm Navigator 's browser usage share with a proliferation of Internet Explorer browsers inextricably attached to Windows , clearly meet the first element of the offense .
Allergan 's offer , valued at $ 84 a share , appeared certain to scuttle Inamed 's previously announced plans to be acquired by Medicis Pharmaceutical , a producer of prescription antiwrinkle drugs .
The lack of investor enthusiasm -- though hardly devastating for EADS , the world 's third-largest aerospace company after Boeing and Lockheed Martin -- cast a pall over its flagship project : a $ 12 billion plan to build a superjumbo jet , the A3XX , that is intended to eclipse the Boeing 747 .
But , he added , the possibility of such a deal marked an important shift in AT & T 's thinking -- away from relying merely on alliances with foreign telephone companies and toward building its own networks in important countries .
Meanwhile , the Justice Department , in its long-running antitrust suit against Microsoft , depicted the company as a bullying predator , bent on moving beyond its monopoly in desktop operating systems into other software markets .
A.T. & T. Sets Unitel Deal In Canada
In April , Philip M. Condit , Boeing 's chief executive , sent a letter to Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's , assuring the rating agencies that Boeing was firmly behind the jet .
Despite India 's reputation for superlative code writing , which has won it a blue-chip roster of customers like General Electric and Nortel Networks , some analysts question how successfully the country can compete in the more-rarefied digital fields of strategic consulting or systems integration .
Even with the industry downturn , sales in Corning 's telecommunications division rose 8 percent , to $ 1.4 billion , in large part because of demand in Asia .
The issues on which Microsoft is expressing a willingness to negotiate are generally those on which the company has already shown flexibility in the market .
Wireless products will now have their own group , as will optical networking , Internet switching and other staples of Cisco 's product line .
Susan Greenleaf , who works on the Microsoft account at the San Francisco office of Anderson & Lembke , another Interpublic agency , saw one commercial last week .
Prudential To Pay Fine In Trading
''When Lowe 's puts up a brightly lit , attractive new store near a Home Depot store , the Lowe 's parking lot is usually more crowded , '' said Craig R. Johnson , president of Customer Growth Partners , a consulting firm .
And so with its new Web site , Hormel Foods appears to have decided to have some fun with the brand name , selling a line of Spam-logo clothing that includes boxer shorts and baseball caps .
And today many government officials and industry executives regard Microsoft 's refusal to settle the case that day , before the suits were even filed , as the biggest mistake the company has ever made .
He believes that the company is in an excellent position to weather any economic downturn , he said , and even the pending merger of Time Warner and America Online -- which Microsoft has joined in challenging before federal regulators -- may have a silver lining .
''I have heard Steve Roth say that if Vornado 's stock doubles the package would be worth $ 100 million , '' she added , referring to the company 's chairman and chief executive .
The Staples finalists are : Arnold Worldwide in Boston , part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners division of Havas ; the New York office of Fallon Worldwide , owned by the Publicis Groupe ; McCann Erickson ; and J. Walter Thompson in New York , part of the WPP Group .
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it had reached a $ 540,000 settlement with a former executive who filed a lawsuit against the company asserting that he was fired after he raised concerns about accounting fraud and a rigged marketing test in Burger King restaurants .
An elec-tronics maker , Flextronics , said it would buy 55 percent of Hughes Software Systems from a unit of the News Corporation for $ 226 million to add software services to its products .
The General Motors Corporation , the biggest advertiser , raised its advertising outlays by 13.4 percent over 1995 , spending $ 1.61 billion last year .
Lockheed Martin had proposed a similar system of security equipment for the London subways years ago and was rejected .
Office Depot executives pulled all television advertising when the company expected to be folded into Staples and to dissolve the Office Depot name .
The news was a tremendous blow to McDonnell Douglas , which now builds many fighters , and a huge victory for Boeing , which remains in competition with Lockheed Martin for the contract , potentially worth $ 750 billion or more .
The company will continue to allow executives to acquire a limited number of stock options pegged to the market price , but only if they buy some I.B.M .
Continuing with the Canadian project that is under legal attack by its archrival , A.T. & T. , the MCI Communications Corporation said yesterday that it planned to offer a major data transmission service to large corporate customers in Canada .
DDB Worldwide , part of Omnicom Group , is cutting the size of subsidiary Griffin Bacal after loss of Hasbro advertising account and is naming Peter Tate to new post of executive vice president at DDB ; of Griffin Bacal 's 68 employees in New York , about one third will be laid off in March and another third will be shifted to DDB , which gained toy account ( S )
Deutsch in New York , recently acquired by Interpublic , continues to handle the Verizon Information Services account .
patents not only things it can manufacture and sell but also things that it knows may be useful to other companies , '' said Suzanne Harrison , a principal at ICMG , an intellectual property consulting firm in Palo Alto , Calif. ''And I.B.M .
In recent years , eBay has struggled with slower growth and increased competition , especially in its core auction business in the United States .
If the impact of currency gains and revenue from recent acquisitions , including PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting and Rational Software , are removed , I.B.M .
In a letter sent on Tuesday to investors in his fund , Mr. Icahn said that he planned to raise a ''special purpose vehicle '' for the sole purpose of investing in Time Warner , the media company .
At one time a widely recognized brand symbol for the Travelers Group , one of the world 's largest insurance companies , and now the property of Citigroup , the world 's largest financial institution , the red umbrella has been involved over the years in matters big and small , ranging from one of the biggest financial mergers ever to a dispute over the light it cast over a Lower Manhattan neighborhood .
When the breakup was announced , on Jan. 8 , 1982 , AT & T shares rose on the news , but they soon settled back and performed poorly during the run-up to the actual split , which was completed in January 1984 .
He added , ''I have never felt such vibes from Time Warner . ''
Certain subsidiaries , which Johnson & Johnson did not name , ''are believed to have made improper payments in connection with the sale of medical devices in two small-market countries , '' the statement said .
That is precisely what happened to Intergraph , a maker of powerful work stations using Intel chips after it filed a patent infringement suit against Intel in November 1997 , according to the F.T.C .
Fox News particularly benefited from additional advertising spending .
''To the extent that any culpability is ultimately determined to rest with FirstEnergy , the financial consequences of such a conclusion will weigh heavily , '' S. & P. said .
To that end , Mr. Brosnan said , Major League Baseball is working with Fox , part of the News Corporation , ''to understand the underlying reasons '' for the ''erosion in broadcast-television numbers '' and find solutions .
American officials and the executives say technicians working for I.B.M .
His successor , Mr. Galbraith , 38 , joined Morgan Stanley last year after a career as a sell-side stock analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein , where he covered the consumer goods sector and later the securities industry .
But in a conference call with analysts today , Intel executives said they saw slowed growth in all market sectors , across the world .
The Kellogg tie-ins include two limited-edition products , Kellogg 's Spider-Man Toasted Oat Cereal and Kellogg 's Spider-Man Pop-Tarts toaster pastries , both with ''Spidey-berry '' fruit flavoring ; and promotions with 11 product lines like Eggo waffles and Rice Krispies cereal that include mail-in offers for a CD-ROM game and T-shirt and merchandise inside product packages .
As a result , private and government lawyers would work together against Allstate .
An article yesterday about a possible sale of Verizon 's upstate New York telephone lines misstated the job description of Stephen Marotta , a telecommunications industry specialist at Marotta , Gund , Budd & Dzera who said that unless another large local phone company bought Verizon 's lines , customers would lose .
Shares of AT & T surged $ 1.17 , to $ 28.95 , while BellSouth 's stock jumped $ 1.52 , to $ 37.72 .
Exxon suspended operations in early March at three gas fields it runs in Aceh after armed attacks against employees commuting to the site .
Because of Kodak 's philanthropic and research financing , Rochester is still in some respects a one-company town , and many Kodak workers and retirees have large portions of their investments tied up in the company .
''It was inefficient ; it really did n't drive volume , '' Steven S. Reinemund , PepsiCo 's chairman and chief executive , said yesterday .
Over the New Year 's weekend , tens of thousands of I.B.M .
But on others , including some Motorola models , it operates only as a mute button .
Lawyers for Merck & Co and Cheryl Rogers , widow of man who died after reportedly taking Merck drug Vioxx , aks state judge in Alabama to postpone lawsuit , which was scheduled to be first Vioxx case to go to trial ; both sides expect judge to agree to postpone case , which is scheduled to begin May 23 ( M )
After a year of declining sales , Cisco , based in San Jose , Calif. , said in November that its sales had finally improved over the previous quarter for the first time in 2001 .
In 1997 , Mr. Ergen sought to put EchoStar on an equal footing by arranging a partnership with the News Corporation .
In a year when it has remapped its business future to cope with the explosive growth of the Internet , the Microsoft Corporation is getting plenty of mileage from its traditional market , reporting fiscal first-quarter earnings yesterday that beat the estimates of Wall Street analysts .
Citigroup is paying the largest penalty and is being singled out for the most intrusive monitoring of its research operations .
DaimlerChrysler says its sales increased 9 perent in January compared with year earlier ; Nissan 's sales rose 25 percent , while Toyota sold 143,729 vehicles , its best January ever , and increase of 15.8 percent compared with year ago ; General Motors ' overall sales dropped 2 percent , as 17 percent decline in car sales overshadowed 13 percent increase in truck sales ; market share slipped to 26 percent , well below 28 percent it had for all of 2003 ; Ford Motor Co 's overall sales dropped 9 percent ; sold 14 percent few cars than in January 2003 ; chart ( M )
The Intel campaign is not Mr. Alexander 's first foray onto Madison Avenue .
As world leaders like Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain , Deputy Prime Minister Shimon Peres of Israel and former President Bill Clinton spoke , News Corporation negotiators were bargaining with search-company representatives in nearby rooms , one executive involved in the talks said .
He said that the Safari browser was based on work done by the open source community -- in which programmers cooperate to develop free software -- and that Apple intended to put some of its software innovations for Web browsing back into the open source community .
''We asked home and education customers what they wanted , and when you added it all up , what they really wanted was an iMac to go , '' said Steven P. Jobs , acting chief executive of Apple .
Motorola , based in Schaumburg , Ill. , makes a quarter of the world 's mobile phones .
''This is not just Microsoft 's problem . ''
American Express has considered merging with Citigroup in the past and a deal would bolster Citigroup 's already Gargantuan credit card portfolio and card processing network ; Mr. Weill has long espoused the need for greater representation among blacks on Wall Street , and Mr. Chenault is black ; and Mr. Weill left American Express in the the 1980 's after a falling out with James Robinson , the chairman at the time , so buying American Express would be a dramatic finish to a career of deal making for Mr. Weill .
The executives said it was conceivable that Verizon could end up paying more to other MCI shareholders than it paid to Mr .
But the Federal Reserve did not raise foreclosure as an issue in its action against CitiFinancial , based in Baltimore , and Citigroup typically does not pursue foreclosures as part of the home equity loans in question , according to a person briefed on the matter .
''Being president and chief operating officer of Yahoo is n't a full-time job ; it 's 7 by 24 . ''
''Microsoft did link how I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul Allen and his venture capital company , Vulcan Ventures , reports that it holds no shares in Priceline.com ; held about 9.1 million shares in company in March 2000 ( S )
Disney 's bankers -- Goldman , Sachs and Bear , Stearns -- have begun working up valuation models that are expected to show that Comcast 's $ 54 billion bid fails to appreciate Disney 's value as a business and a cultural institution , an executive close to Disney said .
''I do n't care if they go up or down , '' said Mr. Chapman , who said he planned to buy Microsoft stock if it went down as expected on Monday .
Although A.T. & T. refuses to disclose sales in the consumer product business , it contends that it is the biggest supplier of cordless telephones in the United States .
Wal-Mart 's fiscal year , like many retailers , ran to the end of January .
Intel 's announcement Tuesday coincided with an announcement by Texas Instruments that it was also reducing power consumption in some of its mobile chips .
Red Hat contributed $ 1 million to the fund .
''We have had too many instances where people could opt out of things , '' said Robert Druskin , Citigroup 's chief operating officer , who oversaw the cost review and will now be responsible for putting those plans to work .
Microsoft has failed to apply its own success formula to interactive media .
Advertising has started to make an appearance into software -- programs person pays for as well as free programs ; for example , people who pay $ 60 to use Intuit 's Quicken Deluxe 2000 financial software find that if they download stock quotes , portfolio update page will contain advertisements ; in another example , users of Qualcomm 's Eudora e-mail who want free upgrade to newest version will download software module that delivers advertisements to their screens ; what is even more disconcerting about both Quicken and Eudora is not so much the ads , but that they flash and change regularly even when software user is not logged on to Internet ; incorporating flashing banner ads into software is work of companies like Radiate Inc , Conducent Technologies and Cydoor Technologies , which help generate revenue for software makers by selling space on software to advertisers ; photos of Web sites with software ads ( M )
Blackstone Group , nation 's largest private equity firm , says it will seek initial public offering that will value firm at as much as $ 40 billion and will offer first glimpse inside its closely guarded money machine ; Blackstone will be first of major private equity firms to go public ; $ 4 billion offering is role reversal for industry that has long espoused benefits of private ownership and has acted as haven for public companies seeking to escape pressure of meeting quarterly earnings estimates as well as scrutiny of regulators ; Morgan Stanley , Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , Credit Suisse , Lehman Brothers and Deutsche Bank are listed as underwriters in offering ( M )
In cutting costs during profitable times , Xerox is following a precedent set by no less a profit machine than the General Electric Company .
For the moment , at least , Google is aiming for that most coveted position in technology : a platform that , like Microsoft 's operating system , is so popular that outside software developers write programs , and Web developers build new Google-related services , that render the Google home page indispensable to the personal computer ecosystem .
Intel , the leader in chips for personal computers , saw earnings rise 58 percent , to $ 1.65 billion , or 92 cents a share , compared with last year 's second quarter .
Over a period of several years , when he headed the United States operations of Wal-Mart and was vice chairman of the company and a board member , he mentioned it frequently to his underlings , almost always to explain why he needed large sums of company money .
Mr. Greenberg , an imperious chief executive who has clashed with regulators in the past , built American International Group over four decades into a global giant in commercial insurance and life insurance .
It had a similar deal with Drugstore.com , but last year that contract was renegotiated to allow Amazon and other merchants to offer health and beauty-related goods on Amazon 's site .
In a Shaky Present , Boeing Weighs Risks of Building a Jet of the Future
Most laid-off ConAgra employees spend their days filling out job applications .
`` We have had a longstanding and very profitable relationship with Bell Atlantic , and we are sure that will continue , '' said Carly Fiorini , president of the North American division of AT & T Network Systems .
Microsoft uses about 6,000 temporary employees , out of a work force of 30,000 worldwide , he said .
About 50,000 Mcintosh computer enthusiasts attend Macworld convention , Boston , Mass ; hear Apple 's new chief executive , Gilbert Amelio , express confidence for future of company ; judging from crowds and standing ovation Amelio received after outlining his plan to restore company 's cachet , Apple still has loyalty of its core clientele ( M )
VS. MICROSOFT : CONSUMERS
What 's more , his vision for Morgan Stanley as a financial supermarket flopped .
Throughout the Microsoft documents , the company makes the case that it is a national asset , central to the nation 's economy , so that disturbing Microsoft would be unfortunate for both the American people and the economy .
In a 12-page security bulletin on its Web site , Microsoft urged customers to be on the alert for programs that displayed a security warning on the user 's screen asking if they wanted to install and run a particular program distributed by Microsoft and verified by VeriSign .
David Pogue column on forthcoming IBM ThinkPad TransNote , whose design is so unconventional that it could be called a 'concept laptop ' ; photo ; drawing ( M )
The Microsoft Corporation has a fresh antitrust challenge on its hands from an unlikely source -- a small software supplier in Connecticut .
Of course , most people are n't likely to be bowled over by the breadth of Apple 's video catalog at the moment .
But Wal-Mart officials said that yesterday 's developments showed that the company had made major improvements in wage compliance .
Microsoft had been accused of using its licensing provisions to punish those that did not accede to Microsoft 's wishes .
MDI Internet Inc , Internet service provider , says error message in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 4.0 is advising its customers to take their business elsewhere ; MDI executive says Microsoft is trying to get his company to move from Unix operating system to Microsoft 's Windows NT , but Microsoft says it was innocent error ; diagram ( S )
In a written reply to questions , an Exxon Mobil spokesman said the company had relayed to the United States government its concerns about the Alien Tort Statute of 1789 , more commonly known as the Alien Tort Claims Act .
Other cardholders have also been surprised to find that MBNA has switched their credit card accounts from the Visa or MasterCard payment systems to cards issued by MBNA 's new partner , the American Express Company .
Mr. Illy is not fazed , noting that the Italians have taken the battle to Starbucks ' home turf .
NPD Group says sales of video game systems and software rose 43 percent in 2001 , to $ 9.4 billion ; Sony 's year-old PlayStation2 dominated market , which received strong lift in November from new consoles from Nintendo and Microsoft Corp ; graph ( S )
Standard & Poor 's confirmed Coca-Cola Femsa 's credit rating , despite the new debt , which Mr. Fernández said the company expected to pay down over the next six years .
It is not about Wal-Mart .
That 's why the I.B.M .
Asked what he would tell employees worried about Merck 's future , he said , ''You have a right to be concerned . ''
Comcast has expressed interest in occupying about 45 percent of the building , Mr. Gattuso said .
AT & T Corp is close to forming wide-ranging partnership with Microsoft Corp as part of intricate web of deals that also would make AT & T winner in battle against Comcast Corp for Mediaone Group Inc ; Comcast bows out of potential bidding war for Mediaone by reaching agreement with AT & T to exchange certain cable systems ; deal would give Comcast additional two million subscribers and AT & T up to $ 9.2 billion ; Microsoft would invest about $ 5 billion in AT & T to acquire 2 to 3 percent of AT & T ; Microsoft would get commitment from AT & T to use Microsoft 's Windows operating system in advanced set-top boxes that AT & T will deploy to offer bundles of digital services ; Microsoft also wants to try to insure access to high-speed networks for its other software and Internet commerce businesses ; Microsoft 's move would also be partly defensive in that it could help company as Internet business moves toward so-called broad-band model in which households are continuously connected to high-speed data lines ; AT & T and Comcast agree to form venture to offer telephone service over Comcast 's cables ; AT & T is buying half of Lenfest Communications it does not already own from company 's chairman Jerry Lenfest ; price is $ 2 billion , or 43 million shares of AT & T stock ; Comcast 's president Brian Roberts will manage those cable systems ( M )
Food and Drug Administration 's decision to force Pfizer to withdraw pain drug Bextra and add warnings to label of similar drug Celebrex has galvanized informal network of lawyers pursuing death and injury suits aimed at two drugs and Merck & Co 's drug Vioxx ; at least one new Bextra suit is filed against Pfizer in Houston , adding to smattering of others from around country in last year ; Louisiana lawyer , anticipating flood of new suits , files motion calling for consolidation of federal Bextra and Celebrex cases ( M )
Alexion Pharmaceuticals says pexelizumab , drug it is developing , prevents serious heart attacks and cognitive impairment in patients who have had coronary bypass surgery ( S )
To bolster its defense , Microsoft has sought the research materials for an unpublished book , ''Competing on Internet Time : Lessons From Netscape and Its Battle with Microsoft , '' by Michael A. Cusumano , a management professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School , and David B. Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
U.S. V. MICROSOFT : THE REACTION -- A Goliath Needs the Little Guys ; Microsoft Faces Challenge of Image Among Consumers
The company also said that it had earned $ 91 million , or 2 cents a share , for 2002 as a whole , making it Xerox 's first profitable year since 1999 .
To break the impasse , Conrail agreed last Friday to sell the company for $ 10.3 billion to CSX , which is negotiating to split the line with Norfolk Southern .
Microsoft agrees to pay about $ 200 million to settle consumer class-action lawsuits in North Carolina , Tennessee , North Dakota , South Dakota , Kansas and District of Columbia ; suits contend Microsoft used it monopoly position to overcharge customers for software ; similar suits are pending in five other states ( M )
While Citigroup has not historically had the elite cachet in mergers-and-acquisitions advising as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs have , Mr. McGuire hopes to help raise the bank 's status and become more of a ''trusted adviser '' -- or a bank that can be counted on to provide sound counsel beyond simply selling advice as a another product , along with lending and underwriting .
Major wireless carriers are beginning to offer long-awaited practical high-speed data services that enable cellphones users to transmit and receive video clips , television , streaming music , satellite navigation and high-quality games ; services are far from perfect and coverage is spotty ; Verizon is acknowledged leader so far , having built new network in last few years ; major competing cellphone technologies described ; photo ( M )
That threat did not come until June 1996 , a year after the Microsoft-Netscape meeting .
Yahoo acquires Launch Media , Web music broadcast site that lets users personalize play lists ; transaction is valued at $ 12 million ( S )
Mr. Roth , in the conference call , listed steps that he and other Interpublic senior executives are taking to stimulate such growth .
Procter & Gamble has set a highly publicized 10-year goal of doubling its revenues to about $ 70 billion by 2005 .
The Intel Corporation , the world 's largest chip maker , will unleash today its largest advertising campaign supporting its semiconductors for server systems .
The article appeared in Time the morning after the television version of the report was broadcast on the debut edition of a new CNN program called ''Newsstand : CNN and Time , '' an unusual collaboration between the two news organizations , which are both owned by Time Warner Inc .
But will Hewlett-Packard 's low-maintenance machines with faster printing speeds be enough to overcome Kodak 's brand , which has meant preserving memories for several generations of Americans ?
In a conference call with investors , Mr. Semel said that Yahoo had recently expanded its sales to Gap and General Motors , among others .
AT & T and Comcast agreed to form a venture to offer telephone service over Comcast 's cables .
Another top investment banker is leaving Morgan Stanley , adding to the exodus of executive departures that has plagued the firm over the last seven weeks .
Comcast has 21.5 million subscribers , and about 7 million of them take high-speed Internet access and about 1.2 million take telephone service .
In contrast , Albertson 's and Home Depot are retailers , an area that G.E .
General Motors said today that it planned to restructure its stake in Isuzu Motors by taking control of parts of the troubled Japanese automaker 's diesel division and cutting its equity stake in the whole company to 12 percent from 49 percent now .
One of Judge Jackson 's clerks said today that the judge would have no comment about the criticism of him in the Microsoft brief .
''We 're a bit further removed , but I think there is as much interest here as there is in the States , '' said Derek McAuley , the assistant director of Microsoft 's research lab in Cambridge , Microsoft Research Ltd. ''When I talk to my friends at the pub , there is an understanding of the principles of antitrust , but there is some confusion as to why this litigation is being brought to bear against us . ''
The reason the two sides have not simply parted company is that AT & T already owns 52 percent of Lin , as a result of AT & T 's $ 12 billion acquisition last year of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. McCaw owned the Lin stake , and AT & T picked up McCaw 's option to buy the rest .
Kellogg said most of the jobs to be eliminated would come from its headquarters in Battle Creek , Mich .
Mr. Manber said that A9 had no current plans to include paid ads in search results or to give a preference to products sold on Amazon .
And DuPont Nylon awarded duties for its Nylon , Supplex and Tactel apparel brands to Doner in Southfield , Mich. , which already handles four brands for the DuPont Dacron unit .
As lawsuits against Merck began to multiple , Ms. Lewis was appointed by a federal judge to a panel of lawyers charged with overseeing the gathering of records concerning Vioxx from the company .
personal computer business this month , named I.B.M .
Merck & Company said earnings rose 21.6 percent in the quarter , to $ 1.04 billion , or 87 cents a share , compared with $ 857.8 million , or 70 cents , in the quarter a year earlier .
By comparison , Campbell eliminated the advertising sibling of the Campbell Media Alliance -- Foote , Cone & Belding Worldwide -- from its agency roster in November .
Despite that requirement , there is nothing that rules out the possibility that Johnson & Johnson will come back with yet another offer , although that now appears unlikely .
''We are bearish on banks over all , '' Mr. Mayo said , adding that Citigroup was confronting a wider range of problems than most banks .
Apple would not comment on the legislation .
General Mills Inc is seeking creative ideas from DDB Needham Chicago and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising for cereal brand , Golden Grahams , that is handled by Campbell Mithun Esty ; billings estimated at $ 20 million ( S )
Mr. Turner , the cable television pioneer who is vice chairman of Time Warner , has more to gain than anybody from a sale of the company to America Online .
In trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , True North shares closed at $ 38.12 , down $ 1.19 or 3 percent , and Interpublic shares closed at $ 34.12 , down $ 1.13 or 3.2 percent .
Indeed , the deal they have struck to create the new AT & T Comcast gives the Roberts family effective control , with 33 percent of the voting rights , though less than 1 percent of the equity .
Nick Wood , a Shell spokesman , said Shell wanted to include Exxon Mobil because ''it 's a massive project , and we believe the project will benefit from combining the skills and experience '' of all the companies .
Liberty , which is controlled by John C. Malone , also owned 18 percent of the News Corporation .
New services for the hand-held communications device include instant messaging offerings from Yahoo and the America Online unit of Time Warner , the companies announced yesterday in conjunction with the CTIA Wireless show in New Orleans .
Correction : July 27 , 2006 , Thursday Because of an editing error , the E-Commerce Report in Business Day on Monday about the addition of a grocery store category on Amazon.com misstated the number of product categories on the site .
NEC will shut down its memory chip operation in the United States , stop making inexpensive liquid crystal displays , spin off its personal computer business and sell its laser printer business to a competitor , Fuji-Xerox , a joint venture of Xerox and the Fuji Photo Film Company .
Shares of Pfizer edged up 9 cents today , to $ 33.09 , while Pharmacia shares rose 11 cents , to $ 44.69 .
According to the report , Yahoo led all sites with more than 7.5 billion ad impressions during December 2000 .
This year , the company is finally selling substantial numbers of digital cellular telephones , allowing Motorola to compete against Nokia of Finland and Ericsson of Sweden .
''I would be very surprised if Express Scripts and Caremark ever get together , '' said Andrew L. Speller , an analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
In the envelope is a $ 50 check ; when it clears , A.T. & T. is authorized to switch the customer from MCI , Sprint or other long-distance carrier .
Donald R Knauss , head of Coca-Cola Co 's North American retail division , is named president of entire North American business ; job has been held by Steven J Heyer ; photo ( M )
Alice Sheets Marriott , matriarch of family whose name stands on thousands of hotels worldwide , dies at age 92 ; photo ( M )
Cisco Sales Rise 66 % , as Profits Exceed Expectations
''Our objective is to remove barriers between us and the broadcasters , '' said Ron Whittier , a senior vice president for Intel .
Amazon.com , with help of A9 subsidiary , joins Yahoo , Google and other companies by introducing electronic equivalent of yellow pages local search service that can display photos of neighborhood businesses ( M )
Perhaps the most encouraging news from the perspective of the wider computing market was Microsoft 's sales among corporate customers .
In an interview , H. Lee Scott Jr. , Wal-Mart 's chief executive , said that ''it has reached the point where there are issues that take specialized skills to get to the bottom of . ''
Microsoft executives said they were also encouraged by the performance of the company 's MSN Internet businesses , both a collection of Web sites and an Internet access service .
''My suspicion all along was that they said spring to try to steal some thunder from Microsoft and get people to put off buying an Xbox 360 , '' he said .
Jordan was not the subject of an all-out marketing blitz by Nike before his first game .
Later this week Microsoft will reintroduce its MSN network , already the third-largest online service , by broadening it into an Internet access provider that features its own information and entertainment ''content . ''
Toyota , the world 's third-largest auto maker , already has , by its own count , nearly 9.5 percent of the world market , behind 17 percent for General Motors and 13 percent for Ford .
With new rivals coming to market , and class-action suits piling up against Iridium , Mr. Richardson is trying to negotiate with the banks and bondholders and win cost concessions from Motorola and the independent franchises .
The .Net strategy appears to mirror Microsoft 's intent of the mid-1990 's .
Chambers 's comments could ignite some optimism among investors in Cisco and its peers .
''You could tell there was some Champagne being uncorked over at the Microsoft studios , '' said Sid Shuman , a contributing editor for GamePro magazine .
IBM reports solid gains in sales and profit for first quarter , showing again company has made itself into bulwark of comparative stability amid deep slump in technology business ; revenue was $ 20.1 billion , up 11 percent from year earlier ; profit increased 8 percent ; chief financial officer John Joyce comments ( Market Place column ) ( M )
In addition , Honeywell may be an especially ripe target for plaintiffs because a manager at Bendix , the Honeywell subsidiary that is the target of the suits because it makes brake linings that once contained asbestos , wrote in a 1966 letter that his response to concerns about asbestos was : ''If you have enjoyed a good life while working with asbestos products why not die from it . ''
Jack L. Stahl , who had worked at Coke for two decades , has resigned as president and chief operating officer .
To prevent Microsoft from abusing its monopoly power in the future , Judge Jackson has ordered that it be broken into two separate companies , one for operating systems and one for applications and hardware .
According to Mr. Goldman , in 1996 the Olympics helped lift Coca-Cola 's advertising spending , primarily in broadcast media , to $ 287 million , up substantially from $ 183 million the year before .
Wal-Mart fired the employee it said was responsible for taping the calls , a man named Bruce Gabbard , and said his actions were unauthorized .
Two said they believed that remedies keeping Microsoft intact but forcing the company to modify its behavior would be sufficient .
The new strategy could eat into Xerox 's profits in the short term , particularly if competitors respond with price cuts of their own .
The verdict in Texas came after a lawyer for Merck conducted a tough cross-examination of Carol Ernst , the widow who brought the lawsuit .
Its soft white case and gentle curves fit Apple 's design scheme , and it sits on a chrome base that can clip connecting wires down and out of sight .
I.B.M .
Analysts who follow Oracle 's products agreed that the new database software had a lot to offer .
Entertainment Tonight is produced by Paramount Television , another division of CBS .
''We think shares were the same between Intel and its competitors , '' he said .
