So when a stumbling AT & T announced plans last year to spin off its cable properties , Brian Roberts , Comcast 's president , saw a chance to get even and big at the same time .
The Exxon Mobil Corporation said yesterday that it would cut 16,000 jobs , or about 13 percent of its work force , in an effort to increase its cost savings to $ 3.8 billion a year by 2002 .
John M Youngdahl , former senior economist at Goldman Sachs , pleads guilty to criminal charges in connection with purchase of millions of dollars of 30-year bonds and bond futures minutes ahead of Treasury Department 's announcement in 2001 that it was ending sale of such bonds ; also settles separate insider trading case brought by Securities and Exchange Commission , neither admitting nor denying any wrongdoing in case ; Youngdahl will pay civil penalty of $ 240,000 to SEC if approved by court ; received advance notice of Treasury 's decision to halt sales of 30-year bond on Oct 31 , 2001 from Washington consultant Peter J Davis ; photo ( M )
Yet despite the softer image , which will be presented in a wave of advertising next year , industry analysts said Intel 's fortunes will still hinge on the ability of its chip designers to recapture some of the company 's once unchallenged lead in the microprocessor business .
And in Po Bronson 's ''The First $ 20 Million Is Always the Hardest '' ( Random House ) , Microsoft and Intel hover in the background as their fictional counterpart twists the arm of a distinguished think tank ; the hero and his crew end up being sent out of Eden by the ''Wintel '' cartel for disloyalty -- a.k.a .
Eric Rothdeutsch , a managing director with Robertson Stephens , said Advanced Micro benefited from the price and performance of its Athlon XP chips compared with Intel 's offerings .
A state judge in Manhattan extended a temporary restraining order yesterday to prevent several private insurance agencies controlled by Maurice R. Greenberg from taking business from American International Group .
Apple Computer Inc announces series of aggressive performance improvements and price cuts on its desktop computers for consumers and professionals , and previews first upgrade of its new OS X operating system ; chief executive Steven Jobs demonstrates new operating system at Macworld Expo in New York ; photo ( M )
Verizon Airfone has more than 100,000 handsets fixed to seatbacks on United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , Continental Airlines , US Airways and some regional carriers , Mr. Pallone said .
Amazon Says Sales Soared As Quarterly Loss Narrowed
Agilent is selling CIT some assets of its equipment-financing and leasing business , not the entire business .
Apple said the larger player could hold 15,000 songs , 25,000 photos or 150 hours of video .
Mr. Rosen described Microsoft 's extensive linking to his site as an attempt to weaken the value of that deal .
Mr. Linsey yesterday sent a federal judge a letter that he said was mailed to Wal-Mart 's chief executive , Lee Scott , by a businessman who complained that his company had lost contracts at several Wal-Marts in the South to contractors who used illegal immigrants .
And though investors were cheered by the near-term cost savings from killing the program , Boeing has yet to say what it will do with that cash , Mr. Demisch said .
Another alliance , led by Comcast , Cox , Time Warner Cable and others , has put down $ 638 million .
But while taking full control of the wireless division would allow Verizon to include all the profits from its mobile phone division on its income statements , some investors say that Verizon would be smarter to sit tight , at least for now .
Some officials and other advising federal government are skeptical about Crown Prince Abdullah 's ability to fulfill pledge he made in April to increase Saudi oil production capacity significantly ; challenges facing Bush administration on energy come as oil companies are set to report record profits resulting from soaring prices for oil and natural gas ; Exxon Mobil is expected to announce quarterly profit exceeding $ 8.5 billion ; graph ; photo ( M )
One indication of their more aggressive approach came yesterday when an I.B.M .
Motorola 's case had already became a cautionary tale about doing business in Russia , where despite the great economic gains in recent years , demands for kickbacks and bribes are an everyday part of life .
Floyd Norris column on how Mattel Inc investors lost of millions of dollars ; Carnegie Investment Management obtained millions of shares in Mattel by promising to pay more than market price ; it got shares , but did not pay for them ; Carnegie Investment did that through tender offer that seemed legitimate ; word of tender was distributed by Depository Trust Corp , backbone of country 's share-trading network ; shares would end up in account of Paine Webber ; Jeffrey and Hubert Leach , who were behind the tender , borrowed $ 10 million against value of stock they had not paid for ; they used money for what their broker described as 'day trading ' in technology stocks ; but that trading did not go well , and Mattel 's stock price also slid ; there were margin calls , and Paine Webber sold some of stock to cover losses in account , while Carnegie filed for bankruptcy ; Norris suggests Wall Street institutions involved should step up and reimburse investors who have suffered because precautions were not taken ; graph ( M )
Ending one of the most rancorous negotiations in the history of cable television , Time Warner Inc. and the Walt Disney Company completed a deal that allows the cable company to continue carrying Disney 's ABC television stations for the next six years .
I.B.M .
Especially in Texas , the epicenter of a Union Pacific crisis that began last year , rail yards have opened up and traffic is flowing more smoothly , the company has said in its weekly reports .
''The numbers look wonderful , '' said Albert J. Meyer , an accountant and investment analyst , about Coca-Cola 's financial reporting system .
Procter is striving to double sales to more than $ 70 billion in the next few years and speed the development and introduction of products with worldwide sales potential like Fabreze , a fabric deodorizer .
He noted that the pickup in National Semiconductor 's orders was primarily in the company 's personal computer-based product lines , and that Intel , of course , was uniquely positioned to benefit from stronger PC sales .
Pacific Blue takes the speed title from Sandia Red , a computer at Sandia National Laboratory built by Intel that was finished in December 1996 and is about half as fast .
NBC and Amazon Aim Store at Viewers
I.B.M .
Just as Madison Avenue Sellout is being described as the first event of its kind , the pro bono project created by Ammirati Puris is that Interpublic-owned agency 's first campaign about AIDS , said Howard Lesman , executive vice president and managing director .
Home Depot Board Faces New Outcry
That is less than half the premium offered in October by Bank of America to FleetBoston shareholders , a price many analysts and bankers called too expensive then .
The MSN 8 software represents an effort by Microsoft to catch up in areas where AOL is still perceived to have an advantage .
Boeing and Lockheed , Prime Builders , Face Questions in Shuttle Inquiry
EBay says profit rose 28 percent in first quarter and revenue topped $ 1 billion for first time ; net income was $ 256.3 million , up from $ 200.1 million year ago ; revenue was $ 1.032 billion , up 36 percent from year earlier ( M )
City Council Transportation Committee hearing on Metropolitan Transportation Authority takes critical tone as committee members demand reasons why safety measures suggested after Sept 11 attacks have not been implemented ; $ 212 million contract with Lockheed Martin Corp , which is one of few plans MTA will discuss , is also scrutinized ; MTA says that specific plans can not be discussed because revealing them could jeopardize public safety ( M )
Union Pacific to Limit Traffic on Its Tracks
Microsoft spokesmen say that Bluetooth is more reliable and secure than conventional radio connections and more versatile .
Argentina is mired in worst economic crisis in its history and Uruguay appears to be only South American nation that is being taken under by its neighbor 's troubles ; Uruguayan government has been scrambling to adjust ; Moody 's Investors Service has lowered Uruguay 's precious investment-grade rating to junk status , saying country is 'increasingly vulnerable to macroeconomic shocks emanating from Argentina ' ; Uruguay last year had its third year of economic contraction , with gross domestic product falling 2 percent ; GDP is expected to decline similar amount this year ; when Argentines were forced to devalue their currency in January , Uruguayan government reacted by doubling , to 12 percent , band in which it allows its peso to float ; Uruguay 's mostly dollar-denominated debt adds up to more than 60 percent of GDP because of devaluation ; map ; photo ( M )
When William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , was putting Windows 98 through its paces at the Comdex Spring Computer Show in Chicago , his computer crashed .
As a paid consultant , he meets with top executives , gives talks to employees and recently wrote nutritional words of wisdom about diet and breast cancer for table displays to go into all McDonald 's restaurants in the United States for Mother 's Day .
Companies like A.T. & T. , MCI Communications and Sprint are opposed to letting the regional Bell companies compete in their market .
Another rating service , Standard & Poor 's , on Friday downgraded the long-term credit rating of Interpublic to one level above junk status .
Stepping up its attack on Microsoft 's core business , Google plans to make available on Tuesday a test version of a Web-based spreadsheet program that is intended to make it simple to edit and share lists and data online .
Coca-Cola 's share price fell $ 1.063 yesterday to finish the day at $ 63.75 .
At a conference of institutional investors on Tuesday , the day after the details of the settlement were announced , Mr. Purcell said : ''I do n't see anything in the settlement that will concern the retail investor about Morgan Stanley .
In this climate , the senior WB executives overseeing comedy development , scheduling and casting lost their jobs on Dec. 9 , part of a round of work force reductions that also extended to other parts of the Time Warner empire .
But Aetna 's new heft will give it only 10 percent of the national market and up to 30 percent of some regional markets .
The people said that Mr. Bijur had initiated the discussions with Chevron last summer when crude oil prices plunged to about $ 14 a barrel .
Executives from Visa , MasterCard and American Express tell Congressional panel that they are determined to eliminate use of their services in Internet child pornography business , but find it difficult to keep pace with those who seek to exploit children on Web ; call for broad collaboration among those in financial services industry and law enforcement authorities around world ; coalition of financial institutions and Interrnet companies seeks to follow money in effort to eradicate such business by 2008 ( M )
In a small town in South Texas , a long legal journey will begin this week for Merck , the giant drug maker , and thousands of people who suffered heart attacks and strokes after taking its painkiller Vioxx .
The Yahoo venture comes on top of a similar arrangement Verizon has with MSN , the Microsoft portal .
When Mr. Rusnak did a trade with other firms under these agreements , the trade would always appear in Allfirst 's trading systems as a trade with Bank of America or Citibank .
The official , L. Nick Lacey , the acting director of the Flight Standards Service , said the problem at Alaska Airlines was not simply the specific flaws found , but the pattern of errors and the failure to correct them .
and there will not be resistance from Microsoft , '' said Mr. Cohen , who leads a consortium that promotes the adoption of Linux .
In September the officials , including two Microsoft employees also serving on the committee , traveled to six countries on a trip that critics said was a thinly disguised effort to promote Microsoft and I.B.M .
With Exxon Mobil planning to build a pipeline capable of delivering 800 million cubic feet of gas a day to Japan , the company 's local unit , Exxon Neftegas Project Services , opened a marketing unit in Tokyo in late August .
While every Wall Street firm has been under intense regulatory scrutiny , Morgan Stanley has stood out as one of a few firms consistently in the crosshairs of regulators for taking an adversarial position during investigations .
; Viacom Sues Google Over Video Clips on Its Sharing Web Site
Another investor , Cerberus , led a group that recently purchased a 51 percent stake in the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , the automaker 's financing arm .
Mark R. Anderson , editor of The Strategic News Service , a technology newsletter , said , ''If it is really going to enter another growth phase , Microsoft needs more management help and more of a structure . ''
While I regularly use Yahoo 's Shopping search tool and the MySimon price-comparison site , I have been trained not to expect comprehensive answers .
Airbus Industrie , Boeing 's aggressive European challenger , says yes .
A heated battle to buy Associated British Ports , which controls 21 ports in Britain , is pitting Goldman Sachs against Macquarie Bank of Australia .
Since 1995 , when Mr. Bezos started Amazon.com , superstores operated by Borders , Barnes & Noble and Books-a-Million have also increased their collective share of book sales almost as much as online stores , according to Ipsos-NPD .
The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company is expected to announce today that it has signed a deal with Sumitomo Rubber Industries Ltd. that will effectively give Goodyear control of most of the debt-laden Japanese company 's tire operations .
I.B.M .
Citigroup Listens and Listens to Holders
Peter Conte , a Boeing spokesman , said the company was willing to speak with Federal mediators , but had no scheduled meetings .
Bids are due from competing suitors of AT & T 's cable television division , largest US cable TV operation , with 14.4 million customers ; AOL Time Warner , Comcast and Cox Communications are expected to submit formal offers ; photo ( M )
That project , with investors that also include Exxon Mobil , has been repeatedly delayed , in part because of issues surrounding land claims by native groups along the route .
The decline at Merck helped pull down the Dow Jones industrial average by 2 percent yesterday .
Leading computing executives , including Microsoft 's chief executive , William H. Gates , huddled for two hours today with Attorney General Janet Reno and the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to discuss disagreements between the industry and the Government over data scrambling .
When the Sprint Corporation announced earlier this month an ambitious plan to upgrade its network , the major equipment partner was Cisco , not a traditional telecommunications company .
''A stronger General Mills is emerging , and that 's what the industry needs , '' said Jeffrey G. Kanter , an analyst for Prudential Securities .
Perhaps to soften that image , Mr. Murdoch has portrayed himself in letters to the Bancroft family as a fellow owner of a family business who would be a steward for the newspaper and maintain its independence .
For Kodak , that means a choppy sail through uncharted , and possibly shark-infested , waters .
Producer Returns To CBS Mornings
General Motors said today that two strikes in Michigan that have crippled its car and truck production were illegal , taking an unusually hard stance against its national union over local walkouts .
Another 2,500 or so I.B.M .
General Electric Co cuts its profit estimate for 2003 and says it will take $ 2.1 billion pretax charge this quarter to increase reserves at its insurance division ; company 's stock rises 8.2 percent as investors discount charge and focus on company 's plans to raise its dividend and its optimistic projections for several divisions ; chairman-chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt says he expects sluggish economic recovery next year ; graph ; photo ( M )
Cisco might seem to sell primarily hardware : nondescript black boxes costing from several hundred to several thousand dollars each , which labor away unseen in closets or equipment racks .
The Intel Pocket PC Camera , which begins selling today , allows consumers to take Internet-ready photos and record short video clips at or away from the personal computer .
''I.B.M .
Possible candidates include AT & T 's 25.5 percent stake in Time Warner Entertainment as well as a multibillion-dollar stake in the Comcast Corporation , another large cable operator .
US economic problems signal that nation 's merchant 's and their suppliers , already over-extended , are probably about to experience painful shake-out , where chains are forced to close or scale back their ambitions ; Harvey Miller , who is head of restructuring practice at law firm of Wel , Gotshal & Manges , says Bradlees and Montgomery Ward are edge of curve ; Moody 's Investors Service says likelihood that publicly held retail companies will default sometime this year on bank loan , outstanding bond or other form of debt has doubled from beginning of 2000 ; graphs ; photos ( M )
Analysts said the stand-alone office copier market was a large segment that Xerox had paid little attention to as it struggled to gain control of its costs and debts .
''It 's far from clear what the solution to the debt problem is , '' said Vincent Truglia , managing director in charge of government ratings at Moody 's .
The challenge for the Microsoft agency , the San Francisco office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , was to communicate computer power and human excitement at the same time .
Alan C. Milstein , their lawyer , said that other patients might be added to the suit but that it was more efficient to start with two plaintiffs because the goal was to get the court quickly to order Amgen to provide the drug .
American Express says many merchants prefer online billing because it is updated daily .
Even Ulysses Yannas , an analyst with Buckman , Buckman & Reid who is among a dwindling few giving Kodak shares a buy rating , is impatient .
Verizon Communications announced plans yesterday to add a $ 2 to $ 3 monthly surcharge to the cost of its high-speed Internet connections , a move that could fuel further debate over the taxation of online services .
With General Electric pushing to increase employee contributions toward health coverage , union leaders said they might call a strike if G.E. , one of the world 's most profitable companies , pressed too hard on the issue .
Pfizer is conducting a 25,000-patient trial to examine whether torcetrapib reduces deaths and heart attacks .
Amati 's technology allows modems containing the sorts of chips Texas Instruments makes to speed the transmission of data .
National Council of Women 's Organizations expresses disappointment over IBM 's decision to continue sponsorship of Masters Tournament , despite NCWO 's attempt to force Augusta National Golf Club to allow women members ; Augusta National dropped corporate sponsors so that companies like IBM would not feel pressured to take side ( M )
Morgan Stanley and Lehman suggest how well firms did in 1996 .
A day after the palm computing unit of the 3Com Corporation announced an ambitious alliance with Nokia to make its software available on mobile phones , the Microsoft Corporation struck back by announcing its own alliance with British Telecommunications to develop new ways to get access to the Internet wirelessly using Windows CE , a scaled-down version of Windows 98 used in hand-held digital devices .
Ford Motor agreed to invest $ 49 million in a Chinese joint venture that will assemble passenger cars in that country , which is expected to eventually become one of the world 's largest car markets .
Last year , before the Blue on Blue program , I.B.M .
In a statement posted Tuesday on the Lindows Web site , the company 's founder , Michael L. Robertson , said overseas lawsuits by Microsoft that challenge the company 's name would force Lindows to adopt a new name for Europe and other foreign markets .
''This is a good deal for everyone , '' said Lawrence T. Babbio , Verizon 's vice chairman .
Yahoo 's lawyers in France said they regretted the decision .
Maybe the designers of the site were too much in awe of the Wal-Mart experience .
and Intel spokesmen all refused to comment this weekend on the possible shift in alliances .
On May 13 , Fed officials told other company executives of the likely downgrade , and Capital One 's general counsel barred senior executives from trading in the company 's shares .
Intel 's digital enterprise group , which develops products for businesses , was the biggest loser , posting a 22 percent decline in revenues , while the mobility group , which makes processors for notebook computers , saw revenues rise 3 percent .
Joan Guggenheimer , former counsel at Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase , dies at age 54 ( M )
In yet another savings approach , Mr. Abramowitz said , Aetna has been devoting more attention to the 20 percent of patients who account for about 80 percent of medical expenses .
''As part of the agreement , Huawei has stopped selling the products at issue in Cisco 's lawsuit and will only offer for sale new modified products on a worldwide basis , '' a Cisco spokeswoman , Penny Bruce , said .
The article also misstated the processing power of a rival console , Microsoft 's Xbox 360 .
Time Warner is also considering buying back its own stock , he said .
The biggest effect of the Microsoft case in Europe could prove to be on its many alliances and partnerships .
Texas Instruments Inc. said today that first-quarter profit before special charges rose 28 percent , reflecting strong sales of its specialty communications chips that helped it outperform Motorola Inc. , the Intel Corporation and other semiconductor makers suffering from falling prices and slumping demand .
In what is considered the largest gift ever by a living person to a foundation , the chairman of Microsoft , William H. Gates , and his wife , Melinda French Gates , today announced a gift of $ 5 billion to the William H. Gates Foundation .
The principal competitor of Coca-Cola , the Pepsi-Cola Company unit of PepsiCo , plans a major summer promotional program with Yahoo , the Internet portal .
While Mr. Brass is anxious to expand ClearType to all of Microsoft 's products , he said that Reader offered at least a stopgap way to make text easier to read .
Despite the recent rally , Citigroup 's stock essentially trades in the same range it did three years ago , when Mr .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter will sell limited access to research by its stock analysts to customers of its Internet brokerage service ; move will be first by major brokerage firm to give same-day access to research to customers who do not pay full commissions on stock trades ( M )
Duke Energy , the power generation and trading company , said yesterday that it planned to buy the Canadian natural gas pipeline and distribution company Westcoast Energy for $ 3.5 billion .
I.B.M .
Shares of Exxon Mobil fell 13 cents , to $ 66.47 , in New York Stock Exchange trading .
The newest cottage industry that owes its existence to eBay is online liquidation , in which companies take unwanted merchandise from retailers and auction it online .
Yesterday 's deal appeared to be Microsoft 's biggest move yet into the fast-growing wireless communications market .
Citigroup pocketed the discounts , instead of passing them along to shareholders .
''People thought Apple 's recovery was moving in one direction and suddenly they found out it was moving in reverse . ''
Merck plunged $ 2.06 , or 4.3 percent , to $ 45.75 , after a 2.2 percent drop on Monday .
At the time , Mr. Ballmer sent an e-mail message to Microsoft employees explaining that the job of chief operating officer would not be filled , in part to promote faster decision-making and a more entrepreneurial style in the business units .
Exxon Mobil has 30 percent of the consortium , which also includes a Japanese group of 13 companies ; two Russian partners , RN-Astra and SMNG-Shelf ; and ONGC Videsh Ltd. of India .
$ 5.6 Billion Deal by Yahoo Reported Set
A low-fare airline tries to build brand awareness by giving away goodies like guitars and Apple iPods .
Starbucks , which began installing Wi-Fi sites in partnership with T-Mobile in the spring of 2001 , tested its first digital freebie last May -- an audio interview with the singer Sheryl Crow .
Exxon Corp will use pooling of interests accounting method for its merger with Mobil , move that will erase from its ledgers $ 50 billion premium it has agreed to pay ; method , usually used for mergers of equals , greatly restricts how combined company can run many parts of business ( M )
team , '' said John R. Joyce , I.B.M .
In a conference call with analysts held after the markets closed on Tuesday , Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive , said his company bought 5.5 million shares of Retek common stock this week , representing nearly 10 percent of the total shares outstanding .
Despite Johnson & Johnson 's public comments about what it perceived to be the diminished value of Guidant , the company is still interested in acquiring it .
As a result , CBS denounced the Tele-Communications-Microsoft arrangement , which was announced last month .
With its sleek silver back and glowing red underbelly and taillight , the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer , which will become available in September , is the most visually striking computer mouse yet .
Mr. Anda said in a statement that he ''was thrilled to be back at Morgan Stanley . ''
In another jolt to the health insurance business , shares in Aetna Inc. , one of the largest health insurers , plunged nearly 12 percent yesterday after the company announced the abrupt departure of a key financial executive .
Microsoft executives said that they believe that customers are willing to pay for such things as Microsoft Office software as well as the ability to be instantly notified about everything from a late airplane flight to the availability of a book they wish to purchase .
A lot has changed since 1945 , the exact midpoint between the passage of the Sherman Antitrust Act in 1890 and the Microsoft ruling today .
For Amazon , one big benefit is a steady stream of cash without the costs associated with a warehouse of products .
The patented software uses artificial intelligence intended to detect and expose viruses that have not been seen before , and then alert an I.B.M .
There is no prospect of reviving the MCI deal , regardless of the court 's decision , but the stakes will be anything but academic on Thursday , when some of the most respected legal minds in Europe are to congregate in the court 's largest courtroom for the Microsoft hearing .
After all , this was a big reason AT & T wants BellSouth and full control of Cingular , which is jointly owned by AT & T and BellSouth .
Some officials said a consensus was developing among the state and federal officers involved in settlement talks with Microsoft that a structural remedy was needed -- one that refashions the company or its products in some way .
Charles Joseph Luethke , the middleman , early this year asked Morgan Stanley for instructions on how to return $ 10,000 paid to him by the firm within days of the employee 's arrest , a confidential document shows .
A combination with Whirlpool is likely to face scrutiny from regulators who may worry that a merged company -- depending on how the market is defined , the combined company would manufacture about 50 percent of the nation 's appliances -- would be too dominant .
Analysts also say that while Comcast has superbly managed its cable businesses , they are concerned that its management team may not be broad enough to take on Disney .
He heard similar testimony last year , when he was deciding on the Government 's request for an order barring Microsoft from bundling Internet Explorer with Windows 95 .
''Without knowing our intention , I can see why people would get bent out of shape , and they have , '' said Tim Brady , vice president for production at Yahoo .
Yahoo engineers say Panama has some unique features , like a ''quality index '' that gives advertisers a sense of how the system will rank an ad , and sophisticated analytical tools that give advertisers insights on why certain campaigns are effective .
If Microsoft goes that route , it will spend its money on campaign contributions and its management time parrying legal thrusts .
Shares of Pfizer have risen 25 percent since early December , when they fell to an eight-year low .
''No matter how much the alliances shift , it does n't affect the central fact of Microsoft 's monopoly and how it has used and abused its market power to protect its monopoly , '' said David Boies , the Justice Department 's lead trial lawyer in the Microsoft case .
The Target designs also illuminate an underlying philosophical contradiction that has weakened many of Mr. Graves 's buildings .
''We 're doing everything that could be reasonably expected under the circumstances , '' said James Fetig , a Lockheed Martin spokesman .
''The Boeing board does not want to see a return to the lurid rumors surrounding Phil Condit 's private life .
TiVo teams up with the Omnicom Group to tell the world about digital video recorders .
The Market Place column in Business Day on Thursday , about Microsoft 's new employee compensation plan , misstated the type of grants involved and their tax treatment in some circumstances .
America Online vice president John Borthwick urges Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to require Microsoft to license stripped-down version of its Windows operating system that computer makers and other companies could choose to package with Web browsers , media players and other software components made by Microsoft competitors ; Microsoft lawyer Richard C Pepperman , in his cross-examination of Borthwick , says stripping components out of Windows would prevent separate set of third-party programs that depended on them from working ( M )
It is one of the first times Cisco has closely aligned itself with a traditional telephone company , executives said .
But Mr. Allen also got 750,000 stock options to buy AT & T stock at $ 63.50 ; the stock closed today at $ 64 , down $ 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Many publishing executives are concerned that Wal-Mart 's strong position in magazine sales might put the chain in the role of taste maker for the industry as a whole .
But it is in part the jarring juxtaposition of idealism with a cutthroat competitive drive that earned Microsoft its reputation as the software industry 's ''Evil Empire . ''
Market Place column on Astra AB 's expected announcement that Astra is buying Merck & Co 's share of Astra-Merck , joint venture formed by two companies in 1994 ; Astra 's acquisition could give Merck & Co about $ 4 billion windfall ( M )
He also compared Microsoft to a baseball team that had stolen game signals from the other side .
In a hearing last month , Sun asked the court for a preliminary injunction to stop Microsoft from shipping Windows 98 until it had modified the newest version of its operating system to comply with Sun 's version of Java .
Intel and other semiconductor makers are interested in the new market for television because it shares many advantages with their traditional personal computer markets and has some rewards that traditional semiconductor markets lack .
Merck executives had first considered and rejected the possibility of directly studying Vioxx 's cardiovascular risks in 2000 , but they apparently soon altered course after the publication of the medical journal article by Dr. Topol and others .
On March 10 , at a meeting of the National Association of Theater Owners , two new electronic projectors -- one by Texas Instruments that relies on a chip with more than a million tiny mirrors , and a competing technology using what is called a light valve produced by Hughes-JVC -- will demonstrate what they can do .
One friend of hers said she had expressed great enthusiasm about making this change in her career because she had come to believe that CBS News was , as her friend put it , ''a very dynamic place right now . ''
The dueling demonstrations on Capitol Hill were intended to convince key representatives that high-definition TV was either compelling and essential , in the view of networks and broadcast equipment companies , or superfluous and wasteful , in the view of Microsoft and Fox Television , a unit of the News Corporation .
Microsoft asserted that the nine groups and individuals supporting the government 's case either had no particular unique knowledge in the case , or were strong competitors or representatives of competitors .
Elias Levy , chief technology officer for SecurityFocus.com , which researches computer security issues , called the attack remarkable because of how heavily reinforced the Yahoo site is .
If Microsoft begins working with other car makers , ''will Ford have access to purchase requests ? ''
While the appeals court found little merit in Microsoft 's arguments for bundling its browser with Windows , the court did not say that the company was prohibited from adding new features to its operating system .
Microsoft , which does not plan to revamp its network until early next year , wants to take the next six months or so to determine which communications equipment makers will get the bulk of its business .
*An acknowledgment that Interpublic will not meet earnings estimates for all of 2002 .
And many analysts say that while Xerox has repaired the structural damage caused by a botched reorganization of the sales force early last year , it is having trouble recruiting the high-powered sales representatives it needs to regain its dominance in high-end copiers .
Jesse Jackson 's Rainbow/PUSH Coalition in Chicago and announced that two black-owned investment firms had each been given $ 200 million of Boeing pension fund assets to manage .
EBay presents some intriguing challenges for any supplier of technology .
Frequent Flier column on some of Carnival Corp vice president Giora Israel 's experiences flying ; photo ( M )
Digital returned some of the documents but it insisted that it had the right to keep them and threatened to sue Intel for violating anti-trust laws .
Upbeat Xerox Reports Lower-Than-Expected Loss in First Quarter
The merger saddled Halliburton with legal claims by people who say they were injured by asbestos in products made by companies that became part of Dresser .
But as the dominant producer , Microsoft and its business practices are watched most closely for possible anticompetitive activity .
Perhaps the most striking example of a Wal-Mart success is Asda , which was Britain 's No .
Oracle denies META Group warning that it might try to charge big corporate customers added fees for database software they have already bought ; holds META misinterpreted for clients contract provision on how to count number of data streams company feeds into Oracle database ; notes it earlier told META that it would not levy added fees based on misunderstanding ( M )
That night , Mr. Reinhard , who had missed the board meeting for a previously scheduled commitment , boarded a private Dow Chemical plane in New York to fly to Midland .
The combined bank still has a modest presence , compared with Citigroup , outside the United States , Mr. Bove said .
A Goldman Sachs spokesman said the firm would continue to cooperate with the investigation .
Over all , Marriott International stock has roughly tripled since 1987 , including the value of several spinoffs .
But Johnson & Johnson has lost its biggest advantage -- the fact that its merger deal had been fully reviewed by regulators and could have been completed immediately after a Guidant shareholders ' vote that had been scheduled for Jan. 31 .
Amazon.com and The New York Times Company have settled their legal dispute over the on-line bookseller 's use of the newspaper 's weekly best-seller list to sell discounted books .
The milk at Whole Foods is hormone-free ; the milk at Western Beef is presumably full of the stuff -- and substantially less expensive .
Halliburton is using loophole in law to reduce pension payouts at Dresser-Rand unit in Olean , NY ; Halliburton says it has honored its commitment to Dresser-Rand employees under pension plan , followed letter and spirit of laws applicable to plans , and made no profit related to plan ; says former partner in joint venture Ingersoll-Rand let workers down ; Ingersoll-Rand spokesman dispute that assertion ; photo ( M )
Analysis of obstacles facing AT & T 's plan to reorganize into four pieces ; include continuing fears of some investors and communications experts that breakup is not in company 's or shareholders ' interest ( M )
That is how much Intel estimates it will spend this year on capital expenses , in addition to $ 4.2 billion in research and development .
Mattel , not to be outdone , followed with the largest deal in the industry in recent years by announcing that it would acquire the Learning Company .
Take the TJX Companies , which owns T.J. Maxx , Marshalls and HomeGoods , among others .
EBay 's shares rose to $ 33.88 , up $ 3.68 .
In their view , adding browser software is no different from adding Microsoft software components that permit computers to connect with CD-ROM 's or networks .
Apple said it ended the second quarter with $ 12.6 billion in cash .
Microsoft Corp is dismissing FCB Worldwide , which had served as creative advertising agency for Ultimate TV , digital video recorder being introduced to compete against brands like TiVo and ReplayTV ; is hiring Venables/Bell & Partners , to create campaigns for Ultimate TV with annual budget estimated at $ 50 million ( M )
Microsoft has now retreated a bit from that stance .
In March , Microsoft agreed to buy Tellme Networks , a maker of voice recognition technology , for a price that was reported to be more than $ 800 million .
Even subtracting one-time gains from acquisitions , it grew at nearly 12 percent , about double the rate of Wal-Mart 's American stores .
French authorities lift ban on canned Coca-Cola soft drinks produced at bottling plant in Dunkirk , France , saying they have found no evidence of contamination to explain outbreak of nausea by people who drank them in Belgium early this month ; officials at Coca-Cola Enterprises , bottling company that is about 40 percent owned by Coca-Cola Co , says ensuing health scare , and bans on Coke products in France and Belgium , will reduce bottling company 's earnings by $ 60 million in second quarter of this year ; bottling company officials attribute problems to unidentified Dutch pallet supplier ; they say it supplied them with wooden pallets on which stacks of cans were shipped to Belgium ; they contend that between February and April Dutch company treated 800 of pallets with type of disinfectant compound banned in food production that could have rubbed off on some cans and made them smell bad ; French officials say they are not impressed with attempts by Coca-Cola to explain what might have gone wrong ; photo ( M )
I.B.M .
While the initial agreement between AT & T and Time Warner only covers telephone service , the two companies said yesterday that they would try to enlarge its scope to include high-speed links to cyberspace .
NEC has been losing ground to Fujitsu in the battle to expand its Internet services business , and the partnership with eAccess , a start-up backed by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company and Goldman , Sachs & Company , is aimed at regaining momentum , company officials said .
In its research , American Express found that owners split three ways when asked if they wanted a program that would let them impose charges on no-shows .
Jon Place , Yahoo 's general counsel , told The Associated Press that Yahoo was not responsible for messages posted on the service and that it had ''no way of knowing who some of the people are . ''
One motivation for Mr. Weill could come from his eagerness to bolster Citigroup 's stock , which is down more than 24 percent this year .
It is also good news for Boeing employees in Puget Sound , which until as recently as 1996 accounted for the majority of Boeing 's work force but now count for only a third .
He must build a global news network on a shoestring : $ 25 million in the first year .
''It 's tough to find any other part of the economy showing double-digit unit growth , '' he added , ''so I think money should come out of the Coca-Colas and Gillettes and into the Motorolas and Intels . ''
Mr. Smith , a Vietnam veteran , was a financial executive for General Motors who became chief financial officer at Hughes after G.M .
Texas Instruments to Eliminate 3,500 Jobs
Competition in home video game industry heats up as Nintendo announcing new home console based on IBM PowerPC microprocessor and new version of its handheld Game Boy portable system ; neither system is scheduled to arrive in US market before next year ; Sony Corp will clearly dominate US market this Christmas selling season with its highly promoted Playstation 2 , which is scheduled to go on sale in US on Oct 22 ; Microsoft Corp is entering industry with its own Intel-based video-game system that company says it hopes will arrive for Christmas 2001 season ; Sega will bring out its Sega online game network on Sept 7 and reportedly reduce price of its Dreamcast video-game system , which has trailed Sony 's Playstation in American market ; photo ( M )
Mr. Hall believes that Microsoft 's main offense was its restrictive contracts and behavior , which artificially raised the barrier to entry by potential challengers to Microsoft .
With details of a tentative agreement beginning to emerge , the president of General Electric 's largest labor union said yesterday that it had achieved its goal of ensuring that workers would not shoulder a higher percentage of company health costs .
Microsoft is in a bitter battle with the Netscape Communications Corporation and both companies have been rushing out new versions of their Internet browser programs in an effort to offer new features .
Microsoft hopes Windows , its forte , can turn around its venture into the living room .
Pfizer , after all , was seeking a use patent on Viagra in China , not a patent on the actual compound .
Revenue from I.B.M .
If the breakup begins to appear likely , investor opinions of the future of the two Microsoft companies -- known informally as Ops Co. , for operating-system company , and Apps Co. , for the company that is to produce applications ranging from Microsoft Word to Internet Explorer -- will come to the fore .
Later , Mr. Lanier mocked Merck 's witnesses , comparing one to a jukebox : ''You put in your money and he 'll sing any song that you want . ''
The world is watching as Europe decides whether Microsoft and partners can buy a company that protects digital content .
The bright outlook , announced after markets closed , caused shares of Intel to rise as high as $ 24.50 in after-hours trading .
Ms. Spanier , the lawyer , disagreed , saying that Wal-Mart managers systematically forced employees to work off the clock and to miss breaks in an effort to cut labor costs and increase profits .
CVS had become a small player in the mail-order business , but acquiring Caremark would position it to gain more than it loses .
Craig J. Mundie , Microsoft 's vice president and chief technology officer , said in an interview here that the company was still developing the idea , but that both he and Mr. Gates believed that cellphones were a better way than laptops to bring computing to the masses in developing nations .
A Federal appeals court today ordered that pretrial questioning of William H. Gates and 16 other Microsoft Corporation executives be taken behind closed doors , overruling a lower court judge who had ordered lawyers to take public depositions in the Government 's antitrust case against the software giant .
Grappling with the sensitive issue of how effective a cancer drug must be to merit approval , a federal advisory panel on Tuesday urged rejection of a prostate cancer therapy developed by Abbott Laboratories but endorsed a pancreatic cancer medicine from OSI Pharmaceuticals .
Menu Foods , Canadian manufacturer of pet foods , plants still operate in Canada and US while investigators try to determine what went wrong with recalled products ; Menu executives say they are still shipping products to Procter & Gamble , which has contracts with Menu to produce some Iams and Eukanuba wet foods ; most of Menu 's customers do not have long-term supply contracts tying them to company , but they have nowhere else to take their business ; Menu 's name is little known because it lacks its own brands ; recall affects only wet dog and cat foods that are chopped up and mixed with sauce , known in industry as 'cuts and gravy ' ; photo ( M )
Last January , he demanded the name of her informant , although they were on opposite sides in a managed care case in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , that had nothing to do with Humana .
case was in part a result of conflicts of interest because chief accountants at the agency formerly helped Waste Management in its restatement of earnings that led to the investigation .
The memo noted , ''The least healthy , least productive associates are more satisfied with their benefits than other segments and are interested in longer careers with Wal-Mart . ''
''The sweet spot in this market is n't the guy with the $ 4,000 digital camera , but the people who are just learning about e-sharing photos , '' said Daniel P. Palumbo , Kodak 's chief marketing officer for consumer imaging .
As for the second quarter , Mr. Noglows said Yahoo 's performance was largely as expected .
is so busy working on the appeal that it has n't had time to submit a fresh complaint against Microsoft , '' Mr. Vinje said .
Gary Tooker , vice chairman and chief executive , said that Motorola expects the semiconductor industry to rebound next year but that the improvement would come gradually at first .
In December , Boston Scientific seized the opening to offer $ 72 a share , setting off the bidding war .
''The impetus for FurReal was that we wanted to make the most realistic plush animal that existed up until that time , '' said Sharon John , general manager of Hasbro , which is based in Pawtucket , R.I. ''Robotics were a means to an end , not the end itself . ''
''When we announced first-quarter earnings in April , we projected second-quarter revenue would be flat to slightly down , '' Andy Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer , said in a telephone conference call .
Professor Lazowska , a member of the panel who at times has advised Microsoft , explained , ''You could draw an analogy to auto safety , where a set of government actions has caused automobiles to become far more safe over the course of the past 35 years . ''
Despite the sunshine and jaunty spirits , AT & T is learning a hard lesson about the explosive , unpredictable growth of the Internet .
Mr. Ettore 's strategy , which has been widely hailed by analysts , is to sell to consumers with family incomes below $ 25,000 , just beneath the middle-income customers who are Wal-Mart 's prime target .
Microsoft Corp asks US Appeals Court to forbid nine organizations and individuals who support government antitrust suit against company , including America Online , to file briefs in the case ; alternatively , Microsoft says all nine should be asked to combine their thoughts into one 25-page brief ( M )
''Consumers , and not Apple , should be the ones choosing what music goes on their iPod , '' executives of Real Networks said in a statement .
Judge Jackson reluctantly agreed , but Microsoft appealed his ruling to the United States Court of Appeals .
On Tuesday , Mr. Jobs appeared to take a step toward consolidating his hold over the Apple brand when he shortened Apple 's name by dropping the word ''computer . ''
Yahoo reported net income of $ 65.5 million for the quarter ended June 30 , or 11 cents a share , compared with analysts ' consensus projections of 10 cents a share .
The Caldera document asserts Microsoft integrated MS-DOS and Windows in an effort to damage competitors ' operating systems .
''Bill knew that some of the material was from the things he had read and collected over the years , '' the Raytheon statement said .
says that the method that was used violated generally accepted accounting principles , and Xerox has agreed to restate its profits from 1997 through 2000 .
In the case of Medtronic , it discovered in early 2003 through internal testing that the type of battery used to power a popular defibrillator model might deplete faster than the five to six years it was expected to last .
asked for bids from various video game companies before awarding the exclusive deal , said Jeff Brown , a spokesman for Electronic Arts .
As this happens , Huawei is also experiencing the same problem that Cisco complained of : intellectual property theft .
Industry analysts said that a crucial question facing AT & T was whether the company , now that it has wrapped up a series of major acquisitions , can find growth by expanding its underlying businesses .
Colgate-Palmolive Co is awarded Grand Edison New Product Marketer of the Year award at 12th annual presentation of Edison Best New Products Awards , sponsored by American Marketing Assn ( S )
Until a new generation of chip reaches high-volume production , the transition is a slight drag on Intel 's extraordinary levels of profitability .
Months later , Morgan Stanley officials told the authorities of a plot by Mr. Curry to plant racist E-mail in their computers .
The technology developed by A.T. & T. includes an advanced telephone network switch that uses a technology called asynchronous transfer mode , as well as a big computer called a server that can store and dispense movies and other entertainment in digital form .
( A list of phones that work with the Mobile 10 is at www.garmin.com/mobilephones . )
The reorganization , he continued , ''becomes more material to the valuation of Morgan Stanley when financial disclosure becomes more closely correlated to the new structure . ''
Evercore held a closing dinner on April 30 , a day before News Corporation 's bid was announced , to celebrate Dow Jones 's acquisition of the 50 percent stake in Factiva that it did not already own .
But officials at Symantec said the combined company was expected to have 18 percent revenue growth in the fiscal year ending March 2006 .
FOR all the criticism of Wal-Mart -- much of it deserved -- you simply can not argue with the fact that the company saves its customers money .
CBS Lineup to Offer Vampires and a Mystery With Singing Casino Workers
This creates a double-edged sword for Priceline .
They looked at the question from every angle , yet the same answer kept coming up : Corning 's $ 630 million housewares business -- which after a period of downsizings had just tripled its profits -- has to go .
Rick McGee , an I.B.M .
''The fact that I am here is a good indication of how much Microsoft has changed .
''Spending more money for marketing may be necessary because you know not everything will work , '' said Manny Goldman , a soft drink industry consultant who has followed companies like Coca-Cola for three decades , ''but as they say in math class , it 's necessary but not sufficient . ''
Executives of Aventis and Amgen said that the drugs have such potentially big markets that the prices were justified .
Morgan Stanley , for example , maintains that it has no place in the negotiations because it has done nothing wrong , according to several people involved in the talks .
A California judge ordered the Ford Motor Company yesterday to recall and repair nearly two million cars and trucks after concluding that the automaker knowingly installed defective ignition systems in as many as 22 million vehicles nationwide and concealed the defects from consumers and regulators .
The two companies , Monsanto and Scotts , have developed a strain of creeping bentgrass for use on golf courses that is resistant to the widely used herbicide Roundup .
The information worker business at Microsoft , which is nearly all from Office , had revenues of $ 10.8 billion in the year ended in June , and operating profit of more than $ 7.15 billion .
In an interview this week at the I.B.M .
Regulators would probably push AT & T to complete the sale as soon as possible as a condition for approving the sale of its cable television operation to Comcast .
In a regulatory filing last week , Vonage said that a Verizon victory could cause a decline in its stock price that could lead to the delisting of its stock or possibly even bankruptcy .
Coca-Cola Co 's major bottler in Central and Eastern Europe , Coca-Cola Beverages , reports unexpectedly steep drop in first-half volume sales and its stock falls sharply ; Coca-Cola Beverages attributes 5 percent decline in volume , measured in cases sold , to severe economic problems in Russia , Kosovo conflict , company 's recent bottled-water recalls in Poland and bad publicity from Coca-Cola beverage recalls in Belgium and France , which were handled by Coca-Cola Enterprises ; first-half results are announced as merger talks continue between Coca-Cola Beverages and Hellenic Bottling , Athens-based independent Coke bottler ; Ron Pugsley , general director of Coca-Cola Beverages Poland , says company will reopen affected Polish plant on July 14 ; photo ( M )
Senior executives at two biggest seed companies in world reportedly met repeatedly in mid- to late 1990 's and agreed to charge higher prices for genetically modified seeds ; Monsanto Co and Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc acknowledge meetings , but Monsanto says they were legitimate negotiations about changes to existing licensing agreement , not illegal price fixing ; former and current executives of major seed companies , along with company documents , show Monsanto tried to control market for genetically altered corn and soybean seeds ; Monsanto spent billions in 1980 's to invent specialized seeds and sold rights to make them to big seed companies like Pioneer ; together , Pioneer and Monsanto control 60 percent of nation 's $ 5 billion market for corn and soybean seeds ; dozen legal experts say if goal of their talks was to limit competition on prices , or even just to coordinate prices , it would be violation of federal antitrust law ; companies found to have violated that law could be subject to criminal fines and civil class-action litigation ; photos ; drawings ( L )
EADS has teamed with Lockheed and Northrop Grumman on the first phase of a $ 87.4 million maritime patrol turboprop aircraft for the Coast Guard that ultimately could lead to the purchase of 30 aircraft , at $ 30 million each or more .
In the last week , a number of directors have come to believe that Mr. Mack is the one executive able to unite Morgan Stanley .
Financial turmoil intensifies at Interpublic Group of Cos over unexpected charges and reduced earnings and revenue ; company delays release of its third-quarter report and analysis of Jan-Sept results ; says it will create post of chief operating officer ; chairman John J Dooner Jr and executive vice president Sean F Orr again sharply cut third-quarter earnings forecast ; again sharply raise figure for noncash charges dating back to 1997 , to $ 181.3 million , nearly triple initial estimate ; photo ( M )
It is L-3 Communications , not Level 3 Communications .
And yesterday , Yahoo announced a deal with 176 newspapers that did not include offline ad sales , although newspaper executives did not rule that out .
The program makes it easy to sign up for and use AOL Instant Messenger , Yahoo Messenger and MSN Messenger , as well as ICQ and IRC , all in one simple interface .
The loss also deprives Citigroup of what analysts call one of its most profitable operations in Japan , though the bank will not release a breakdown of its earnings here .
Last month , for example , Time Warner lost a bid for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to a Sony-led consortium , in part because the company had waffled in the weeks before the rival bid emerged , when it was the clear favorite .
While console gamers can rent all the latest games , only 64 PC versions are offered by Yahoo 's service , and most are months or years old .
Workers at Wal-Marts in Quebec and Ontario have since voted against certifying the union as their bargaining agent .
`` The IS-136 technology will allow our customers to truly rely on their portable devices and control their communications , '' said Nicolas Kauser , chief technology officer for AT & T Wireless Services .
''There will be snow on the ground at Yahoo 's headquarters before they can do $ 300 million or $ 400 million a year in fee-based revenue , '' Mr. Baker of Salomon said .
But seven months after Mr. Amelio 's rise to power at the troubled computer maker , it is clear that simply putting a grown-up in charge is not enough to provide the tectonic shift that Apple now needs .
Apple says that audio calls work over dial-up connections , but mine did n't work without a broadband hookup on at least one end .
But in recent months , Boeing has been winning orders for the 787 , making it more pressing for Airbus to get the financing to develop its challenger , the A350 .
''I fully expect that I.B.M .
So far , Morgan Stanley 's pretax profit is down about 6 percent this year and the value of the bonus reflects that amount .
''Alone , neither Kodak nor Danka had a wide enough product line to offer full document processing solutions to customers , '' said Daniel M. Doyle , Danka 's chief executive .
Other divisions of the Alibaba Group , like its online marketplace , Taobao.com , and the Yahoo China operations , will not be included in the stock offering .
Target also introduced a Sonia Kashuk line of makeup and Liz Lange maternity clothes .
Excluding one-time items , Cisco had earnings per share of 19 cents , up from 15 cents in the period a year earlier .
Advanced Micro introduced the mobile chips at competitive prices , an indication that a price war may be brewing between Advanced Micro and Intel in mobile chips , similar to the one under way in desktop microprocessors .
''Microsoft , in order to be competitive in the wireless arena , '' Mr. Seybold continued , ''has to get into the carriers ' back-end infrastructure some way because that 's where all the smarts are .
( Microsoft plans something similar for the next version of Windows , due at the end of 2006 . )
He is a newsman at heart . ''
In 1998 , Halliburton 's asbestos liabilities involved a few thousand claims , and it inherited 66,000 more with the acquisition of Dresser .
Campbell Soup Adds to List of Businesses That It May Sell
Ford Motor Co posts modest profit in fourth quarter , as gains at its financing unit offset losses in its automotive division ; net income was $ 104 million compared with loss of $ 793 million year earlier ; revenue dropped to $ 44.7 billion , from $ 45.9 billion year ago ; earnings were $ 495 million in 2003 ; revenue rose 4 percent , to $ 170.8 billion ; photo ( M )
Dr. Stanton bore much of the criticism when Washington objected to CBS News 's coverage of the war in Vietnam , and was threatened with jail in 1971 .
The charge would bring Motorola 's entire write-off to more than $ 2.3 billion -- eclipsing even the huge corporate misstep that the Quaker Oats Company made a few years ago with its acquisition of Snapple , the beverage maker , which ultimately cost Quaker $ 1.4 billion .
Chambers said Cisco was now selling 2,000 Internet voice phones a day .
Comcast licensed the technology for its system last year from Adlink , the cooperative of cable providers in the Los Angeles area .
''We had been very loyal Pepsi bottlers all our lives , but there was no future in it , '' said Mr. Cisneros , who runs the bottling system in Venezuela and heads the new joint venture , the Embotelladoras Coca-Cola y Hit de Venezuela .
Joseph R. Perella , the investment banker who left Morgan Stanley last year and is in the process of starting his own firm , formed an alliance yesterday for his still unnamed boutique bank with Mitsubishi UFJ Securities of Japan .
Mr. Abramowitz said Aetna would have to raise its rates by 12 percent or more next year to fix its problems , even if resistance to the increase by customers stalled the growth of its membership .
Target and Costco also reported October sales yesterday that fell short of Wall Street 's expectations .
For example , Larry E. Kittelberger , the former chief information officer , who had left for Lucent Technologies in 1999 , returned on Aug. 13 to help encourage Honeywell 's adoption of Internet technologies .
''We saw a great opportunity and we jumped at it , '' said Brian King , a Microsoft software engineer and co-developer of the Portable Media Center system .
The article quoted a lawyer for a video store owner in Provo , Utah , as saying that his client 's prosecution was unfair because many companies that provided ''adult '' entertainment were heavily backed by large corporations , including the News Corporation .
But Merck , Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline , three of the six largest drug companies , have met the letter but not the spirit of that agreement , Dr. Zarin said .
And in making acquisitions to increase its direct-selling capabilities , as well as to expand in interactive toys , Mattel may have paid too much , some analysts say .
The Oracle Corporation reported a 42 percent increase in quarterly profit on Monday , but growth in its flagship database business was weaker than expected , setting off a 4 percent decline in its share price .
After the stream of bad news from financial companies in recent weeks , analysts seemed to take Citigroup 's announcement in stride , as did the market : shares of Citigroup rose 75 cents , to $ 32.50 .
Others may have made inroads , but companies like Wal-Mart and Carrefour , which is based in France and is the world 's No .
Essex County 's short-term bonds have received the highest rating from Moody 's Investors Service , the county said yesterday .
But Apple 's lead will not go unchallenged .
A credit on the Workplace page on Wednesday for a picture of an Allstate agent who figures in a dispute with the company misspelled the photographer 's name .
I.S.S. , along with Glass Lewis and Proxy Governance , criticized the compensation committee for awarding bonus and retention pay in the form of 6.8 million stock options to Terry S. Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , in a year when the company 's shares dropped nearly 35 percent .
He has the courtroom for him to do all the legitimate things he needs to do to Microsoft or the government or any other litigant .
Advice on transactions , a treasured category for Goldman Sachs , increased 24 percent , to $ 559 million .
For now , rules at Visa and MasterCard still prohibit member banks from issuing cards with other companies , namely American Express or the Discover card unit of Morgan Stanley .
I.B.M .
The owner of MySpace , the News Corporation , has been working to address concerns about the safety of the many teenage users of the site , while not clamping down on the freewheeling and flirtatious interchanges that are the source of its appeal .
The Cambridge venture is Microsoft 's first overseas research lab .
Wal-Mart had experienced a stampede , it appeared : ''Wal-Mart 's toy area was the most visibly in disarray and shopped through ; even Wal-Mart 's board game display at the very front of the store was almost entirely empty . ''
Garmin Mobile 10 GPS navigation device , about size and weight of bar of hotel soap , converts notebook PC , cellphone or personal digital assistant into navigation device ; device is priced at $ 170 ; photo ( M )
To date , layoffs have been concentrated in industries most affected by the market slowdown : retail brokerage for Morgan Stanley , which registered a $ 1 million loss for the quarter ; and investment banking and research for Goldman Sachs .
Users so far have shown lackluster interest in Viiv , the name Intel gave to a set of technologies for multimedia computing .
Consumer goods companies have become victims of their own past success and of significant shifts in consumer buying patterns ; these masters of brand image have been beaten at their own highly sophisticated game by retailers , very companies that used to be at their beck and call ; growth has slowed at these companies for variety of reasons , both internal and external ; US population is growing just 1.5 percent annually ; several years of low inflation have left these companies unable to raise prices as they had in years past ; growth from foreign operations has plateaued as well ; strong dollar is hurting them , since they calculate foreign profits in US currency ; companies have to find profit growth some other way , by cutting costs or by acquiring faster-growing companies ; financial problems at some major companies , including Coca-Cola Co and Procter & Gamble discussed ( M )
''Today will go down in computing history as the last big operating system launch for Microsoft , '' said Gary Beach , publisher of CIO Magazine , a publication for professional technology managers .
General Mills To Add Chex In Cereal Wars
[ investment banking division ] or whoever you think was the last difficult person you had to deal with , 'I do n't understand your business , but I want to understand it , and if I understand it then maybe I wo n't feel this way about you , ' '' according to a 1999 Harvard Business School case study about Morgan Stanley .
Recently departed executives include Martin M. Coyne , who was president of Kodak 's photography group , and Daniel P. Palumbo , who was president of the consumer imaging products unit .
Prince and his top lieutenants have had trouble articulating how Citigroup 's domestic consumer business will turn itself around .
At the time it 's appropriate for Citigroup to name a successor , we will name a successor . ''
That assignment will come under the Interpublic umbrella , too , when Interpublic completes its proposed acquisition of True North , announced on March 19 .
Mr. Braun said the project did not mean that Yahoo was ''building any kind of news organization . ''
Mr. Allen 's moves preceded by more than five weeks yesterday 's Microsoft announcement that revenue and earnings would not meet the company 's earlier estimates .
Article finds familiarity in Microsoft 's latest strategy of seeking removal of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson from any future proceedings in its antitrust case on grounds that he is prejudiced ; company 's claims of bias have twice resulted in disqualification of other judicial officers in last five years ( M )
It echoes I.B.M .
Microsoft executives have said in recent months that they consider Netscape a potential direct competitor in the operating systems business .
Justice Department is opening new phase of its long-running investigation of Microsoft Corp by examining company 's sales practices in fast-growing market for software used to browse the Internet ; neither Justice Department nor Microsoft will comment on details of Justice Department 's written request for information ( L )
Founded in 1919 , Halliburton provides a broad range of energy services and products , industrial and marine engineering and construction services .
Echostar Says News Corp. May End Their Satellite Deal
The Disney stations reach 3.5 million Time Warner Cable customers in seven cities , including New York and Los Angeles .
The deal represents a strategic shift for Lockheed Martin , which only three months ago abandoned a planned $ 8.3 billion takeover of the Northrop Grumman Corporation , a move that would have pushed Lockheed deeper into military products .
At the heart of the new chip , however , is a processing core based around a technology known as V.L.I.W. , or very long instruction word , which is also being embraced by Intel and Hewlett-Packard in the new IA64 chip .
''Verizon 's wholesale rates do not comply with the requirements of the Telecom Act , and do not permit meaningful competition . ''
Helane Becker , an analyst for Buckingham Research Group , said she reduced her earnings estimate for FedEx 's fourth quarter to 50 cents a share a month ago , when company officials said the slowdown in shipping resembled a trend they had last seen in the 1991 recession .
Two researchers with the consulting and technology services firm Accenture have designed a prototype of a portable computer that not only could help its wearer recall a name at the next cocktail party , but might even think of something witty to say .
The European case against Microsoft is ''legally and factually different '' from the case in the United States , Ms. Torres said .
Microsoft sees its crusade in the current case not as arrogance , as its critics charge , but as an uncompromising defense of principle .
The American Express survey , ''Trends and Forecasts for the Business Travel Industry : Preview 2001 , '' estimates that business air fares , hotel rates and car rentals are all expected to rise at least 5 percent next year .
Richard Belluzzo , who has been the president and chief operating officer of Microsoft for little more than a year , will step down next month and leave Microsoft in September , company said yesterday .
I.B.M. , the world 's largest information technology company , is closely watched as a barometer of business spending on technology .
Xerox shares closed at $ 9.72 yesterday , up 18 cents .
As shrinking transistor sizes make it possible for designers to put multiple processors on a single chip , and computing functions are increasingly hidden in consumer devices , Microsoft faces new challenges and opportunities .
Rolling Stone magazine is launching cross-promotional program with video game publisher Activision and car maker Jeep that will focus on skateboarding star Tony Hawk ; will use magazine advertorial and five Web sites to promote Activision 's video gaame Tony Hawk 's Project 8 and Jeep 's 2007 Wrangler Unlimited ; promotion also involves Hawk 's charitable foundation , three of his favorite bands and skateboard manufacturer Birdhouse ; campaign emphasizes consumer involvement in product development ; photo ( M )
If you are the publishing arm of American Express , you would call it nothing .
Mr. Kelly said that I.B.M .
News Corporation stock fell 18 cents yesterday , to close at $ 18 ; Liberty stock rose 10 cents , to $ 10.35 .
In calculating the savings , Pfizer is allowed to include free medicines -- valued at about $ 1 million -- it provides to clinics caring for Medicaid patients .
The death from lung cancer of Roberto C. Goizueta the Coca-Cola Company 's chief executive , has focused a fresh spotlight on how well companies handle the incapacity of a lionized chief .
Compaq is the other large company that has announced plans to use that technology , which will compete with technologies developed by Sun Microsystems and I.B.M .
AOL and Time Warner Slightly Beat Profit Estimates
LVMH Returns Coach 's Fire
In its conference calls with Wall Street analysts , Microsoft typically portrays the outlook for the company as cautiously optimistic at best -- after reporting of phenomenal growth and profitability , by any standard .
''I do n't think anyone could own them and have them still be as successful , '' said James Murdoch , the president of News America Digital , the arm of the News Corporation that runs Internet services for Fox News and Fox Sports and has a number of nonexclusive promotional deals with Yahoo .
Since 1992 , the year Mr. Walton -- known as Mr. Sam -- died , Wal-Mart has had to make its way without the founder and visionary who turned a single five-and-dime into a retailing megalith .
Surprise announcement that CBS and Time Warner will combine UPN and WB networks into joint venture called CW buoys CBS 's stock and is getting career of chief executive Leslie Moonves off to descent start ; Moonves says he will still play large role in choosing programs ; ad executives credit Moonves and UPN chief Dawn Ostroff for UPN 's more cohesive identity and for achieving urban and ethnic cast ; Ostroff will be president of entertainment at combined network ; photo ( M )
Selectica noted that Cisco 's imprimatur had come after ''a six-month evaluation cycle and successful pilot implementation . ''
* Norman Lehman , group creative director at Draft Worldwide Canada , Toronto , part of the Draft Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , was named president , succeeding Irvin Lebovits , who left .
Corporation , Apple Computer Inc. , Sun Microsystems Inc. , the Digital Equipment Corporation , the Hewlett-Packard Company and Silicon Graphics Inc. , but not the Microsoft Corporation .
Merck & Co plans to proceed with pricing and initial public offering of its Medco Health Solutions shares despite series of surprising disclosures about way it accounts for billions of dollars in revenue from managed health care unit ; Merck says Medco filings were 'thoroughly reviewed ' by Securities and Exchange Commission ; Standard & Poor 's affirms Merck 's top-rank AAA credit rating ; Merck 's advisers , Goldman , Sachs and J P Morgan Chase , are planning to price Medco at $ 20 to $ 22 , retreat from their original hopes for $ 22 to $ 24 ; photo ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The initial selection of interfaces will be limited to Microsoft Office , Internet Explorer , Excel and Word ; Adobe Photoshop ; and the games Age of Mythology and Medal of Honor .
Goldman Sachs posted net income of $ 662 million , a 26 percent annual increase ; Morgan Stanley 's profits rose 7 percent , to $ 905 million , clearing analyst estimates by the widest margin of the three ; and Lehman Brothers had a 1 percent gain , to $ 301 million .
Compounding the damage , Mr. Jobs said , has been that under its licensing arrangements , Apple has , in effect , been subsidizing each sale of a cloned Macintosh .
Comcast Is Said to Agree to Carry Fox 's Planned Business News Channel
There is even less antipathy toward Wal-Mart 's proposed bank .
Yet Mr. Harris goes beyond the Internet software market by arguing that Microsoft can use its operating system dominance to influence or control Internet commerce and programming .
Mr. Perella and two former colleagues from Morgan Stanley , Tarek F. Abdel-Meguid , the former head of investment banking at Morgan Stanley , and William Kourakos , a former bond executive , have been working from a spartan row of offices at Weil , Gotshal & Manges , the corporate law firm , to form their new partnership .
in the past , and Medtronic began supplying customers with a replacement in the spring of 2004 .
Excluding the new purchase , Home Depot has 1,741 stores , including those in Canada .
Interpublic 's earnings reflect the state of the advertising market , which has been sluggish as a result of the recession and clients ' continued uncertainty about the pace of any economic recovery .
When asked about the apparent discrepancy in Mr. Purcell 's remarks , Ray O'Rourke , a Morgan Stanley spokesman , said : ''Mr .
The News Corporation itself has two classes of shares , the voting shares , which are largely held by Mr. Murdoch , and the preferred shares .
McDonald 's has been suffering from a slump in sales , declining consumer interest and stiff competition from so-called fast-casual chains like Cosi .
Don Logan , previously chairman of the Time Inc. magazine division , was named chairman of a newly formed media group that includes AOL and Time Warner Cable as well as the books and magazine divisions .
And Merck did so , too , the document shows .
''I think Apple will recover , '' he said .
''It 's an infield strategy in an urban neighborhood , '' said Jerry Edwards , Home Depot 's executive vice president for merchandising .
Cisco 's small uptick was especially impressive because the company 's shares have lagged behind the broader market all year .
Even more grating , the independents say , is that when someone searches specifically for an independent bookseller by name , they may still be served up an ad for Amazon.com or Barnesandnoble .com .
The company 's stock fell nearly 6 percent on Friday , closing at $ 99.9375 , after a Gartner Group report indicated that a significant number of existing programs used by large corporations would not be compatible with Microsoft 's new operating system .
The agency 's lawyers have asked for an order that would bar Intel from withholding technical information from customers with which it has disputes .
The Nonprofit Fundraising and Communications Group unit of the Omnicom Group said yesterday that it had acquired Changing Our World in New York , a company that focuses on philanthropic consulting .
Advanced Micro Devices , an Intel rival , complained 10 months ago that the practice by the four countries was anticompetitive , a view the commission largely agreed with Wednesday .
The company blamed the tough market faced by AOL Time Warner , which sells advertising on behalf of eBay .
The bidders include British Gas , ChevronTexaco , Exxon Mobil , BP , TotalFinaElf of France and Statoil of Norway .
The report suggests that the bulk of the blame for the mistakes surrounding the $ 10,000 payment should fall on Mr. Sonnenborn , a 15-year employee of Morgan Stanley .
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , who is hearing the case without a jury , sat impassively through the morning as Michael Lacovara , a Microsoft lawyer , tossed easy questions at the witness .
He said the oldest and most outdated equipment will probably be first to go as the combined carrier streamlines its fleet -- in other words , Varig 's McDonnell Douglas aircraft and older Boeing jets .
Nike says it will take longer to clear up the inventory problems in Asia than in the United States .
Magic Eraser is Procter 's version of a cleaning product that some company executives saw in use in Japan .
Last May , a judge in London ruled in favor of Apple Computer , agreeing that the company 's use of the logo was fair and reasonable .
Judge Martin W. Jenkins of Federal District Court in San Francisco issued the ruling last month in a lawsuit filed by six current and former Wal-Mart employees , who said they were denied promotions because they were women and were paid less than their male counterparts at Wal-Mart stores .
The patent litigation with Johnson & Johnson is far drier but it may be more important .
Still , all investment banks are eventually hurt by the exit of top staff members , and Morgan Stanley is no different , especially if those who depart include executives in crucial trading positions .
The plaintiffs in the suit had charged that Intel had cheated on the results of its tests , which rate the chips against a set of industry benchmarks .
Eventually , Office came out and Microsoft dominated . ''
The Microsoft Corporation in Redmond , Wash. , has expanded its relationship with McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising by awarding the account for a new video game console called X-Box , to McCann-Erickson New York .
Wal-Mart undercuts supermarket prices by as much as 20 percent but is still able to generate considerable grocery profits because of its enormous volume and huge buying power .
The ad , from Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , which makes Keri products , consists of a half-dozen placards that take up one side of about 570 trains throughout the city .
Time Warner plans an onslaught of online promotion , including advertisements on America Online Inc. , which is acquiring Time Warner , but extending far beyond just AOL .
General Magic 's backers include Sony and Motorola -- and , significantly , Apple and A.T. & T , which are more interested in General Magic 's Telescript networking software .
Last year , on a conference call with investors , Cisco said that it had more than $ 1 billion in sales to the federal government in its 2003 fiscal year , which ended in July .
Lawyers for 900 deaf workers at United Parcel Service argue in discrimination suit that company excluded them from numerous job categories and generally limited them to bottom-rung positions ( S )
INTEL POSTPONES IRISH EXPANSION
And backers of a measure that will be on California 's ballot tomorrow , which would force big employers like Wal-Mart to either provide affordable health insurance to their workers or pay into a state insurance pool , say Wal-Mart employees without company insurance are costing California 's state health care programs an estimated $ 32 million a year .
In addition , two plants in Belgium and a third in France were shut down while Coca-Cola sought to determine what had made people ill .
PROCTER SETS AMBITIOUS GOALS
A Microsoft lawyer today led the company 's final witness at its antitrust trial through the long chain of charges that the Government has thrown at Microsoft through eight months of trial and asked him to rebut each of them .
Intel 's failure to meet expectations came as a surprise to investors on Tuesday because the company announced in December that it was narrowing its forecast to $ 10.4 billion to $ 10.6 billion , but did not lower the estimate .
The Oracle Corporation reported a sharp rebound in its third fiscal quarter today with record results that exceeded analysts ' estimates .
Just this month , Oracle , of Redwood Shores , Calif. , announced plans to acquire Hyperion Solutions , a maker of software for tracking and reporting financial information , for $ 3.3 billion .
In those five years , Apple Computer has turned out four new versions of its Macintosh operating system , beating Microsoft to market with features that will be in Vista , like desktop search , advanced 3-D graphics and ''widgets , '' an array of small , single-purpose programs like news tickers , traffic reports and weather maps .
''What it shows is that Apple dances to its own tune .
surprised Intel with the success of its shift to 64-bit chips , forcing Intel , the market leader , to shift its strategy .
Someone would introduce an Internet portal where people could check their e-mail , read news , look up stock quotes and such without the bustle of big moving , flashing advertisements that make using a site like Yahoo like walking through Times Square .
Wall Street appeared to like the decision , with Morgan Stanley 's share price up 1.5 percent on the news , to $ 59.15 , in after-hours trading .
Dr. John Baron , a professor at the Dartmouth medical school and one of the authors of the original journal article about Approve , said Merck 's mistake was relatively minor .
Ford Motor Co settles suit brought by shareholders in connection with receipt in 1999 by chairman William Clay Ford Jr of 400,000 shares of initial public offering of Goldman Sachs Group ; under settlement terms , Goldman Sachs will pay $ 13.4 million to Ford , of which $ 10 million will go to a Ford charitable trust ( M )
J C Penney Co agrees to sell its Eckerd drugstore chain for $ 4.53 billion to CVS and Jean Coutu Group ; buyers will divide Eckerd 's 2,800 stores , as well as related businesses , creating two larger chains within drugstore business , where Wal-Mart Stores has become increasingly influential competitor ; CVS will pay $ 2.15 billion for 1,260 stores , most of them in Texas and Florida ; Montreal-based Jean Coutu will pay $ 2.375 billion to acquire 1,539 stores on East Coast and Eckerd home office in Clearwater , Fla ; CVS says split was necessary because CVS has many stores in Northeast and it might have problem with Federal Trade Commission if it tried to buy every Eckerd store there as well ; map ; photo ( M )
Mr. Amelio said he had made real progress in addressing what he described as the company 's five crises : lack of cash ; declining quality ; a failed operating system development project ; Apple 's chaotic culture , and a fragmented strategy .
If there is to be a comeback by Apple Computer , it may be led by true believers like William C. Wantz , a lawyer from Hagerstown , Md. , and his 12-year-old son Toby .
The commission 's agreement binds Merck to provisions similar to those accepted by Eli Lilly after it bought PCS Health Systems from the McKesson Corporation .
The Interpublic Group of Companies , the advertising agency company , said yesterday that it would restate its financial results back to 1997 because it had improperly accounted for $ 68.5 million in expenses .
Comsat International Holdings is expected to announce it has completed acquisition of telecommunications assets in several Latin American countries from Lockheed Martin ; will take 81 percent control of satellite and fiber optic operations that provide communications services to companies in six nations , including Brazil , Argentina and Colombia ; financial terms undisclosed ( S )
''I still regard Microsoft as a primary threat , '' Mr. Case observed .
Still , the fourth quarter also left unanswered Wall Street 's nagging question about I.B.M .
Capital One Financial Corp , credit card company , to buy Hibernia Corp , regional banking company , for $ 5.35 billion ( S )
They show that Medtronic spent at least $ 50 million on payments to doctors over some four years , through June or later in 2005 .
Its shares closed down 7 cents , or 1.9 percent , at $ 3.70 ; Verizon shares rose 7 cents , to $ 35.50 ; MCI shares rose 45 cents , to $ 24.90 .
The particular dividend that Microsoft declared will create considerable uncertainty among ordinary investors because it probably -- but not certainly -- will be deemed extraordinary under American tax law .
Stung by slowing personal computer sales and continuing antitrust battles , Microsoft introduced a new version of its Windows software today , one that it hopes will help restore the company to its glory days of the 1990 's .
But the site does not ride just on NBC 's name or Microsoft 's muscle .
Van C. Campbell , Corning 's vice chairman , said that Corning would use the cash it is getting to pay down debt and expand its high-purity fused silica business -- which makes materials used in the manufacture of space shuttle windows , telescopes and semiconductors -- as well as to expand its photonics businesses .
General Motors said it would no longer feel the effect of Isuzu 's operating losses , having now written down its 49 percent stake in the Japanese company to zero .
To be sure , a hostile takeover of the Walt Disney Company is not entirely a laughing matter , particularly to Michael D. Eisner , Disney 's chief executive , who might be out of a job if the bid from the Comcast Corporation is accepted .
brand , '' said Douglas T. Elix , the senior vice president in charge of I.B.M .
Investment bankers at some big Wall Street firms helped create and find investors for complex partnerships that Enron Corp used to mask its true financial condition ; then they started helping other companies in same way ; bankers at Citigroup , Credit Suisse First Boston and Deutsche Banc Alex Brown found ways for Enron to remove lagging assets from its balance sheet by selling bonds backed by Enron 's stock ; Credit Suisse First Boston managed similar transactions for few other clients in energy and utility sectors ; among companies that have created partnerships with structures similar to some used by Enron are El Paso Corp , Williams Companies and TXU Corp ; in document created at Citigroup as part of presentation of stock-backed partnership structure , one benefit is described as removing 'certain items from plain view , thus enhancing appearance of balance sheet ' ; among accounting benefits presentation document listed was 'minimal footnote disclosure ' ; Citigroup official says bank chose not to market that structure to its clients ; bankers worked with Enron to arragne partnerships , which made company appear more profitable than it was ; chart ( M )
The investigation by the Labor Department , which was begun earlier this year , came at the same time Boeing was facing a private class-action lawsuit accusing the company of racial discrimination against 10,000 African-American employees .
Barbara Sailer , 62 , retired from Procter & Gamble in 2001 to start a marketing business .
Time Warner said yesterday that its first-quarter profit more than doubled , led by solid performances in its film and cable operations and improved results at America Online .
The bank is worried that the Cititrust unit , which employs about 150 people , might be found in violation of ''fire wall '' regulations that outline the kinds of products and services that can be offered by banks , brokerage and other financial firms , according to a Citigroup official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Joost must have Viacom 's approval to put a program online .
Those low rates have become the flashpoint in a war of words between AT & T and Frontier .
The AT & T agreement is more modest than those of MCI and Sprint , and it leaves the world 's biggest communications company on the prowl for more partners .
VERIZON 'S newest store in North Texas lets consumers walk in , sit down , play the latest video game , practice downloading music , or if it 's the weekend , kick back and watch football in high definition .
First the Wait for Microsoft Vista ; Now the Marketing Barrage
Southern , which owns 26 percent of Bewag , wants to acquire full control as part of an effort to bid on the big eastern German power company , VEAG A.G. A court upheld an injunction against E.ON 's deal .
The deal could be a boon for Electronic Arts , industry analysts said , particularly given what has turned out to be surprisingly intense competition in the sports video game market in recent months .
Home Depot , analysts say , has been trying to distance itself from Lowe 's in arenas other than North American stores .
I.B.M .
The makers of telecommunications equipment are trying to move quickly because Cisco is making inroads among their traditional customers .
Gemstar has sued Time Warner , saying it has no right to separate the data from the rest of the broadcast signals .
Morgan Stanley has not been hired by any of the parties and may miss out on the bonanza , but that may be just as well .
When Wal-Mart opens a new store in Canada , Mr. Pelletier noted , it typically receives 10 applications for every job .
And he is betting heavily that Comcast 's executive vice president , Stephen B. Burke , who had been a rising Disney executive before joining Mr. Roberts in 1998 , could improve the performance at some of Disney 's troubled units , including the ABC broadcast network .
DuPont quickly figured out how to use A4Vision 's data to construct holograms of faces that could be printed on documents for less than 20 cents , Mr. Evans said .
Katie Bayne , senior vice president for Coca-Cola Brands at Coca-Cola North America , said lackluster marketing and lack of innovation hurt the diet category .
In recent months , however , word has begun to trickle through the Internet community that Microsoft has been trying to buy market share by purchasing the allegiance of Web site operators with software-development support and deals like those today .
Internal audit now under court seal warned top executives at Wal-Mart Stores three years ago that employee records at 128 stores pointed to extensive violations of child-labor laws and state regulations requiring time for breaks and meals ; audit of one week 's time-clock records for 25,000 employees found 1,371 instances in which minors apparently worked too late at night , worked during school hours or worked too many hours in a day ; Wal-Mart officials did nothing about audit , saying it was meaningless , since employees sometimes fail to punch in and out for breaks and meals and audit itself is flawed ; Wal-Mart is world 's largest retailer , employing 1.2 million people at its 3,500 stores in US ; missed breaks and lunches have become major issue in more than 40 lawsuits charging Wal-Mart with forcing employees to work without pay through lunch and rest breaks ; lawyers and former employees who have sued Wal-Mart say audit only bolsters their cases ; several current and former Wal-Mart employees confirm in interviews that violations of state law on child labor and breaks are recurring problem at many understaffed Wal-Mart stores ; photos ( M )
Human Genome Sciences names H Thomas Watkins , former executive at Abbott Laboratories , as its new chief executive , succeeding William A Haseltine ( S )
Creditors of Iridium contended in court filings made last year that the money they lent to Iridium was actually funneled to Motorola , and should be returned .
A spokesman for Coca-Cola , Mark Preisinger , played down the marketing expense , saying that the territory covered by the bottler grew with acquisitions made during 1998 .
Its success in Mexico contrasts with more lackluster efforts in Brazil and Argentina , where Wal-Mart first entered alone .
Bank of America will initially buy $ 5 billion worth of loans and then up to $ 10 billion worth of loans annually over the next five years .
Right after the market closed on Friday , Xerox dropped a bombshell , warning that fourth-quarter earnings , which it had already said in October would be poor , would be even worse than that .
''This has been a worst-case scenario for Wal-Mart , '' Mr. Sosnick said .
ImClone Systems is expected to reject demands of Bristol-Myers Squibb to restructure their $ 2 billion partnership because it would eviscerate profits ImClone would receive from its cancer drug , Erbitux ; Bristol-Myers has demanded that ImClone change deal announced last September in which it paid $ 1 billion for 19.9 percent stake in ImClone and agreed to pay $ 1 billion more for rights to sell Erbitux ; ImClone 's application for drug was rejected by Food and Drug Administration in December ( M )
The rivalry between Sun and Microsoft has long been marked by mutual contempt .
In filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Boeing has said it would have to write off as much as $ 300 million if the tanker project did not go forward .
For its part , Time Warner continues to invest in China 's movie theaters .
During the call , I.B.M 's top employee relations executives said that three million service jobs were expected to shift to foreign workers by 2015 and that I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Apple Settles Patent Dispute With a Rival
More than anything , the board 's willingness to pay such a sum to Mr. Crawford , in addition to undisclosed sums to other top allies of Mr. Purcell , may increase pressure on John J. Mack , Morgan Stanley 's new chief executive , to address the composition of the board ; all but one of the directors were appointed by Mr. Purcell .
In the PC market , Microsoft has created its own , slightly mutant version of Java .
Kodak recently put its graphic arts business into a joint venture ; 800 people left Kodak 's payroll , but none lost jobs .
Next , at Surprise.com , I shopped for my daughter in the 5-to-7-year old subcategory of the Kids section , where the ''Encouraging a Young Musician '' selection had one suggestion I really liked : a folding electronic keyboard ( $ 24.98 at Amazon.com ) .
Customers in need of new phone service have few alternatives aside from acquiring a wireless phone , as Ms. Kaitano said she planned to do -- from a carrier other than Verizon .
A blunt and forceful man known for acting on his instincts , Mr. Langone was outraged at how Goldman Sachs orchestrated the New York Stock Exchange deal , and as a seat holder , felt that he should have received a better price for his stake , people briefed on the matter said .
Eastern European nations , most notably Poland , have been uncoupling themselves from Russia and refocusing westward ; breathtaking collapse of Russian economy can only increase this trend ; Polish companies have exploited opportunities that came with collapse in 1989 of old trading regime , Comecon ; they quickly established ties with Western Europe ; Government took steps to overhaul creaking financial and industrial systems ; Government regulatory scrutiny of kind unknown in Russia helped avoid excesses ; 70 percent of Poland 's trade is conducted with Western Europe , meaning fragile Polish industries now compete with hardened industrial old-timers from Europe , Japan and United States ; Polish Government is preparing to privatize big chunks of nationalized economy , like telephone company and several large banks ; Scott R Mackie , head of General Motors Poland , notes that three years ago GM forecasters predicted market in Poland of 400,000 cars by 2004 ; says last year , total car sales reached 477,000 , and promise to be even higher this year ; in addition , car makers like Mackie will use factories in Poland to ship abroad , further cementing links with Western Europe ; photos ; graphs ( L )
Yahoo Games , Pogo.com and MSN Entertainment , among others , allow mobile phone users to download games onto their cellphones , usually paying $ 3 to $ 5 -- on the basis of each kilobyte received -- to carriers like Sprint , Verizon and T-Mobile .
And it is not clear that customers would be more likely to buy Microsoft applications software if that business was separate from Microsoft 's Windows operating-system business .
Some games , like Dodge Raceway , are found on major gaming sites like Microsoft 's Gaming Zone , where companies pay for the privilege of having them available along with conventional games .
Merck 's filing depicts an increasingly comical series of implausible statements by Ms. Rogers as she struggled to prove her claim that her husband took Vioxx in the month before he died .
And the Kohl 's Corporation department store chain in Menomonee Falls , Wis. , selected the Vidal Partnership in New York as its first agency of record to handle marketing aimed at Spanish-speaking consumers .
The Wal-Mart spokeswoman , Melissa Berryhill , said the Mainstays label was trademarked for storage bins in 1996 and had broadened to new items every year .
Because the building was financed with Port Authority bonds , which place restrictions on any sale , Vornado could not buy the complex .
Yahoo will receive undisclosed commissions on each sale through its site , along with other fees for promoting authors and books .
Today , a spokesman for the company said that Microsoft might consider consenting to a similar restriction for Windows 98 .
''General Motors , he believes , has the assets and the cash flow , and the ability to generate more cash flow .
In Mr. Gerstner 's view , the table is set for growth at I.B.M. , based on its strategy of being a leading supplier to companies trying to make the transition to e-commerce .
There was no Citigroup MasterCard or Capital One Visa -- or even more complicated , the co-branded Disney Visa offered by Bank One .
Wal-Mart Stores , seeking to become model for its customers on energy consumption and nutrition , is planning Environmental Health and Wellness Program to teach its 1.3 million employees in US how to take better care of themselves and environment ; program , which has not been publicly disclosed , will be overseen by Linda Dillman , vice president for risk management and benefits administration ; company has asked former Sierra Club president Adam Werbach to be consultant ; photo ( M )
In 1998 , after 11 years at Microsoft , he left to become chief executive of Drugstore.com , an online retailer of pharmacy and health products .
Karen Friedman , the policy director for the Pension Rights Center , expected Verizon workers ''to hit the roof over this '' because 401 ( k ) plans are less predictable than defined benefit pension plans , which are guaranteed by the government .
RealNetworks , a leading maker of media player software , had complained to the commission about what it called the anticompetitive effect of Microsoft 's bundling practices .
Apple also announced the resignation of Heidi Roizen , the 38-year-old founder of a Silicon Valley software company , who had joined Apple last February as part of an effort to court the crucial community of third-party software developers that write programs for the Macintosh .
George Bush II has reassembled the best and the brightest of the Ford administration and insists that staffers dress like adults .
Over the long term , Motorola expects the breakthrough to lead to speedier alternatives for a range of chips that now rely on silicon alloys .
Romain Hatchuel is named to new post of director for global new business at Euro RSCG Worldwide ; Philippe Krakowsky is named to new post of senior vice president and director for corporate communications at Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
Sun-Microsoft Dispute
In a recruitment letter that Wal-Mart helped send to thousands of suppliers , Mr. Nelson wrote that ''Working Families for Wal-Mart is recruiting a standing army of supporters from all aspects of Wal-Mart 's business . ''
The appointment comes as Citigroup is being investigated by several regulators over a controversial bond trade executed in Europe last August .
In the market for information technology services , both companies compete against I.B.M. , whose shares rose $ 1.54 , to $ 101.49 .
Addressing an institutional investor conference in New York yesterday , Mr. Purcell said , ''I do n't see anything in the settlement that will concern the retail investor about Morgan Stanley . ''
Richard B Fisher , former chairman of Morgan Stanley investment bank , dies at age 68 ; photo ( M )
Noting that General Electric already has half of the global aircraft engine market , an analyst in London said that with the acquisition of Honeywell 's avionics business , ''General Electric will soon make more of a Boeing aircraft than Boeing does . ''
A Coca-Cola Executive Is Joining BBDO
He is overseeing a proposed settlement reached in his court last year for all federal injury claims related to Propulsid , a heartburn drug made by a Johnson & Johnson subsidiary .
Intel has typically been able to move corporate customers to each succeeding generation of its microprocessors with the promise of greater performance , and that performance was often needed to run the latest versions of the Microsoft Corporation 's software .
''He should be a great character witness for Microsoft , '' added Mr. Eubanks , who opposes the Government 's suit .
Margaret Carton , vice president for investor relations and planning at Coca-Cola Enterprises , says that share repurchases have long been part of the company 's strategy , and the third quarter was merely an example of that strategy in action .
The documents formed the basis of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's original finding that Microsoft had repeatedly violated antitrust laws by undermining the two programs , which could have evolved into a competitor to the company 's Windows operating system .
Indeed , Citigroup was the largest underwriter of securities for companies that later went bankrupt , according to data compiled by Bloomberg News .
Vice Chairman of Chevron To Succeed Retiring Chairman
MindShare has worked for American Express since the agency was founded in 1998 ; before that , the American Express media agency was Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , whose media operations were combined with those of J. Walter Thompson to form MindShare .
Intel , the world 's biggest maker of semiconductors , has been hurt by the slowdown in personal computer sales that began in late 2000 .
Corning employs a total of 6,700 people in the town and surrounding region .
Both Yahoo and MySimon will also perform those functions and search larger databases of retailers .
Susan McDermott , a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola North America in Atlanta , confirmed a report of the decision this week in Adweek .
In its filing , Visto contends that Microsoft 's software violates three patents that deal more with synchronizing data and security than directly with wireless e-mail , the crucial element of NTP 's patents .
Mr. Duffield said that the first time the board sought an opinion about the adequacy of the Oracle offer was when it reached $ 26 , after bids of $ 16 , $ 19.50 and $ 21 .
In asking for sanctions , Coca-Cola 's lawyers said the people who contended that they took part in discussions about shredders in Room 7 at the Learning Center in the company 's Atlanta headquarters never had the conversations they said took place .
Excluding one-time charges , Cisco earned 34 cents a share , a penny higher than analysts had forecast .
Suggestion boxes have a long history in the American workplace , of course , with the first documented program credited to Eastman Kodak in 1898 .
That methodical approach is Exxon Mobil 's signature style : the company is highly centralized , and decisions about new investments are made at the very top , analysts said .
Dow Chemical 's version is different , suggesting that Mr. Dimon provided ''irrefutable evidence '' that it acted on .
Omnicom Group says that as expected it will name Lee Clow as chairman of its TBWA Worldwide unit , in addition to his title as chief creative officer ; he succeeds Bill Tragos , who retired ( S )
As FCB bids farewell to Amazon , the agency will soon greet a larger client , Samsung , the South Korean maker of products ranging from microwave ovens to cellular phones to flat-screen monitors .
You might think that was enough for a man who saw DuPont 's stock lose about a third of its value in the nine years he served as C.F.O .
We can show him crossing the Arc de Triomphe seven times and riding down the Champs-lyses with the yellow jersey , '' said Dean Stoyer , a spokesman for Nike .
Obstacle Is Cleared For AT & T
In June , in a similar deal , Microsoft agreed to pay $ 1 billion for an 11.5 percent stake in another big cable company , the Comcast Corporation .
The appointment did not have a huge effect on Xerox shares , which closed at $ 8.80 , down 31 cents .
Texas Instruments Inc will acquire computer chip maker Burrn-Brown Corp for $ 7.6 billion in stock ; purchase will make Texas Instruments much stronger in analog converters ( M )
With its investment , Citigroup will own a piece of one of the more conservative Turkish banks .
In February , for instance , it scheduled an all-expenses-paid ski weekend in Colorado for its clients , on the same weekend that Morgan Stanley held its ski event in Utah .
The firm said yesterday that the board has three new members : Roy J. Bostock , a director at Yahoo and Northwest Airlines with marketing expertise ; Charles H. Noski , the former vice chairman of AT & T and a Microsoft director ; and O. Griffith Sexton , a former Morgan Stanley banker who is an adjunct professor at the Columbia Business School .
Citigroup Global Markets .
Coca-Cola 's largest bottler , Coca-Cola Enterprises , plans telephone conference call with analysts and investors to clarify questions about pricing and strategy that first attracted attention at beverage conference weeks ago ; bottler is under pressure from Wall Street in face of falling share price , especially since Nov 3 , when it said price it pays for prime ingredients would rise at twice usual rate next year ; investors and analysts are concerned about Coca-Cola 's new strategy of emphasizing higher prices to consumers , and perception of value , as new drivers of profit ( M )
Microsoft 's newest television advertisement uses the musical theme of the ''Confutatis Maledictis '' from Mozart 's Requiem .
In an attempt to suggest a plot between the two companies and the Government to keep their intentions from Microsoft 's legal team , the lawyer , Michael Lacovara , questioned Peter Currie , a senior vice president for Netscape , for more than two hours .
The recent bond issue by General Motors shows how the alchemy works .
A Microsoft executive said today that the company had been working with the group to bring its software into compliance with the group 's Self-Regulatory Guidelines for Children 's Advertising .
and a setback for Intel , Microsoft 's longtime ally in the personal computer industry .
''Worldwide acceptance of Microsoft Office 97 ignited these outstanding results , '' Mr. Brown said .
As part of its new strategy , I.B.M .
''If they could reduce their debt by $ 700 million , I think the market would be thrilled , '' said Jessica Reif , who follows Time Warner for Merrill Lynch Inc .
Particularly when it involves Cisco Systems , the quintessential stock market darling .
At Apple 's own keynote presentation , at the Macworld Expo , Steven P. Jobs began with a recitation of sales figures .
Up first was Lee R. Raymond , Exxon 's chairman , who delivered a trim , concise speech .
Amazon.com expands Fulfillment by Amazon program to allow independent sellers who list items through Google or eBay to use its network of distribution centers to store and ship products ; larger set of Web services tools is aimed at helping smaller companies benefit from its expertise ; strategy is designed to ensure growth for online retailer ; photos ( M )
''I 'm hard pressed to name a U.S.-based general merchandise retailer that is doing better than Wal-Mart International , '' said Bill Dreher , who follows Wal-Mart for Deutsche Bank in New York .
Novell , which gradually lost its dominance of market for network server operating systems to Microsoft , plans to battle Microsoft in PC operating system market with its acquisition of SuSE Linux and IBM 's planned $ 50 million investment in Novell ; Microsoft has already felt sting of Linux , which many corporations see as reasonable and less expensive alternative to Windows operating system ; analysts see merger helping Linux win United States customers ; photo ( M )
Mr. Orr also rejoined Microsoft with the acquisition .
While Time Warner and EMI said today that they would continue to explore ways to combine their huge music units , any new deal would have to be approved by EMI shareholders .
But he said the time for Microsoft 's entry into the arena was ripe .
Calls to Wieden & Kennedy for comment were referred to Nike .
Microsoft 's move , after years of secrecy , rumors and fragmentary disclosures , comes as its competitors -- Sony , the undisputed industry leader , and Nintendo , a close third worldwide -- are also preparing presentations of their coming consoles for the Electronic Entertainment Expo , a major industry trade show , in Los Angeles next week .
But the speed of Apple 's laptops has only inched forward in recent years , no thanks to the suppliers of its processor chips ( I.B.M .
Dr Robert F Tamburro leads study on violent advertising broadcast during televised sporting events ; study , conducted by Tamburro while he was at St Jude Children 's Research Hospital , Memphis , finds 14 percent of ads showed unsafe behavior and 6 percent showed violence ; is published in journal Pediatrics ( S )
The Walt Disney Company posted a higher quarterly profit yesterday , in large part on the strength of its film unit , but its networks and theme parks did less well .
But on closer examination , Microsoft has streamlined and refined this new edition of its browser in lots of small but significant ways .
In the quarter , Cisco announced seven acquisitions and closed five of them .
In the aerospace business , Boeing seems invincible .
The Microsoft Corporation repeatedly threatened its key ally in the computer industry , the Intel Corporation , as part of its campaign to stifle any challenge to its business posed by the rise of the Internet , an Intel executive testified in court today .
Office Depot expands its advertising relationship with Omnicom Group ( S )
''The sale of NFO will be a capstone to the significant progress we have recently made in strengthening our company 's balance sheet , '' said David Bell , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic .
Mr. Goldby 's testimony came on the second day of a Delaware trial in which Oracle is attempting to force PeopleSoft to remove its antitakeover measures , a ''poison pill '' provision that would make purchasing a majority of the company 's stock prohibitively expensive and a customer rebate program that could leave Oracle with a $ 2 billion bill .
After retiring to his Montana ranch following the deal , executives familiar with Time Warner said , the 57-year-old billionaire has roared back into the picture -- in a very public visit to Home Box Office last Thursday and in private sessions with Mr. Levin .
Home Depot announced yesterday that it had hired Roger W. Adams , an advertising executive at the General Motors Corporation , as its senior vice president for marketing , effective Feb. 7 .
Arguing that his legal battle with the federal government is far from over , William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman and chief software architect , said today that he was looking forward to the next round of the antitrust trial , which will soon move to a higher court .
EchoStar will be hard put to continue to outperform DirecTV way it has for last 18 months in wake of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp 's decision to acquire General Motors ' Hughes Electronics and control of DirecTV satellite-television company ; as cable television industry finally begins to deliver on promise of its long-lamanted digital upgrades and as DirecTV finally appears to be in hands of aggressive and capable media operators , EchoStar and its chairman Charles W Ergen appear to face biggest challenges in years ; photo ( M )
Where they once used to be supplicants to big cable operators like Tele-Communications and Time Warner , they can now put through hefty annual rate increases with impunity .
For Kodak , with its powerful brand name , globalization works .
Time Warner and EMI may have learned this a bit late .
Once he was set up for business , Mr. Bowlin just spread the word among his neighbors , colleagues and friends that not only could he offer them everything Amazon.com did , but he could do it cheaper and make a profit from day one .
A federal judge has ruled that Microsoft must give nine states that are seeking tougher sanctions against the company access to the software code for its flagship Windows operating system .
Goldman Sachs has won government approval to set up its own joint-venture investment bank in Beijing in exchange for making $ 67 million 'donation ' to cover investor losses at failed Chinese brokerage firm Hainan Securities ; Goldman also agrees to lend $ 100 million to Chinese banker named Fang Feng Lei ; deal offers rare glimpse into maneuvers taht many foreign companies undertake to get leg up in rough-and-tumble race to establish business in China ; joint venture was years in making , involving frequent talks with high Communist Party officials ; photo ( M )
Such cooperation may be increasingly valuable as Microsoft continues to move into media and entertainment ventures .
Hoping to turn the millions of people with digital cameras and camera phones into photojournalists , Yahoo and Reuters are introducing a new effort to showcase photographs and video of news events submitted by the public .
Microsoft was said to be concerned about TCI 's 39.5 percent stake in a potential Internet access competitor , @ Home Networks .
And I.B.M. , unlike some Japanese businesses , presents relatively little credit risk .
And revenue in Mattel 's infant and preschool business fell 3 percent last year , hurt in part by a $ 27 million charge related to a recall .
I.B.M .
Oracle 's softened stance , an industry analyst said , should please PeopleSoft customers initially , but it could make the merger far trickier in the long run .
Lawyers for General Electric Co 's former chief executive , John F Welch Jr , file court motion challenging his estranged wife 's description of his living expenses but did not submit their own figures ; say Jane Welch 's affidavit is invalid because , among other contentions , she relied on speculative numbers ; Judge Julia D Dewey postpones hearing on Mrs Welch 's request for additional financial support until Oct 29 ( M )
Micron was said to have offered as little as $ 2 billion for a joint venture while Hynix suggested as much as three times that amount .
The issue of Microsoft 's control of what people see when they turn on their computers -- through its near-monopoly of the market for personal computer operating system software -- has come under increasing scrutiny recently from the Government and become the subject of increasing criticism within the industry .
Microsoft , according to another PC executive , is also stipulating that its sticker must be an inch or so away from the promotional sticker of Intel , the leading microprocessor maker .
''Everything we know about Apple is that the compensation side is not something Jobs has ever been involved in , '' Mr. Munster said .
Goldman Sachs ' fixed-income revenues have enjoyed a compound annual growth rate of 29 percent since 2002 , according to Mr. Trone , including a 34 percent increase in 2006 over 2005 ( and a substantial 21 percent increase in 2005 over the previous year ) .
In trading today , shares of Amgen declined 70 cents , to $ 66.75 .
Yahoo , for example , has just introduced a specialized service to help users find local businesses and in turn a profit from the large market for yellow-pages-type advertising .
's achievements in recent years , he told the analysts that his most important message was that I.B.M .
Next year 's revenue will include processor sales to Apple Computer , which earlier this fall announced that it would switch from using Motorola processors to Intel processors in its Macintosh computers .
The Microsoft Corporation 's bitter legal clash with the Justice Department has begun to hurt the software publisher 's brand reputation among business customers and consumers , according to a research organization that tracks brand recognition of technology companies .
''During middle school many young women lose interest in math and science , '' said Catherine Kovach , a spokeswoman for I.B.M .
For years , Wall Street analysts routinely ignored cautions from Microsoft 's management about the company 's valuation and about potential profit problems , and were vindicated as the price continued to rise .
Wal-Mart has given ''every indication '' that it will go to trial rather than settle , Mr. Donovan said .
In addition , I.B.M .
Joyce Minor , vice president for equity research at Lehman Brothers , recently raised her 1996 earnings estimate for Marriott International to $ 2.23 a share , from $ 1.87 in 1995 .
NBC Internet , company partly owned by General Electric 's NBC network , is set to introduce its new flagship NBCicom site ; site brings together under one name features from jumble of brands company built and bought ; has been adding features and technology in bid to compete with bigger Internet portals ( M )
Meanwhile , Mr. Asaro , the memorabilia dealer on eBay , said he was looking out for future dot-com valuables .
In a barrage of introductions that blended technological prowess with a delightful sense of style and fun , Apple Computer this week introduced a powerful new line of desktop computer systems in a color scheme it calls translucent blueberry and ice , as well as an array of improved iMac computers that come in an assortment of colors including blueberry , grape , lime , tangerine and strawberry .
Several said that much of the phone 's usability would depend on what added functions Apple decides to place in the version of the Safari Web browser that is part of the system .
Amazon already has the credit card numbers of a large population of potential users of the service and is familiar to people looking to buy books and other goods .
An investment banker suggested that even the combined Morgan Stanley-Dean Witter ''would be a terrific candidate for Chase Manhattan . ''
In all , roughly a dozen game publishers , including Microsoft , showed off playable versions of about 30 games that are on their way to the 360 in coming months .
The P935 runs add-on programs , plays games , sends faxes ( for an extra fee ) , offers the usual organizer amenities ( calendar , to-do list and so on ) and , via its cradle-recharger , synchronizes your e-mail and addresses with Microsoft Outlook or similar programs .
And the states ' concerns go beyond the integration into Windows 98 of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer software for navigating the World Wide Web -- which has been one of the issues for the Justice Department .
Netscape , founded in 1994 , has struggled over the last 18 months under an assault from Microsoft .
Mr. Burt said FMC expected Army spending on tracked and armed vehicles , the company 's most important market segment , to decline from $ 4 billion a year ago to about $ 1 billion by 1995 .
At least a few analysts think that both AT & T and NCR would have been much better off if the acquisition had never occurred .
Merck did not say what the investigations were about and the federal agencies do not as a rule comment on such investigations .
Senior Interpublic executives , in a conference call with analysts after the stock market closed , said they saw improvement on several fronts , including an upturn in revenue growth from continuing operations in the United States and a strengthening of the balance sheet .
That limit was unaffected by the court 's decision , which means that the two companies that have already reached that limit , the News Corporation and Viacom , were in no danger of having to divest themselves of any stations .
''The only thing more disturbing than Oracle 's behavior is their ongoing attempt to justify these actions , '' Microsoft said in a statement .
JDN Realty , once top-performing real estate investment trust , has been under fire since it first reported discrepancies in its accounting that may date to 1994 ; JDN has disclosed that it has been making under-the-table payments to two of its own executives for years , that it improperly billed its two largest clients , Wal-Mart and Lowe 's , that it defaulted on its main bank loan and that it would have to restate all of its earnings since 1994 ; management experts say JDN 's problems offer case study of problems that can befall public company that continues to operate like a private one ; at core of JDN 's problems is a board that is too closely aligned with management to be effective advocate for shareholders ; directors are small inbred group -- mostly men who have business ties to JDN or personal ties to J Donald Nichols , the founder , and his wife , Elizabeth ; Nichols resigns as chairman ; he had already stepped aside as chief executive in February ; graph ; drawing ; photos ( M )
''General Motors has come up with a very good way to represent their product to potential customers , '' said Max L. Goldberg , the chairman of Promotion Marketing Association of America .
Under the deal , Interpublic will be able to terminate its lease obligations at the Silverstone racetrack and related agreements no later than the end of this year .
If Amazon.com was sold or acquired .
General Motors , Ford and Chrysler held their lowest shares of the American market ever last month .
* The Omnicom Group , New York , named its new Chicago agency , handling PepsiCo assignments , Element 79 Partners , after gold 's place on the periodic table of elements .
A Mattel spokesman , Glenn Bozarth , said that 1998 results ''were affected by unexpected events and issues '' and that this year Mattel 's goal was to ''underpromise and overdeliver . ''
Microsoft will sell most of the advertising .
Moreover , unlike rivals such as Clorox , Kimberly-Clark has several fairly distinct segments that could be sold by a private equity buyer .
''To imply that the most rigorous and complete analysis was not brought to bear on this , I find absurd , '' Mr. Mott said , adding that Boeing had reviewed the work in both reports since the Columbia 's destruction on Feb. 1 .
But Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly noted that the appeals court that upheld Microsoft 's antitrust violations last year was well aware that the original suit was brought by the federal government along with a coalition of states .
Latin American accounts for 25 percent of Coca-Cola 's worldwide volume .
Profit at Apple Almost Triples On a Sharp Rise in IPod Sales
Johnson & Johnson has been slowly chipping away at Boston Scientific 's lead , but most analysts say that Boston Scientific is ahead in developing next-generation designs .
SETTLEMENT : THE OVERVIEW Correction : July 30 , 1998 , Thursday Because of a production error , the continuation of a front-page article yesterday from Flint , Mich. , about a tentative settlement between the General Motors Corporation and the United Automobile Workers omitted several sentences .
Until Apple got its mitts on podcasting , the finding , sampling and managing of podcast audio files was time-consuming and scattered .
The defendants include Arthur Andersen , WorldCom 's auditing firm , which is defunct , and the 16 banks that sold WorldCom bonds to the public in two deals , including J.P. Morgan Chase , Deutsche Bank and Bank of America .
''There is a lot of interest in Linux on the desktop from customers ; this is definitely a trend with traction , '' said Scott Handy , vice president for Linux strategy and market development at I.B.M .
The fundamental antitrust issue before the Justice Department and Congress is whether Microsoft is using its dominant position in operating system software , where Windows controls 85 percent of the market , to gain an upper hand in new markets unfairly .
Similarly , a spokeswoman for Procter & Gamble said lawyers at the company had told Gary T. Martin , the retiring executive who sold shares back to P. & G. , that he should file the annual form .
Yahoo , over the last few years , has tried to build a base of subscription products , but it found growth easier in advertising .
Some analysts said they believed that Microsoft would run less of a risk than Sony , however , because the software maker has apparently struck sweetheart deals with its major suppliers .
Later in the same memo , Mr. Rosen wrote that Microsoft should try to ''strike a close relationship with Netscape '' and that Microsoft 's goal should be to ''wrest leadership of the client evolution from them . ''
To try to stop its slippage in market share in personal computers , Intel started a price war in March .
General Motors reported yesterday that sales had dropped sharply in August , and the industry reported weakness across the board in sales of the large sport utility vehicles that the domestic automakers , in particular , have depended on .
Wal-Mart was also the target of a raid last year in which federal agents arrested 250 illegal immigrants who were hired , by subcontractors , to clean hundreds of Wal-Mart stores .
Amazon Reports Losses of $ 317 Million in the 2nd Quarter
The announcement this week that the Microsoft Corporation , the 800-pound gorilla of computer software , is buying an 11.5 percent interest in Comcast , the nation 's fourth-largest cable television operator , may be one of those signal moments that realign the entire entertainment-information industry .
The deal comes a month after the 3Com Corporation 's $ 6.6 billion acquisition of the U.S. Robotics Corporation , and like that deal is intended to broaden Ascend 's arsenal in the battle with Cisco Systems Inc. , the market leader in the fast-growing networking business .
After ringing up billions of dollars in losses at the unit , AT & T said in September that it would spin it off at the end of this year as part of AT & T 's breakup into three independent companies .
Lawrence L. McCracken , a Boeing spokesman , declined to confirm that a settlement had been reached .
An Intel spokesman declined to comment until more details of the technology are made public .
If Comcast tried to buy Disney , that would propel it into a hostile battle and leave Comcast with the challenge of selling Disney 's theme parks , the person said .
Without the charges , Intuit had a loss of $ 26.8 million , or 45 cents a share , fully diluted .
In July , two black truck drivers filed federal lawsuits against Wal-Mart , arguing that the chain discriminated against them by denying them jobs because of their race .
Federal Railroad Administration , after 17-day investigation of spate of accidents involving Union Pacific Railroad , nation 's largest , says line has agreed to hire more workers , increase training and supervision and reduce chronic worker fatigue ( M )
When that same woman walks into Tiffany , she enters with a different state of mind .
Aetna and a number of other health insurance companies face dozens of lawsuits challenging fundamental managed care policies at a time when costs are generally rising as many patients insist on expensive drugs and procedures .
Although the content of out-of-copyright books will be accessible at no charge from MSN Book Search , Microsoft is talking with publishers about how it might charge for books under copyright -- perhaps per page , perhaps per chapter .
Advertising Age also mentioned the TBWA Chiat/Day unit of Omnicom in Venice , Calif. That shop is the successor to Chiat/Day , which created the spectacular , successful spot for Apple titled ''1984 '' but stumbled the next year with a dour commercial called ''Lemmings '' and lost Apple to BBDO West in 1986 .
Mr. Gates cited research showing Microsoft patents are cited as ''prior art , '' or examples of existing knowledge , in other patent filings somewhat more often than the patents of other technology companies , including Oracle , Sun Microsystems , Apple and I.B.M .
A consortium of investment firms was near a deal late last night to acquire Freescale Semiconductor , a former unit of Motorola , for more than $ 16 billion , according to people briefed on the negotiations .
''Both sides '' in the Microsoft case , he wrote , ''are too quick , however , to minimize the difficulty of how tying law properly applies to software products . ''
Bloomberg Television officials announce agreement with Time Warner Cable that will open door for cable company 's regional systems to carry Bloomberg programming ( S )
Since the AOL Time Warner merger , the chief executive , Richard D. Parsons , has focused on paying down debt and calming a frayed corporate culture torn about by conflicts created in the merger .
Leaders of personal computer industry propose their vision of future of television , setting them on collision course with broadcast companies ; executives from Compaq Computer Corp , Microsoft Corp and Intel Corp spell out technical format for digital televisions that Compaq and other personal computer makers plan to include as standard equipment in all personal computers sold in US starting in 1998 -- format incompatible with digital technology that broadcasters plan to use , National Association of Broadcasters ' annual convention , Las Vegas , Nev ( L )
AT & T Corp and Comcast Corp says 1,700 jobs , or 30 percent of work force , will be cut at AT & T 's cable unit after companies merge ; cuts will mostly affect executive and management positions ; graph ( S )
With his stake in Comcast , Mr. Gates could combine the production of entertainment with cable distribution to the PC monitor whose operating system he owns .
The alliance is the first of its kind between Microsoft and a major Japanese electronics maker , and could pave the way for similar deals between Microsoft and other hardware manufacturers .
It would potentially widen the distribution channel for its funds , if the Smith Barney unit of Citigroup were allowed to sell Legg funds , traditionally sold only by Legg 's much smaller brokerage group .
Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , still groping for on-line strategy , is negotiating to buy Pointcast Inc , Internet information distributor , but two sides reportedly remain far apart on price ; has reportedly offered Pointcast approximately $ 400 million , but executives of Pointcast are reportedly demanding far more ( M )
It reported on Apple negotiations with Intel , not with I.B.M. , which makes the PowerPC chips along with Freescale Semiconductor .
A Dutch toxicologist hired by Coca-Cola reported earlier this week that the offending pallets had been treated with a compound similar in some respects to creosote , a wood preservative that can contain the strong petroleum distillates phenol or cresol and is used to keep fungi and insects from attacking railroad ties or fence posts .
Trying to trade their somewhat stodgy images for that of a young technology dynamo , Bell Atlantic and GTE said yesterday that they would call their combined company Verizon after their merger deal is completed .
The foundation affiliated with the American Advertising Federation in Washington and the Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati will conduct a survey to gauge diversity in the advertising industry .
While mergers in the pharmaceutical industry have become relatively common , the triangle of Pfizer , American Home Products and Warner-Lambert seems to hold more intrique than most .
Then this fall 3Com and Microsoft will begin to distribute add-on products through retail channels , including stores and Internet shops .
Federal Bankruptcy Judge Robert Drain is set to open hearing on auto supplier Delphi 's legal push to void its labor contracts and impose sharply lower wages and benefits ; United Auto Workers has warned of possible strike that would shut down company and its biggest customer , General Motors ; photo ( M )
I.B.M .
During the half-hour meeting , according to interviews and court papers , Andrew Grove , Intel 's top executive , persuaded James Meadlock , Intergraph 's chairman and chief executive , to use Intel as the sole supplier of chips for Intergraph 's work stations -- high-performance computers aimed at engineers , architects and others requiring powerful graphics , design and animation capabilities .
FirstEnergy Corp says its cash postion fell sharply during second quarter ; financial statements show company had $ 64.2 million in cash on hand on June 30 , down from $ 290 million on March 31 and $ 359.1 ilion previous June ; reports positive cash flow of $ 21.7 million in second quarter , but that was dwarfed by needs for capital spending and for debt repayment ( M )
The upside for CBS could be enormous , Mr. Binder said .
Coca-Cola Enterprises referred questions about the law to the National Soft Drink Association , the industry 's chief trade group .
The hirings would increase Boeing 's total work force to 118,350 by the end of the year , from 105,180 on Jan. 1 .
Wal-Mart Assumes Complete Control of Its Online Store
Frontier 's board has also decided to take no action on the bid from Qwest , Frontier said last week .
It works with many Verizon phones , including the LG Chocolate and Samsung SCH-A950 .
But Linux supporters said most corporations viewed the SCO campaign as mainly a dispute between two companies , I.B.M .
''As of Thursday , they could lift Gap to a positive for the month , '' he said .
Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant that bought Bestfoods in the United States last year , said today that it had agreed to sell some of its European sauces and packet-soup businesses to Campbell Soup for about $ 920 million to satisfy conditions imposed by regulators when they approved the Bestfoods deal .
In July , Campbell said it was thinking of selling or spinning off operations with a total of $ 1.4 billion in revenue as it concentrates on its soup , sauces , baked-goods and food-service operations , which it considers its core businesses .
Pfizer said in a statement that it ''respectfully disagrees with F.D.A .
After criticism last month , Adobe Systems withdrew its support of the case .
Under its proposal to buy AT & T Broadband , Comcast would own no more than 1 percent of the combined company but would have about 42 percent of the vote , which could be considered effective control .
In December , ''Dateline NBC '' reported an Indonesian factory making clothes for Mattel 's Barbie doll employed 13-year-old girls toiling for about $ 2 a day .
Several years ago , before the ascent of the Internet , Microsoft , TCI and Time Warner came close to forming a corporation , Cablesoft , that was to have developed software for the interactive cable systems then considered the wave of the future .
United Healthcare now has a double mission .
CVS , the second-biggest drugstore chain in the country , is in advanced talks to acquire Caremark Rx , the leading pharmacy benefits manager , for more than $ 21 billion , people close to the negotiations said yesterday .
Critics of Nike responded favorably to many elements of the plan released today , while noting that Mr. Knight had not promised to increase pay .
Two of Johnson & Johnson 's other major drugs -- Procrit , a medication for anemia , and Risperdal , for schizophrenia -- face increasing competition from competitors .
That brings to $ 2 billion the portion of Boeing 's $ 20 billion in actively managed funds that are invested with firms owned by minorities or women .
The records were unsealed by Judge Charles L. Brieant of Federal District Court in White Plains in connection with a group of long-running class-action lawsuits against Merck and Medco .
Likewise , AT & T is prohibited from discriminating against rivals in supplying proprietary network services .
Though Ford Motor has outperformed its rivals in profitability over the last year , it has had several stumbles lately .
The appeals court held that Microsoft had illegally maintained its monopoly on Windows , which runs on 90 percent of new PC 's , in a series of acts aimed at harming the Netscape Navigator browser and Sun 's Java programming language .
But he said Sun had no immediate plans to try to compete with Microsoft for the heart of its user base : white-collar workers and managers .
In the second , Boeing will sell five 777-200 airplanes to the Civil Aviation Administration of China , a state-owned enterprise , for use by China Air .
Several years ago , Goldman Sachs reached out to private equity funds that were clients and suggested it would like to be an adviser and a financier as well as , when appropriate , an investor alongside them , said a Goldman Sachs spokesman .
That said , some people may simply enjoy wandering around an enormous warehouse and marveling at the scale of everything , the same way that eBay bidders love the thrill of an auction .
General Motors and Roseland said they would now begin seeking input from the village and local environmental groups , and would expect to develop a detailed plan over the next four to six months .
Microsoft , in turn , will offer technological expertise to expand the breadth of The Voice 's on-line guide .
The Coca-Cola Company in Atlanta is placing in review the account of its Powerade sports drink , which has been handled for about a decade by the New York and Seattle offices of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
The company will retain Citigroup Inc. as its legal name .
Its main laboratories are in Murray Hill and Holmdel , N.J. , well removed from AT & T headquarters in Basking Ridge , N.J .
Mr. Simeon told Wal-Mart to get a new supplier .
In a development that could drastically change the direction of a 12-day walkout by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications , representatives for nearly two-thirds of the striking workers said yesterday that they would break off negotiations if they did not reach an agreement with the company by midnight tonight .
Last month , General Motors rattled the industry when it began the sale , which can drop the average sticker price on a vehicle by several thousand dollars .
On average , Lucent files four patent applications a workday -- second only in the United States to I.B.M .
As for the money that the parent companies of Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison have made from selling plants and electricity , company officials say the deregulation plan requires that those profits be applied to paying off the costs of nuclear and other facilities built long ago -- and not to today 's power costs .
If outsiders are not true believers , however , Intel is .
Still , Gateway finally got approval to make a few changes in the Microsoft-ordained regimen for how users move from its Windows operating system out onto the Internet .
Richard H. Matzke , 62 , the president of Chevron Overseas Petroleum and a member of the board , will succeed Mr. O'Reilly as vice chairman for worldwide exploration .
Mr. Gerstner and shareholders are not the only ones profiting from the turnaround at I.B.M .
The agency 's scrutiny of Boston Scientific 's manufacturing comes in the wake of recalls and damaging disclosures by Guidant about fatal product defects that company executives evidently knew about long before notifying doctors .
But while Apple 's selection covers much ground , it is less diverse than what is available from companies like Hewlett-Packard , Dell , Sony and Lenovo .
But Mr. Barrett gave no indication that Intel was planning to give up on its multi-billion-dollar commitment to the more powerful Itanium -- a chip that has set speed records but so far has sold only in limited numbers .
''But if Sun can slow down Microsoft 's advances with the software developers , this will prove to be a good strategy . ''
Yahoo executives said the increase was all the more significant because of the way it was achieved : the company had increases in revenue from services like premium e-mail , from listings like classified ads and from taking a cut of the transactions made on the site .
The filing also said Mr. Stonecipher would remain a Boeing employee until April 1 and would be paid about $ 125,000 a month .
AT & T planned to keep its name if the merger is approved , and Mr. Whitacre would remain at the helm .
Microsoft 's version offers no such instant gratification .
American Express did , however , have money to spend from a $ 300 million after-tax gain on the sale of its holding of First Data Corporation stock .
In an announcement that could dispel at least some of the recent safety concerns over a widely used class of drugs , Amgen said yesterday that its anemia drug Aranesp did not increase the death rate of lung cancer patients in a closely watched clinical trial .
Over the last several years , CVS has developed a robust licensing program that has allowed it to slap brand names like Life Fitness ( the workout equipment maker ) onto a line of vitamins and Christophe ( the Beverly Hills stylist ) onto a collection of hair care products .
Coca-Cola , not eager to share control of a big brand with outsiders , distanced itself from the pair and their Web site ( eepybird.com ) .
A year ago ING , the Dutch insurer , which has been operating quietly in the United States for years , jump-started its business by buying ReliaStar and parts of Aetna , which , together , were only slightly smaller than John Hancock and Lincoln National combined .
In that eight-year span , annual trips to stores like Wal-Mart jumped to 26 from 13 , and trips to club stores like Costco increased to 11 from 8 .
''Wal-Mart knew of 41 injuries , and Icon knew of 68 , '' said Ann Brown , the commission 's chairwoman .
Several supporters of a Wal-Mart bank application said criticism of its proposal was a thinly veiled effort to prevent a new and nimble competitor from entering the industry .
Amtrak , with help from Yahoo and Compaq Computer , began offering free wireless Internet service on some of its trains .
For his part , Mr. Gates repeatedly said yesterday that Microsoft was committed to supporting industry standards for the Internet and was vulnerable to many competitors .
Johnson & Johnson , first company to get approval for new drug-coated artery stent , joins forces with competitor Guidant to sell its Cypher stent ; Boston Scientific is close to receiving approval for its competing stent Taxus and some analysts expect company to take away market from Johnson & Johnson ; Guidant is still two years away from introducing its own drug-coated stent in US ( M )
The change came as Microsoft , which is already fighting a federal court ruling that it violated antitrust law , confirmed that the Justice Department had opened a new inquiry into the company 's investments .
Merck has long been among the strongest companies financially , with a credit rating among the highest in American business .
This person also defended Morgan Stanley 's peremptory legal action against Ms. Schieffelin as a prudent step to protect the firm against baseless lawsuits .
And much of the improvement in the industry 's bottom line in 2005 came from an increase of $ 1.8 billion in the combined net profit of Amgen and Genentech .
Under the terms of the deal , each FleetBoston share will be exchanged for 0.55 share of Bank of America .
Yesterday , Pfizer executives said that they were not concerned about any antitrust issues .
Mr. Morelli also represented Christian Curry , a former Morgan Stanley employee , who contended in a very public dispute that the firm fired him because he was black and perceived to be gay .
To underscore the importance of the digital music marketplace , he demonstrated a new free Apple program called iTunes , intended to compete with similar audio player products made by RealNetworks and Microsoft .
For its work for AT & T , it will earn a sizable fee -- likely to total several million dollars .
NEW NETWORKING PRODUCTS FROM CISCO
Global Alpha 's investors are wealthy Goldman Sachs clients who may be less likely to move their money out as fast .
Correction : May 11 , 2005 , Wednesday The David Pogue column in Business Day on April 28 , about Apple Computer 's new operating system , Mac OS X 10.4 , referred incorrectly to a plot element in the ''Superman '' movies .
Electronic Arts is further exploiting its musical prowess by moving into the music publishing business .
I.B.M .
Wal-Mart introduced a pilot program similar to Netflix 's last fall and began the full service only this month .
General Motors named the head of its profitable Asia Pacific region Tuesday to run its troubled North American operations .
It was also an effort by Microsoft 's critics to shore up political support for the nine states pursuing tougher remedies and a message to Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly , the federal judge supervising the antitrust case , that she should be bold in considering ways to sanction the company .
It wo n't be the first -- or the last , because it turns out that some Windows converts actually do come back to Apple .
A Morgan Stanley spokesman said yesterday : ''We 're obviously pleased with the N.A.S.D .
Losing the Time Warner deal is still a big disappointment for EMI , analysts said .
Participants in the discussions included Ivan Seidenberg , Verizon 's chairman and chief executive , Michael D. Capellas , MCI 's president and chief executive , and David W. Dorman , the chairman and chief executive of AT & T .
Government lawyers say that their stongest hand is the copious documentary evidence they subpoenaed from Microsoft : thousands of E-mail messages and other internal corporate records from the last five years .
Citigroup chief executive Sanford I Weill will resign from boards of AT & T Corp and United Technologies , whose chief executives sit on board of Citigroup ; announcement is latest effort by Weill to raise business standards at Citigroup at time when regulators are investigating possible conflicts of interest at company 's investment bank Salomon Smith Barney ; company names Michael T Masin , president of Verizon Communications , as chief operating officer of Citigroup ; will take over responsibilities given by Charles O Prince III , when he became chief executive of Salomon ( M )
At I.B.M. , many of the nearly 3,000 patents are credited to more than one inventor , so the company 's total represents the work of thousands of engineers , scientists and researchers .
Wal-Mart executives asked Pepsi sales representatives in Bentonville to come up with a new diet soda in flavors not widely available .
Several of the Macintosh clone makers said they had told Apple that the higher fees would jeopardize their businesses .
Microsoft got into the program-guide business last year , when the company paid $ 425 million for WebTV Networks , the manufacturer of a set-top box that allows browsing of the Web on a television set .
Verizon Communications announced Monday that it was selling its interests in phone companies in Venezuela , Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic for $ 3.7 billion , saying they no longer fit in with its business focus .
In Revamping , Hasbro to Cut 2,500 Jobs
THE good news for Amazon.com is that the Securities and Exchange Commission did not charge it with faking its own books in connection with its Amazon Commerce Network , an alliance of other Internet sites in which Amazon both invested and received advertising revenue .
''We are able to use the platform we 've been investing in for years to service their needs , '' Mr. Bezos said , referring to companies like Marks & Spencer , the British retailer , which signed on with Amazon during the quarter .
The Kodak chip 's sensor is based on a more expensive manufacturing technology known as Charged Coupled Device , or C.C.D .
By late March , Humana said it had whittled the backlog down to a mere $ 73 million .
The result has been that I.B.M .
The company is expected to announce today that its business serving high net-worth customers will be called U.S. Trust , Bank of America Private Wealth Management , taking advantage of its $ 3.3 billion purchase last November of U.S. Trust , one of the most prestigious names in private banking .
Kodak has agreements to supply it with some chemicals , and it will provide some film-coating services under contract .
AT & T , the nation 's No .
The judge also dismissed a claim by the agents that Allstate had violated pension laws .
Bank of America benefited from its aggressive integration of MBNA , the big credit card company it bought last summer , and the strong performance of its consumer bank even as it faced a tougher operating environment as high interest rates put pressure on profit margins .
Chevron and ConocoPhillips of the United States , Statoil and Hydro of Norway and Total of France are now in talks with Gazprom to join a consortium to develop the Shtokman offshore gas deposit estimated to hold 3.7 trillion cubic meters .
''The banks have to book that loan on their balance sheets , '' he said , and the institutions would rather not write down the value of their Xerox loans .
Juan Carlos Garcia Cuartango , an engineer in Spain , said he discovered both flaws late last month and immediately informed Microsoft .
Google has been known to guarantee revenue to partners in search ventures , and Mr. Rohan said it might do the same for CBS and other radio companies in order to get its radio business off the ground .
In yet another effort to restore investor confidence , Viacom said yesterday that its chairman and controlling shareholder , Sumner M. Redstone , was restructuring his pay to more clearly align it with shareholder interest and to base it on the company 's financial performance .
Red Hat and Novell are set to introduce media-playing software of RealNetworks in their Linux desktop computer products ; RealNetworks , which competes with Microsoft 's Media Player , has previously reached distribution agreements with TurboLinux , which is strong in Asian markets , and Sun Microsystems , whose Java desktop software runs on Linux ; media software represents evolution of RealNetworks ' embrace of open-source software ; photos ( M )
Lynne V. Cheney , the wife of the Vice President , was a member of the board of Lockheed Martin from 1994 until Jan. 5 of this year .
Later this summer , Microsoft plans to introduce a competing service , Virtual Earth , with software that programmers will be able to use in similarly creative ways .
It said Microsoft should be free to blend its Web browser into Windows as long as it could make a ''plausible claim '' of business efficiency or consumer benefit from doing so .
When Ms. Druyun 's conflicts with Boeing became known in 2003 , the chief executive then , Philip M. Condit , who was also cited in these documents , resigned .
''Deep Blue is n't a person , '' said Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , I.B.M .
The coffee is what Starbucks is all about . ''
Executives are considering which brands are the most likely candidates , said Jim Stengel , the global marketing officer for Procter .
Coca-Cola Co will begin first ad campaign in two yhears for Diet Coke , with commercials featuring voices of celebrities ; campaign will be created by Wieden & Kennedy ( S )
actually have a grand strategy in data storage , or has the company 's new chief executive , Samuel J. Palmisano , simply opted for an expedient way to improve I.B.M .
Ending five years of wrangling , Exxon Mobil appeared yesterday to have reached agreement with Indonesia 's state-owned oil company , Pertamina , clearing the last hurdle to developing one of the country 's most promising oil deposits .
Certainly , Mr. Westmoreland , Wal-Mart 's computer software buyer , faced considerable skepticism a few years ago when he first suggested the idea of inexpensive games for a mass market of newcomers to personal computers .
Amtrak , with help from Yahoo and Compaq Computer , begin offering free wireless Internet service on some of its trains ( S )
The warning was the second Motorola was forced to issue this quarter , a dubious distinction it shares with Apple Computer and Circuit City , among others .
In the first suit , the Justice Department accused Microsoft of violating a provision of antitrust law that regulates ''tying '' -- the bundling of one product with another as a condition of licensing the more popular product -- in this case tying Internet Explorer to Windows 95 .
Hollywood saw Microsoft 's and Creative Artists ' proposal as less of a framework than an ultimatum .
But the reorganization announced today amounted more to a power shift within the company that is not likely to appease Apple shareholders .
''There is no doubt in my mind that Microsoft is a unique , gifted , efficient and ingenious organism , '' he said in February .
Without such a plan , Moody 's said , Conseco 's accountants could issue a qualified opinion questioning the company 's ability to continue operating .
Cisco Systems and other networking companies have reported big gains in their sales and profits in last few months , fueling revival of technology stocks , but government spending has accounted for substantial share of those gains and government spending is leveling off ; Pres Bush 's proposed budget for 2005 fiscal year projects technology spending at $ 59.8 billion , rise of 1 percent from 2004 ; only increase in corporate technology spending can generate growth that investors in Cisco and other networking companies appear to be expecting ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Yahoo names David Rosensweig chief operating officer , replacing Jeffrey Mallet , who announced his resignation in January ; photo ( S )
''If you truly believe this product is going to constrain Microsoft 's market share , then run , do n't walk , to your broker and sell Microsoft stock short . ''
But Microsoft shapes the environment , Mr. Colbeth says ; others must adapt .
Mr. Stemberg of Staples contended that a merger would result in lower prices through the efficiencies of higher-volume buying and the consolidation of transportation , warehousing , marketing and record-keeping .
So Dr. Araneta 's autopsy proves that Vioxx is not connected to Mr. Ernst 's death , Merck 's lawyers say .
Microsoft recently selected Richard Schmalensee , a distinguished economist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , as its expert witness to explain why the huge software company is a national asset and not a monopolistic predator .
One of the executives , Kevin J. McCaffrey , is former director of research at Salomon , a subsidiary of Citigroup , who supervised Jack B. Grubman , the former telecommunications analyst who resigned from the firm last August and has been sued by NASD .
Mr. Eckert , 45 , takes the position left by Jill E. Barad , who resigned in February after failing to turn around a troubled software company that Mattel bought for $ 3.8 billion a year ago .
Intel also failed to meet demand for its chips , in large part because of a shortage of memory components among its suppliers .
But while the 3-Step Guide and letter said my e-mail address would stay the same except for the domain name ( comcast.net instead of home.com ) , the guide also showed my user name as a 15-character string -- nothing that I or my correspondents would be able to remember .
The legal tool that the Government is using in its assault on the Microsoft Corporation -- the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 -- is brief , vague and malleable .
A spokeswoman for the firm , Judith Hitchen , said the firm had been considering the change for several months and it was unconnected to the abrupt resignation last week of John J. Mack , the president of Morgan Stanley .
Comcast 's bid for Walt Disney Co sends ripples through nation 's biggest media companies ; deal is latest escalation in arms race of mergers as major media conglomerates vie for upper hand in multisided negotiations over distribution of movies , sports and television programs ; for smaller cable operators or independent programmers , there is new pressure that could drive them into mergers or out of business as they struggle to compete with conglomerates ' bargaining power ; as soon as Comcast bid is announced , eager investment bankers begin trolling for new deals , urging rival companies to get in on the action ; graph ( M )
Shares in CBS rose $ 1.04 , to $ 26.89
The deal with SBC comes after several high-profile failures by Microsoft in its efforts to enter the lucrative television market .
As a result of Microsoft 's restrictive boot-up and desktop screen agreements , OEM 's are deprived of the freedom to make competitive choices about which browser or other software product should be offered to their customers , the ability to determine for themselves the design and configuration of the initial screens displayed on the computers they sell , and the ability to differentiate their products to serve their perceptions of consumers ' needs .
In a 10-page brief filed this afternoon in response to a government filing on Wednesday , Microsoft raised a potentially important argument : it asserted that the states were not covered by the Expediting Act , which allows direct appeal of significant antitrust cases ''in which the United States is the complainant . ''
David Baskerville , an Adobe Acrobat product manager , said that a sample set of 100,000 PDF files retrieved by Adobe over the Internet , using a demonstration version of an engine that searches PDF files , had an average of 14 formatted pages per file .
Apple sold 216,000 of its iPod hand-held music players during the quarter , a performance the company characterized as quite strong .
The I.B.M .
The announcement today of the Exxon Corporation 's $ 80 billion acquisition of the Mobil Corporation may have profound implications for the Asian oil industry , which has been dominated by Royal Dutch/ Shell and Caltex Petroleum , a joint venture of Chevron and Texaco .
Ann Hayden , who has been the executive creative director for the last five years at the New York office of Young & Rubicam , part of the Young & Rubicam Brands division of the WPP Group , is leaving to join Saatchi New York as the worldwide creative director for the General Mills account .
Lockheed Martin Corp has begun review of its advertising account , which has been handled since August 1996 by DDB Worldwide ; agency had declined invitation to take part , thereby resigning account ( S )
Approximately 20 agents refused to sign and left the company without receiving any special benefits , and Allstate had contended that only they could properly bring a lawsuit .
In a sign that American drug companies are cracking open the Japanese market , Johnson & Johnson will announce today that Tylenol will be available in Japan early this fall .
The conditions highlight the hard-line approach taken by Mr. Purcell and Morgan Stanley in their battle with the eight retired executives , who for more than a month now have argued publicly that Mr. Purcell has mismanaged the company and must resign .
In the hope of speeding the antitrust review , Express Scripts has already dispatched its lawyers to start arguing its case before the commission staff .
Net sales at Amazon.com increased 26 percent , to $ 1.75 billion ; squarely in the middle of what the company said it expected .
But Robert Fagin of CIBC Oppenheimer downgraded Adobe from a buy to a hold last week because he thinks the new Pagemaker , code-named K-2 , is really an enterprise-level product , meaning that it will be critical to the operations of the big publishers who use it .
Of Apple 's total computer sales , 59 percent were notebooks .
As of June 30 , Visa reported $ 771 billion in transactions in 2006 , compared with $ 411 billion for MasterCard .
Media Buying Duties For Verizon Are Set
AT & T Business , with four million clients , is widely regarded as the premier provider of corporate communications services and is often mentioned as the most attractive part of AT & T for potential acquirers .
Competition Is Feverish As 3 Cities Woo Boeing
At yesterday 's closing price , an annual payout of $ 1.10 a share would give Pfizer a dividend yield of about 4.5 percent , triple that of the average big stock , potentially attracting value investors to the company .
According to the terms of their agreement , Simon Property , which is based in Indianapolis , and Morgan Stanley 's real estate unit will each own about 32.5 percent of the new partnership ; their Chinese partner , a subsidiary of the Shenzhen International Trust and Investment Company , will own 35 percent .
Robert Breed , former broker at First United Equities , and Jennifer D'Antoni , former Duke & Co broker , plead guilty to taking secret stock information , major victory for New York State prosecutors in one of the biggest insider trading cases of recent years ; nine people have now admitted guilt in case ; both pleas were in connection to the use of confidential information supplied by Marisa Baridis , former compliance aide at Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney ( M )
Interpublic , an agency company , has previously sold money-losing auto racetracks , as well as those for go-carts and motorcycles , as it has sought to focus on core advertising and marketing services .
The Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with Saatchi & Saatchi in New York , part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C. , by naming the agency to handle the account of the PUR line of drinking-water filters .
Although some news reports last week indicated that Mr. Gates had made an impassioned effort to stop the A.T. & T.-Lotus deal , an A.T. & T. official said today that was not the case .
Oracle 's move , Mr. Ellison asserted , was merely a step in the inevitable consolidation in the software industry that was necessary because of slower long-term growth in the technology sector .
Wal-Mart Stores is changing some selling strategies after poor showing over Thanksgiving weekend ; will mark down two dozen of its most popular toys and electronics , run full-page ads in 15 major markets and 35 secondary markets and introduce seven 15-second television spots ; will also run Internet 'circular ' for first time , giving it flexibility to reduce prices again if competition gets too aggressive ; Wal-Mart recorded only 0.7 percent sales increase for November among stores open at least a year , compared with its own projections of a 2 to 4 percent increase ; Target , major competitor , was up 3.2 percent , in line with estimates ; Thomson Financial index of overall retail sales rose 1.5 percent in November , missing 2.5 percent estimate and below last month 's 4 percent ; excluding Wal-Mart , index rose 2.8 percent ; sales figures at other major retailers noted ; graphs ; photos ( M )
The immediate winners include all 2.3 million AT & T shareholders , of course , whose holdings are worth 10.6 percent more now than they were a day earlier .
You must load music onto the phone from your copy of iTunes 5.0 , a sleek new version of Apple 's free jukebox software for Mac and Windows .
Microsoft 's archrival , Sun Microsystems , recently introduced a plan that would also shift its focus to the Internet , called the Sun Open Net Environment .
As part of the agreement , Fidelity will administer I.B.M .
The campaign is the first for Kinko 's by the TBWA/Chiat/Day unit of Omnicom Group since the agency 's Playa del Rey , Calif. , office was awarded the account in July .
The Seoul District Court rejected a suit by the French manufacturer Dassault Aviation demanding disqualification of the Boeing Company as the winner of a contract to build 40 fighter planes for the South Korean Air Force at a cost of more than $ 4 billion .
Yesterday 's pro-Microsoft document was prepared by the Washington law firm of Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering .
''I think it will go nuts in the fourth quarter , '' said Kimball Brown , an analyst with Dataquest , who said his only reservation concerned Apple 's reliance on a new connection method , called U.S.B. , for printers , floppy disk drives and other peripheral devices .
Under the second order , Microsoft must sell a version of Windows that is not bundled with its Media Player music and video software , alongside the bundled version it currently sells .
Microsoft has added a variety of automated features in the new version , which makes it easier to revisit favorite Web sites , to fill out forms and to conduct searches for information on line .
''The widespread consensus on the importance of sound financial policies combined with a vibrant multiparty democracy provides additional support to continued fiscal discipline , '' Moody 's said .
Sun said the version ''polluted '' Java , which is designed to run on all systems , and it asserted more generally that Microsoft was seeking to co-opt a technology that threatened the dominance of its Windows platform .
Moody 's said Mitsubishi did not have the size to be competitive on cost and thus must find a way to build vehicles that consumers will pay a premium for .
An American Express survey of business travelers has found that 65 percent of respondents always or almost always use a laptop computer on overnight trips .
IBM will stop selling its personal computers in retail outlets in North America and sell them only on Internet after Christmas ; Thinkpad laptops will still be available in stores , and corporate computers will be sold through dealers , as well as directly from company ; IBM is abandoning retail stores because it has been losing ground to companies that sell directly to customers , like Dell Computer Corp and Gateway Inc ; IBM 's personal computer division lost $ 1 billion last year and $ 240 million in first half of this year ( M )
Mr. Beck , the Boeing spokesman , said that the program was proceeding smoothly .
Intel has contended that such gains should be included in its regular earnings , since the practice of making strategic investments in smaller companies has become just as routine a feature of Intel 's business as making microchips .
Motorola executives said today that the second-quarter report represented the eighth consecutive quarterly profit gain and was just the latest indication that the company was aggressively moving ahead .
Last July , Microsoft announced that it was investigating a sale of Slate , which has about 30 full-time employees ; the software company had found that a Web magazine of cultural criticism and political analysis had little relevance to its primary business .
Xerox Takes Next Step Out Of Insurance
The average final bid on eBay is somewhere near $ 25 ; for Lunch With a Leader , the average final bid was $ 925 .
''Bharti and Wal-Mart make a formidable combination , '' said Arvind Singhal , chairman of KSA Technopak , a retail consultant based in New Delhi .
Mr. Schmalensee testified that the small competitors nipping at Microsoft 's operating system business should be considered serious threats .
In the summer of 1995 , one memo showed , Mr. Gates wrote to Andrew S. Grove , chairman of the Intel Corporation , bluntly asking why Intel was doing software research that might conflict with Microsoft 's plans .
Kodak is part of a growing cadre of companies trying to tailor their paper-based businesses to a world in which electrons rule .
In an e-mail message to be sent to all I.B.M .
In June , Mr. Carp promised investors that Kodak 's revenue , which was $ 14 billion last year , would hit $ 24 billion in 2005 .
The restructuring committee of Hynix , once a core company of the Hyundai Group but now in the hands of creditors , said yesterday that consultants from Goldman , Sachs and Salomon Smith Barney had pored over records at the Hynix headquarters in Ichon , south of Seoul , on Saturday and recommended final talks with Micron as early as next week .
'' said Jeremy Dale , vice president for global retail and channel marketing for Motorola .
The agreement will set a maximum contribution that Honeywell must pay each year , giving Wall Street certainty about the financial effect of the company 's exposure to asbestos claims , Mr. Kreindler said .
Walt Disney Co reports fourth-quarter earnings of $ 222 million , compared with $ 188 million in same period year earlier , as strength of film unit compensates for weakness of its networks and theme parks ( M )
Investors , who have pushed the price of Kodak stock down sharply this year , did not punish the shares yesterday .
This week , Microsoft released Works Suite 2000 , an integrated collection of utility and reference applications that is a kind of office suite for the home computer user .
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission threw federal weight yesterday behind two private lawsuits against the Lockheed Martin Corporation , the big military contractor , seeking to assist and broadly amplify the claims of 11 employees who say the company discriminated against them because they are black .
In recent weeks , Microsoft rivals urged the Justice Department to include such sanctions in any settlement deal .
Micron Technology agreed in principle yesterday to buy most of Hynix Semiconductor of South Korea -- taking all of its main business , the manufacture of memory chips , and a 15 percent stake in the rest -- for about $ 4 billion in cash and stock .
Earlier this month , Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , delivered a shock to experimental , underground and just plain old-fashioned filmmakers when -- one day after a May 8 celebration called Global Super 8 Day -- it announced plans to discontinue its low-speed , fine-grained Kodachrome Super 8 film in favor of a new Ektachrome Super 8 product .
As the wedding day moves closer for America Online and Time Warner , it is worth asking whether this couple seems as right for each other as they did when the engagement was announced in January .
The top five international hotel chains , by number of rooms , according to the latest MKG Consulting survey , are InterContinental , 532,701 rooms , up 49 percent since 1995 ; Cendant , 520,860 rooms , up 26 percent ; Marriott , 469,218 rooms , up 154 percent ; Accor , 463,427 rooms , up 81 percent ; and Choice , 403,806 rooms , up 37 percent .
Mr. Swasey said that the PeopleSoft board had met more than 80 times in the past 16 months to discuss Oracle 's tender offer .
As of July 1 , 1996 , Mr. Lewis had helped raise $ 42,202 for the Dole campaign from Union Pacific employees , making Union Pacific the 12th-largest contributor to the campaign , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
''From Microsoft 's point of view , they have waited long enough , '' he said .
Microsoft said last year that four out of five of its multiuser customers would pay the same or less under the new system than they did under the old .
''I think Quark perceived that with the recent earnings disappointment and the departure of three senior executives , Adobe was in a weakened and confused state and that this would provide an opportunity to coerce management and shareholders to consider a combination . ''
Morgan Stanley to Offer On-Line Trading to All Its Customers
After the deal is completed , Procter intends to buy back $ 18 billion to $ 20 billion worth of stock from the combined company , the companies said in a joint statement .
Electronic Arts has been successful with its FIFA-branded line of soccer games for Microsoft , Nintendo and Sony platforms , but this is the first year the company had made its games available for the Xbox Live .
''Any developer who accepts an agreement that does n't respect their relationship with the customer is like a turkey accepting an invitation to Thanksgiving dinner , '' said Jeff Brown , a spokesman for Electronic Arts .
AOL Time Warner Inc 's Netscape Communications Corp files broad antitrust suit against Microsoft Crop , charging that decline in sales of its Web browsing software is result of Microsoft 's illegal tactics ; suit represents new round of legal problems for Microsoft , carrying potential for billions of dollars in damages and new sanctions on its behavior ; Microsoft says it is 'disappointed ' by AOL suit , adding that it has consistently tried to cooperate with AOL and has been consistently rebuffed ( M )
Warden used his second day cross-examining David M. Colburn , a senior vice president of America Online , to try to portray Microsoft 's dealings with its business partners and competitors as standard practice in the industry .
Its sleek machines have long been objects of consumer lust but are frequently passed over in favor of more pedestrian computers that run Windows , leaving Apple with about 5 percent of the personal computer market .
Lineo , former sister company of SCO Group , has quietly agreed to settle software maker Monte Vista 's charges that it engaged in same kind of copyright infringement that is at heart of SCO 's claims against IBM and others over use of parts of its Unix operating system in Linux software ; case highlights behind-the-scenes role of Canopy , investment firm founded by Ray Noorda that is SCO 's largest shareholder and formerly controlled Lineo ( M )
Terry S. Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , said in an interview yesterday that Mr. Meisel 's departure and the other management changes were part of a long-term plan and that Yahoo planned to introduce technology over the next six months that would increase its revenue per page .
Stock prices of Time Warner Inc and America Online tumble , with each down $ 5 or more a share ; value of stock that America Online is offering for Time Warner , valued at $ 165 billion when deal was announced , leaped to $ 180 billion in early trading on Jan 10 but is down to $ 145.1 billion by end of trading Jan 11 ; graph ; photo of Gerald M Levin and Stephen M Case , respective chairmen of Time Warner and America Online ( M )
The report reiterated a rating of Interpublic stock as neutral .
General Electric 's chairman-chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt tells executives in India that India is has never offered company more potential than it does today ; says GE plans to participate in country 's 'massive focus ' on energy and will create fund for infrastructure that could reach $ 1 billion ; Immelt 's latest trip to India comes as country 's economy hits new high ; India 's gross domestic product grew by 9.4 percent in year ended in March ; over last 12 months , GE signed deals to finance power plant for cement company and supply Air India with environmentally friendly engines ; it also says it plans to invest $ 2 billion in Indian real estate and about $ 250 million in infrastructure and health care projects in India ; expects to add 4,000 more employees in India over net two years , bringing its total work force in country to 17,000 ; photo ( M )
The net result , he said , has been to reduce the proportion of higher-end , higher-profit products in Intel 's revenue mix , which pushed down total sales and profit margins , he said .
The I.B.M .
For the last several months , Microsoft has been combing Silicon Alley for proposals for its Microsoft Network , the third-largest on-line service , behind America Online and Compuserve .
Union officials had argued that Verizon could avoid layoffs by bringing back work it had contracted to outside companies .
For his part , Microsoft 's lead lawyer , John Warden , characterized the Government 's case as ''specious , '' ''fiction , '' ''fantasy , '' ''silly '' and ''pure baloney . ''
With the Zune , it is Apple and its iPod franchise , which has 90 percent of the market for digital music players costing $ 200 and above , industry analysts say .
Officials of the pension funds said Halliburton 's 11-member board had failed to protect shareholder interests adequately by allowing the company to engage in activities that have hurt its reputation and stock price .
In its statement , Wal-Mart said it had ''acknowledged it had compliance issues when the statute became effective in 2001 . ''
Yesterday 's earnings report was the first from Procter since Durk I. Jager abruptly resigned in June as chairman and chief executive .
Monsanto balked at sharing that technology , according to lawyers and executives .
After Queensland Alumin and CS Energy agreed this week to buy some of the gas for the next 20 years , Exxon Mobil , based in Irving , Tex. , said that it would proceed with plans to design the pipeline , an expensive process that has in the past signaled its commitment to a project .
''Although it initially appeared that Halliburton was gouging only American taxpayers , '' the lawmakers said in the letter to Lt. Gen. Robert B .
The promotion , being publicized with spots on WB and cable networks , is part of an increased purchase by Verizon Wireless of commercial time on WB for the 2003-4 season .
If SCO 's legal campaign fades , the advance of Linux as a popular alternative to Microsoft as an operating system for computers used in business could accelerate as the threat of litigation recedes .
As news of the Justice Department 's impending historic assault on Microsoft spread this weekend , Robert Nolfe , 32 , headed for his local computer superstore in the Los Angeles suburb of Burbank , not far from the headquarters of the Walt Disney Company .
Authentidate plans to develop the postmark technology for other software , including Adobe Acrobat , Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint , and e-mail programs .
Even after the Netscape purchase was announced , Mr. Case and other America Online executives insisted that the company would not switch to the Netscape browser because Microsoft desktop placement was too valuable to lose .
Some government watchdog groups criticized the extent of government largesse , but state and city officials defended the new deal , saying Goldman Sachs was critical to the commercial future of Lower Manhattan .
One mutual fund in the Legg Mason family , the Legg Mason Value Trust Fund run by Bill Miller , has the distinction of outperforming the S. & P .
The deal does not include the Marriott hotel at the complex , the United States Customs House at 6 World Trade Center or 7 World Trade Center , an office building .
So the campaign is centered on what are intended to be real-world problems and the practical solutions that I.B.M .
The $ 325 million revamping charge comes after Aon , which has grown rapidly through acquisitions , wrote off $ 172 million in 1997 and $ 313 million in 1999 .
Crucial to McDonald 's plans will be improved advertising and marketing .
But with Apple 's powerful brand image , the scrutiny of options granted to Mr. Jobs , its founder and chief executive , could produce the most closely watched case yet .
He said that Hewlett would end up confusing its customers because the company has supported several other Microsoft media products that are not compatible with the iPod , including its Windows Media Center software , which Microsoft sees as the crucial digital hub in the home .
A spokesman for Boeing , Joseph Tedino , declined on Wednesday to comment in any detail on the company 's involvement with the spy satellite project , citing its classified nature .
For the three months ended March 27 , Apple reported a net profit of $ 46 million , or 12 cents a share , compared with $ 14 million , or 4 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
For the quarter ended June 30 , Procter said that it earned $ 516 million , or 36 cents a share , compared with $ 414 million , or 29 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
The dispute has also put Citigroup on the spot .
Even more critically , Ms. Castagna managed to adapt and thrive at Wal-Mart , which , with its headquarters in the small town of Bentonville , Ark. , and a dearth of woman executives , is known for its good ol ' boy atmosphere .
The substantive reorganization of Coca-Cola under Mr. Daft -- including a decentralization of the operational and marketing functions to give local managers more authority , the elimination of 6,000 jobs and the closing of the company 's retail outlets -- seemed to inspire the Edge Creative executives to rethink their plans .
The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday , about a lawsuit filed by Saatchi & Saatchi against a senior executive who was the global account director for the General Mills account , credited the agency with one campaign erroneously .
Mystery grows over Morgan Stanley Dean Witter 's payment of $ 10,000 to police informant Charles Joseph Luethke , who helped secure arrest of former employee Christian Curry ; Luethke , according to confidential document , asked Morgan Stanley for instructions how to return $ 10,000 paid to him by firm within days of employee 's arrest ; Luethke decided in weeks after last August 's sting operation against Curry that he wanted to sever his financial ties to Morgan Stanley and distance himself from cash payment ; that claim is supported in letter sent by certified mail to Luethke by John P Cooney Jr , Morgan Stanley lawyer at law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell ; relationship between Luethke and Morgan Stanley is full of innuendo , accusations and denials , but it is linchpin in huge discrimination suit filed against firm by Curry ( M )
Priceline.com said yesterday that it had ended its relationship with Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos in Boston after almost three years .
If all goes as planned , the agreement means that CNN , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , will soon be able to deliver its business news reports -- as well as business information products developed exclusively for AT & T -- directly to personal computers and other digital communications devices around the world .
''Microsoft is very well organized . ''
NBC will make significant investment in cable network Value Vision and link it with NBC network , cable channels CNBC and MSNBC , and Web site MSNBC.com ; NBC , first broadcast network to own portion of home shopping channel , is positioning itself to deliver products directly to viewers ; move speaks to NBC 's strategy to move away from old network economic model , which has always generated revenue only through advertising ; NBC cable president Thomas Rogers says NBC has entered into strategic alliance with Value Vision and GE Equity , equity arm of GE Capital , subsidiary of NBC 's parent company , General Electric , that will deliver 15 percent stake to NBC and GE Equity in exchange for $ 44 million ; NBC will try to get Value Vision placed on more cable systems ; move is likely to mean even more effort to merchandise products introduced by NBC programs ( M )
New class of wearable computers are being developed by companies like Xybernaut , IBM , and Micro Optical ; wearable computers are not likely to hit the consumer market any time soon , but are beginning to be adopted in industrial settings ; photo of Xybernaut head-mounted computer ( M )
BUSINESS travelers can take some comfort that the typical domestic business fare rose only 3 percent in the 10 months ended August , to $ 458 , according to the latest American Express Business Airfare Index .
And once again Microsoft may end up on the sidelines .
Despite the stellar first day , several analysts expressed doubts about Transmeta 's ability to compete with Intel or Advanced Micro Devices .
Procter & Gamble consists of 23 different mathematical and statistical tools that predict why an assembly line would fail and how those breakdowns can be minimized .
Schlumberger reaches agreement to acquire Sema , British-French information technology company , for 3.6 billion pounds ( $ 5.3 billion ) ( S )
Microsoft 's stock jumped more than 5 percent at one point yesterday after a Goldman , Sachs & Company analyst , Rick Sherlund , released a research memo suggesting that settlement talks with the government in the antitrust case ''may be heating up . ''
So far , Mastercard and Visa rules have prevented banks in the United States from offering American Express cards , but banks in several other countries have signed on .
Without these nonrecurring items , Apple said earnings for the quarter would have been $ 93 million , or 60 cents a diluted share .
In April , Pfizer said it would begin layoffs and plant closings to try to cut its annual costs by $ 4 billion by 2008 , though it refused to say how many employees it would let go .
I scanned the first 20 titles listed under ''film noir '' and found six films not offered by Netflix .
The union is resisting the notion of their workers ' paying more for health insurance and it wants management to agree to ways to make it easier to unionize nearly 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless , a joint venture owned 55 percent by Verizon and 45 percent by the Vodafone Group of Britain .
Nike executives , who are fond of starting meetings by playing videos of Olympic runners triumphantly crossing the finish line , say that it takes 20 years to become an insider at the famously insular sneaker company .
Foote , Cone San Francisco also handles mainstay Clorox brands like Clorox liquid bleach , Soft Scrub liquid cleanser and Tilex soap scum remover .
Merck stock plunged 27 percent yesterday on the news , reducing the company 's stock market value by $ 25 billion and helping pull the Dow Jones industrial average down by 0.6 percent for the day .
Much of Microsoft 's success over the years can be traced to its understanding of and catering to rank-and-file developers .
Barnes & Nobles Inc , faced with likely challenge from Federal antitrust officials , abandons its plans to acquire Ingram Book Group ; Barnes & Noble says it decided to scrap deal and embark on new course of expanding its distribution networks in other ways , rather than face uncertainty of months or even years of legal wrangling in such fast-changing industry ; decision is viewed as major coup for Amazon.com , leading Internet bookseller , and smaller bookstores that have waged aggressive campaign to kill transaction ; Barnes & Moble chief executive Leonard Riggio comments ( M )
The earnings report was Oracle 's first since the Justice Department and seven states filed a lawsuit on Feb. 26 to block the company 's $ 9.4 billion unsolicited takeover of PeopleSoft , based in Pleasanton , Calif .
This group of contracts will be added to seven others under investigation by the Pentagon inspector general , the Government Accountability Office and other federal agencies that are looking into Ms. Druyun 's relationship with Boeing and its influence on her decision-making at the Pentagon .
''With this acquisition , Xerox can finally compete for the high-end billing market , '' said Barbara Pellow , a director at CAP Ventures , a research firm in Norwell , Mass .
Gibboney Huske , an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston , is sticking with her buy recommendation on Xerox stock .
Investors took quickly to the pitch , sending Apple 's stock price up to a record close , while shares of established cellphone makers slumped .
His contract cast a spotlight on the Morgan Stanley board , which remains under fire for its close ties to Mr. Purcell even weeks after his departure as chairman and chief executive .
It held that Mr. Kasky was entitled to take Nike to trial , where he could prevail if he showed that any of the company 's communications had been misleading , either in what they asserted or in what they left out .
`` The product clearly has appeal to those customers who are heavy users of our services when they 're traveling , '' said Bill Fallon , marketing director for AT & T PersonaLink .
But Mr. Lowery of Campbell contended that Mr. O'Neill had signed an agreement precluding being hired by ''any conflicting organization '' for a period of 18 months after leaving Campbell .
Microsoft Corp on July 15 will introduce test version of its Internet software that is more closely linked to company 's Windows 95 operating system ( M )
AT & T 's corporate reorganization , which involved spinning off its broadband , or cable , operations and establishing a separate tracking stock for its consumer long-distance business , has been delayed since Comcast offered to buy the broadband business .
A.T. & T. 's contract expired May 30 , but the unions agreed to continue to work under the terms of the contract .
An article in Business Day yesterday about Wal-Mart 's plan to acquire Franklin Bank of California misstated Franklin 's assets .
The revenue figure was down 4 percent from the quarter a year ago , but the 2004 quarter included three months of sales from I.B.M .
The growing importance of digital media is fracturing the monolithic world long dominated by Microsoft 's software and spurring the creation of an array of alternatives .
That pace was even slower than in 2002 , when Microsoft introduced its earlier Xbox model in Japan , where it was considered a flop .
Disney and Mr. Eisner chose not to crow about the end of Comcast 's unwelcome hunt , saying nothing at all .
Apple 's stock rose by more than 9 percent today , or $ 1.5625 , to $ 17.875 .
But with the return of Steven P. Jobs to active management of Apple , and because of his antipathy to long-term licensing of the Macintosh , the agreement could not be carried through , they said .
Kodak Consolidates Global Media Buying
Apple devotes a section of its site to assistive technology for the Mac at www.apple.com/accessibility .
Apple Stock Battered by Forecast of Loss
Comcast , based in Philadelphia , might be particularly interested in properties in the Northeast that AT & T acquired last year in taking over MediaOne .
April Oliver , former CNN producer named as co-defendant with Time Warner , CNN 's corporate parent , in Maj Gen John Singlaub 's defamation suit over discredited Tailwind broadcast , has hired owned lawyer ; her claim of truthfulness is at odds with Time Warner 's repudiation of her work ; she has not been named as individual defendant in other suits over CNN 's report that Special Forces used nerve gas in mission targeting deserters ; photo ( M )
Indeed , the lingering question about the transformation at I.B.M .
In a statement , Alain J. P. Belda , Citigroup 's lead director and the head of Alcoa , said that the elevation of Mr .
''Google has a partnership with Amazon for both search and for Web search , '' Ms. Wojcicki said .
Chess grandmaster Garry Kasparov , who lost match to IBM computer in 1997 , is set to begin six-game , $ 1 million match against Israeli program , Deep Junior , world computer chess champion ; different ways in which humans and machines approach chess discussed ; top human players are able to decide who stands better in given position , ability that is hard to build into machine ; diagrams ; photos ( M )
However , he would not say when , or whether , Pfizer plans to seek approval .
It was unclear , however , which operations are about to be abandoned , although Citigroup certainly does not enjoy the advantage of size in businesses like mortgage lending and student loans .
Pfizer Extends Florida Program for Poor
Perry Weitz , a New York plaintiffs ' lawyer , said the agreements with the two companies were not yet in final form , although the Halliburton deal was further along .
The deal positions Red Hat , which also supplies Linux to Hewlett-Packard , as the leading commercial distributor of the operating system , although I.B.M .
Motorola attacked the settlement proposal , arguing that the plan tried to circumvent bankruptcy court procedures and that some of the potential lawsuits against Motorola improperly make claims on behalf of individual creditors rather than on behalf of Iridium .
News Corp. May Walk Away From Italian Pay TV Deal
In disparaging Mr. Humeston , Ms. Sullivan was trying to divert the jury from Merck 's misconduct , Mr. Seeger said .
Cleansing tools and instructions are available at http : //www.microsoft .com/security/incident/blast.asp , as well as at numerous Internet security and antivirus Web sites .
Bayer AG agrees to sell United States government 100 million tablets of anthrax drug Cipro by end of year for 95 cents each and donate another 2 million tablets beginning next week ; government gets option to buy more of drug at lower prices ; Health Sec Tommy G Thompson , stressing deep discount and large shipments planned , holds there is no need to hoard Cipro or other antibiotics ; Johnson & Johnson says it will ask Food and Drug Administration to approve use of antibiotic Levaquin to treat anthrax ; offers to donate 100 million tablets to government ; Bayer says it wants FDA to approve its drug Avelox to treat anthrax ; Bristol-Myers Squibb says it has already asked FDA to approve Tequin ; Sen Charles E Schumer , who led criticisms of price and availability of Cipro , hails deal ; scores Bayer for continuing to charge pharmacies $ 4.67 a tablet ( M )
The changes , however , might not be sufficiently big -- and fast -- enough to pacify a growing chorus clamoring for what had been the unthinkable : the replacement of senior management or the breakup of parts of the empire built by Interpublic over four decades .
United Nations Development Program and Cisco Systems Inc have enlisted dozen popular entertainers to kick off Internet-based initiative to help world 's poor ; project , called Netaid , appears to represent most extensive partnership UN has formed with private enterprise in trying to relieve poverty in developing world ; Netaid 's public debut is scheduled for Oct 9 , when group will stage overlapping concerts in East Rutherford , NJ , London and Geneva ( M )
It has become a tale of political expedience , uniting a group of longtime Clinton advisers and Democratic politicians with the money of a political rival , Rupert Murdoch , and his News Corporation .
The Oracle Corporation , the software company , reported on Wednesday fourth-quarter profits that were slightly higher than expected , even as it completed its integration with PeopleSoft , the rival software company it acquired in December .
After rapidly building its brand in Japan over the last five years , Starbucks now needs to adjust its approach .
As a wired Silicon Valley company , of course , Cisco can move its business-to-business dealings onto the Internet sooner than many others .
Those subscribers , combined with the 15.5 million subscribers to DirecTV , the satellite service controlled by the News Corporation , give the channel a substantial platform of as many as 27.5 million subscribers .
I.B.M .
Fischer has been steadily reducing its Kodak holdings and calls the stock ''a great candidate for tax-loss selling . ''
Linus Torvalds , creator of free operating system Linux , announces that software developers making contributions to operating system will have to sign their work and vouch for its origin ; pledge is in reponse to concerns among corporate users of Linux that procedures for adding new code to evolving operating system have been too informal and lacking in documentation ; analysts say trading origin of code is vital to avoiding legal challenges that Linux contains pilfered software ; SCO Group sued IBM in March 2003 , claiming that IBM illegally contributed Unix code to Linux and seeking $ 1 billion in damages ( M )
's refusal to stop competing with Microsoft .
Verizon Information Services in Dallas , a division of Verizon Communications , said yesterday that it had selected Kirshenbaum Bond & Partners in New York , part of the Kirshenbaum Bond Creative Network , to handle the account for the SuperPages yellow pages directory and an online directory , SuperPages .com .
To obtain prime placement on the Microsoft desktop , Mr. Harris said , Intuit had to agree to bundle Microsoft 's browser with Intuit 's on-line personal finance software and not bundle Netscape 's browser .
employs about 322,000 people worldwide today , after 10,000 I.B.M .
Apple Attacks RealNetworks Plan to Sell Songs for iPod
The Carnival Corporation is preparing to raise its hostile bid for P & O Princess Cruises , people close to the companies said yesterday .
Japan 's largest Internet portal , the Yahoo Japan Corporation , said that its profit more than doubled last quarter , helped by strong sales of broadband Internet connections and online auctions .
In late 1997 , Halliburton and Dresser , crosstown rivals in Dallas that had circled each other for years , began exploring the possibility of a merger .
Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications , two of the country 's biggest cellphone operators , said yesterday that they planned to drop their lawsuits against each other .
Several Wal-Mart executives have moved into houses in the Pinnacle development , said Jay W. Allen , a company spokesman , adding that Wal-Mart is committed , as always , to investing its profits back into its stores .
Of its 14 top officers in 2002 , only half remain at Fifth Third and the bank has gone through two chief financial officers in two years .
Like many Silicon Valley executives , Mike Homer , an investor in start-ups who was formerly an executive vice president at Netscape Communications , the Internet pioneer whose upstart challenge to Microsoft was the focus of the antitrust case , said that much would depend on precisely how the government plan was carried out and enforced .
In the Dominican Republic , Amrica Mvil said it would spend $ 2.06 billion for 100 percent of Verizon Dominicana , which provides landline , wireless and Internet service .
He also said last week that his initial focus at Boeing would be to sharpen operations and execute plans already in place rather than serve as a grand visionary .
Analysts and investors said yesterday that their big concern was that Citigroup 's consumer business would slow before the corporate business recovered .
Microsoft says new hardware and software will help fix these problems .
KPMG , which Xerox fired as its auditor in 2001 , has consistently said that it did nothing wrong in approving Xerox 's accounting .
AT & T had been expected to choose Telefonos de Mexico , the privately run national telephone company known as Telmex .
But analysts say that the America Online-Time Warner deal could change the atmosphere and embolden Microsoft to make such moves .
That summer , Delta Airlines agreed to sell its tickets on Priceline 's Web site in return for , among other goodies , rights to buy millions of shares for nearly nothing .
Concerns about the market share arrangements were among the problems that led Merck to cancel an initial offering of Medco that was announced in January 2002 .
New license sales of Oracle 's database software increased 9 percent , to $ 867 million .
Goldman Sachs Buys Zilkha , Expanding Interest in Wind Power
The boards of Hynix and Micron still must act on the terms of the memorandum before going into a final round of negotiations similar to the talks that G.M .
However un-Hollywood the approach , it seems to be working for Fox , a unit of the News Corporation .
An analyst for Credit Suisse First Boston has said the ban is costing Coca-Cola Enterprises some $ 3.4 million in revenues a day .
Mr. Mack 's contract at Morgan Stanley runs through 2010 ; the minimum compensation guarantee is valid only until 2006 .
What is plain from the district court 's June 8 , 2000 opinion is that the most draconian aspect of this decree , the breakup of Microsoft into two companies , was motivated by an illegitimate desire to punish Microsoft .
Equal Work , Less-Equal Perks ; Microsoft Leads the Way in Filling Jobs With 'Permatemps '
The error message is referring to a specific Dynamic Link Library file used by programs created with the Visual C++ programming language and some of Microsoft 's .NET software .
Apple Computer Hiring Compaq Executive
Cisco Systems reports 49 percent gain in sales for its first quarter 2000 ended Oct 30 ; says earnings were $ 438 million , down 14 percent from $ 512 million in year-earlier period ; sales rose to $ 3.88 billion from $ 2.60 billion ; excluding one-time charge of $ 381 million , profit rose 49 percent , to $ 837 million compared with $ 561 million a year ago ; Cisco agrees to acquire Aironet Wireless Communications in stock swap worth about $ 799 million ( M )
Over all , the fastest Pentium 4 now reaches a clock speed of 2.2 gigahertz , while internal portions of that chip achieve 4.4 gigahertz -- portions corresponding to the experimental module that Intel engineers say has reached a speed of 10 gigahertz .
Interpublic Drops Suit Filed Against Omnicom
Amazon 's stock , which fell $ 5.31 to $ 75.93 in trading yesterday on the Nasdaq , fell even further in after-hours trading , to $ 72.75 .
She went shopping yesterday at the Verizon store on Fifth Avenue and 20th Street in Manhattan for a cellphone for her 11-year-old son , Perry Leon .
''The antitrust laws do not dictate a level playing field , '' said Charles F. Rule , a former director of the Justice Department 's antitrust division and a consultant to Microsoft .
Nike praised the dissenting opinion of Justice Ming W. Chin , who wrote , ''While Nike 's critics have taken full advantage of their right to 'uninhibited , robust , and wide open ' debate , the same can not be said of Nike . ''
Because the Nike Women 's Marathon doubles as a benefit for the Lymphoma & Leukemia Society , women may view the long training hours spent away from work and family obligations as more worthwhile and less selfish than they otherwise would , Ms. Winslow said .
Interval Research Corp , secretive computer organization created four years ago by Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul Allen , plans to announce three spinoffs ; start-up companies would be first attempts at market payoff from Allen 's $ 100 million investment in Interval ; spinoffs , all of which will be based in Palo Alto , Calif , are Carnelian Inc , an Internet publisher , Ogopogo Studios , designer of role-playing software games for children , and Purple Moon , creator of interactive media programs aimed at girls aged 7 to 12 ( L )
Over 5,000 software and hardware products are ready to run on Vista , and Microsoft has more than 500,000 industry partners worldwide , including resellers , retailers and consultants as well as hardware and software companies .
In it , William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , summarized for Brad Chase , another senior executive , a conversation with Intuit 's chairman at the time , Scott Cook .
The Symantec Corporation said it earned $ 51.4 million in its fiscal third quarter on net sales of $ 219.3 million .
Microsoft is expected to win an immediate temporary stay of European regulators ' order that the company sell a version of its Windows operating system without Media Player software included , lawyers based in Brussels said Monday .
In the meantime , OneCare offers very good value , convenient automation and clean design -- as long as you can accept the fact that you 're buying Microsoft software to protect Microsoft software .
The subsidiary , Griffin Bacal , is being reduced in size after losing its large Hasbro toy and game creative account .
U.S. AND 20 STATES FILE SUITS CLAIMING MICROSOFT BLOCKS COMPETITION OVER INTERNET
Members of the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers are striking against Verizon Communications , the company which was formed by the recent merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE Communications .
BANK OF AMERICA AND FLEETBOSTON AGREE TO MERGER
Despite fresh signs that the plaintiffs have not yet agreed on what sanction to seek against Microsoft , they jointly issued a stinging and disdainful rebuttal yesterday to the company 's legal arguments last week that it had not violated the nation 's antitrust laws .
''People need to understand the cost of health care , '' Thomas M. Ryan , the chairman , president and chief executive of CVS , said in a telephone interview .
In January 2002 , it sold its desktop PC manufacturing operations in the Untied States and Europe to Sanmina-SCI , based in San Jose , Calif. I.B.M .
''We 've worked together since 1992 and share a common vision for General Motors . ''
Phone calls were not answered at the press office of the police division known as Department K , which had previously notified Motorola that the 50,000 phones had been destroyed .
Richard Chu , an analyst with SG Cowen , said the settlement with Intel suggested that Hewlett-Packard and Gateway would end up paying Intergraph as well , either through a settlement or a trial .
In fact , on July 7 , the day before the Comcast Corporation formally made its unsolicited $ 44.5 billion bid to acquire the unit , C. Michael Armstrong , AT & T 's chairman , was in Atlanta discussing a potential deal with Cox Communications , the nation 's No .
Hewlett-Packard said Thursday that it would begin selling a version of Apple Computer 's iPod digital music player and bundling Apple 's iTunes online music store with its personal computers in a new partnership that points to a major realignment of forces within the computer industry .
Mr. Scott said Wal-Mart 's adversaries were being unrealistic in pressing the company to spend more on wages and benefits .
The two new products will be sold by I.B.M .
When a clinical trial in 2004 showed that Vioxx was riskier than a placebo , or sugar pill , Merck acted prudently and withdrew the drug from the market , Mr. Kiernan said .
Sales of Singulair , Merck 's asthma and allergy medicine , soared 30 percent , to $ 950 million , worldwide for the quarter , as much of the United States suffered a worse-than-normal allergy season .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , introduced its newest product here at the start of a gathering of companies that design hardware and software based on Intel products .
But as in the settlement with the doctors , both the dentists and Aetna said the main significance of the settlement was not the immediate cash payment .
Internet companies , pressed for profits , are increasingly selling access to their users ' postal mail addresses and phone numbers and flooding them with junk e-mail ; changes in privacy policy by Internet portals Yahoo and Excite cited ; many marketing experts question whether risks to companies reputations may outweigh revenue gains ; photos ( M )
Facing the threat of another crippling strike , the United Parcel Service announced yesterday that it had reached a tentative six-year pact that will give 210,000 Teamsters a 25 percent increase in wages and benefits .
Two I.B.M .
By 1994 , Motorola raised $ 1.6 billion , the largest private placement in history , and created a company called Iridium .
Aetna reports how many of the doctors ' patients filled their drug prescriptions and how many of their asthma patients suffered attacks severe enough to send them to a hospital emergency room .
Ford Motor Co announces preliminary agreement with Russian Government to begin construction in July of automobile factory in St Petersburg ; although Ford 's financial contribution is only $ 150 million , plant will be among largest foreign investment projects in Russia since financial crisis that began last summer ; final agreement on plant is expected in next few weeks ; Ford 's president Jacques A Nasser and Prime Min Sergei V Stepashin comment ( M )
There were also changes that would affect natural gas marketing in Europe including divestiture of Mobil 's Dutch gas trading company Megas and Exxon 's 25 percent interest in Thyssengas , a gas distribution company in western Germany .
With hundreds of millions more Windows PC 's than Macs in the world , you may wonder why Apple Computer does not offer a version of its iPod portable MP3 player that is compatible with the majority .
Microsoft 's rates were 6.56 for the 30-year , 6.24 for the 15-year and 5.48 for the variable mortgage .
I.B.M .
distributes the pay-television and advertiser-supported services of Time Warner Inc. and Viacom Inc. , including some of the most popular channels on cable and satellite television : Home Box Office , the Movie Channel , Showtime , MTV , Nickelodeon and VH-1 .
Verizon declined to comment on AES 's allegation .
The look of Seagate drives , created by Frog Design , is supposed to help remind people of the emotional ties they have to what is stored on the magnetic platters .
Coca-Cola Co says its second-quarter earnings slightly beat analysts ' expectations ; net income fell to $ 926 milion from $ 942 million a year ago ; revenue rose 5 percent , to $ 5.62 billion from $ 5.33 billion ( M )
Verizon and SBC have been through multiple versions of such arrangements since 1996 , but little has ever come of them .
Former Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin will be paid more than $ 15 million -- not including options for 1.5 million shares of stock -- this year in his position as one of the top three leaders of Citigroup , according to a new filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Greg Wrenn , associate general counsel for Yahoo 's international division , added , however , that the monitoring program might have some bearing on Yahoo 's case with the French court .
In a statement last night , CBS said it continued to disagree that the incident was ''legally indecent . ''
Fee revenue , mainly from Yahoo 's mail , dating and Internet access services , was $ 88 million , up 39 percent .
Wal-Mart forecasted earnings of 70 to 74 cents a share .
Celebrities from various entertainment arenas and their agents are visiting Silicon Valley hoping to cash in on the dot-com boom , but with a twist ; days of simply seeking salary for product endorsement are passe , with celebrities now wanting piece of the ownership ; Web companies that need instant branding but have little cash on hand can offer lure of stock options and potential market riches ; one example of this blend is success of William Shatner , former Star Trek icon , who received 125,000 stock options -- worth millions today -- to promote Priceline.com ; even Hollywood agents , such as Creative Artists Agency , are getting into the act ; some Silicon Valley entrepreneurs comment on potential pitfalls in involving celebrities in actually building Web business ; photos ( L )
''It 's natural to use E. T. as a teacher , a champion , for driving-safety issues , '' said Bob McMillan , marketing director at the Progressive Corporation in Cleveland , the nation 's fifth largest auto insurer .
Many board members wanted to choose a rival bid by the Mellon Bank Corporation .
''For all its sophistry in discussing the case law , the government fails to identify a single precedent for its radical breakup proposal , '' Microsoft wrote .
Oracle laid off nearly half of PeopleSoft 's 11,000 employees soon after that deal took effect .
Microsoft 's last-minute gesture toward Justice Department speaks volumes about the company ; Microsoft may have take-no-prisoners corporate culture and antagonism toward Washington , but company is ultimately guided by pure logic of business ; Microsoft 's strategy of fiercely resisting accommodation with Government and then finally coming to negotiating table is precisely approach it took when it reached earlier settlement with Justice Dept , in 1994 ; Microsoft is apparently willing to agree to some restrictions if that will persuade Government not to intervene further ; fact that both sides are now seeking to reach settlement without going to court does not mean accord will in fact be reached ( M )
But far more cautious statements by FedEx 's rivals and an abundance of indications that the economy has been slowing provided some warning that the company 's goals were unrealistic , some analysts said .
Boeing executives , not surprisingly , have a different view of the plane .
I.B.M .
The International Business Machines Corporation , 1,724 .
Robert A. Iger , the Walt Disney president , said that with Disney permitting transmission of the station 's signals through May 24 , Time Warner was bound to carry them .
Interpublic ''has been interested in our company on and off '' for more than 15 years , Mr. Connors said in a telephone interview .
Intel 's managers declined to comment on the prospects for a broader recovery , but Mr. Kumar , the analyst , expressed his doubts .
-- you can buy the song from Microsoft 's store .
''We have a brighter future with Whole Foods than with the foie gras business , '' said Jim Galle , vice president of Grimaud Farms .
''We view this as being a very big opportunity for both companies , '' Don Fitzpatrick , the I.B.M .
Micron Technologies stock closed at $ 28.56 , up $ 1.40 .
Charlene Li , an analyst with the Internet marketing firm Forrester Research , said she did not think Yahoo would sacrifice much revenue by forgoing ads linked to e-mail content , because she thought companies would find e-mail services less effective than search pages for advertising .
The Cigna Corporation announced yesterday a $ 750 million charge against third-quarter earnings to increase the reserves it holds to pay insurance claims arising from environmental cleanups and asbestos .
Commercials different from those on CBS will be inserted into the streamed games .
He added that the company had sold 50,000 of the machines in 2,400 Wal-Marts and Sam 's Clubs all over the country , and had received ''three dozen reports over three years '' altogether .
Netflix , which has built profitable , fast-growing business renting DVD 's by mail through innovative online service , faces bruising challenge from Wal-Mart Stores , which has recently started competing rental business with nearly same offerings ; co-founder and chief executive Reed Hastings comments on Netflix 's competitive edge ; graphs of subscribers and movie rentals ; photos ( M )
Eastman Kodak Co , looking for ways to arrest downward spiral of its profits , says it will cut more than 200 senior and middle management positions , or about 20 percent of its worldwide management work force ; also says it will trim at least 10 percent of its general and administrative staff ; Kodak is steadily losing market share in its mainstay conventional film and paper business to Fuji Photo Film , which has been undercutting Kodak 's prices ; one securities analyst says he has heard reports that Kodak is poised to cut film prices by as much as 20 percent in some consumer lines ( L )
So I requested his phone number from eBay , called him and assured him that I would pay up .
Citigroup and J P Morgan Chase officials tell Senate committee hearing that they did not improperly help Enron Corp disguise portions of enormous debt that contributed to company 's collapse ; Senate panel produces evidence that lawmakers say seriously undermines officials ' contentions ; paints picture of how both banks set up supposedly independent entities that in reality were largely controlled by banks and which allowed Enron to borrow billions of dollars that it did not disclose as debt to investors ; at issue are more than $ 8 billion in so-called prepay deals banks did with Enron , in which company received money upfront in exchange for agreeing to deliver commodities at later date ; deals involved supposedly independent third parties that money flowed through ; Mahonia was used in deals with J P Morgan Chase , while entity called Delta Energy was used in Citigroup deals ; lawmakers say Mahonia and Delta were controlled by banks , and Enron should have been forced to count money received as debt ; that would have probably resulted in credit downgrades and more skepticism from investors ; documents suggest that two banks knew deals allowed Enron to burnish its financial picture ; Sen Carl Levin says two banks 'were biggest participants in Enron 's phony prepay transactions ' ; banks say dealings were commonplace and conformed with proper accounting ; both banks deny they controlled Mahonia or Delta ; Levin suggests that transaction with Enron called Roosevelt provided evidence of Citigroup 's role in cloaking Enron 's true financial picture ; at issue is five-month extension of $ 125 million owed by Enron ; bank documents say Enron agreed to repay by Sept 30 , 1999 ; amount was not listed as debt on Enron 's financial statement ; Citigroup executives testifying before committee include James Reilly and Richard Caplan ; representing Morgan are Donald H McCree , Robert W Traband and Jeffrey W Dellapina ; photo ( M )
Mr. Chenault gave the entire class American Express cards -- each child got a card imprinted with his own name in raised black letters , just like JERRY SEINFELD or KARL MALDEN ( one left home without his card in a commercial , the other warned of the consequences ) .
will merge the aerospace division with the Raytheon Company , with G.M .
After falling behind Google in Internet search and advertising , Yahoo is trying to remain No .
But today 's annual meeting of shareholders of AMR , the parent of American Airlines , may be an exception .
For now , the site is not including women 's razors and shaving creams , products that entered Procter 's portfolio when it purchased Gillette last year .
William H. Gates , the chairman , went even further in defending Microsoft 's conduct , which Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson ruled earlier this month was ''predatory '' and illegal .
Interpublic said last week that the Chicago office of Bozell would be merged into Campbell Mithun , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic .
About 80 percent of the equipment is sold to small businesses that are new to I.B.M .
Wal-Mart argued in its lawsuit that Mr. Coughlin 's conduct invalidated his retirement agreement , which precludes Wal-Mart and Mr. Coughlin from suits over matters ''known or unknown '' during his employment .
Cigna is hardly the only company that does not yet know how high its toxic-waste costs will eventually run .
Internet experts debate how big World Wide Web is after Yahoo announces that its search engine index -- accounting of number of documents that can be located from its databases -- has reach 19.2 billion , more than twice the number of documents currently reported by Google ; Sergey Brin , Google 's co-founder , suggests that Yahoo 's index is inflated with duplicate entries in such a way as to cut its effectiveness despite its large size ( M )
Just this week , Mr. Morgenthau 's office announced the indictment of five people accused of using inside information from Morgan Stanley -- and before that , Smith Barney -- that Ms. Baridis was said to have passed along .
Juniper Networks says earnings declined 42 percent in second quarter from year ago ; revenue was $ 117 million , compared with $ 202.2 million year earlier ; says it will eliminate jobs of about 10 percent of its employees , about 180 people , as result of its July acquisition of Unisphere Networks ( S )
The campaign , to begin in October , will include more free hours for signing up , promotional deals with Radio Shack and Best Buy , broadband service and special software designed to make it easier to use Microsoft sites like MoneyCentral , Encarta and HomeAdvisor .
Priceline.com 's affiliate that lets consumers bid for groceries and gasoline online is abandoned because it can not raise enough money to stay in business ; group of investors stand to lose most of $ 360 million they put into venture , Priceline WebHouse Club , which is privately held ; WebHouse founder Jay S Walker concedes he will lose most or all of $ 179 million he invested in WebHouse ; Walker 's shares of Priceline are valued at $ 220 million compared with $ 8 billion in April 1999 ; Walker says he harbors no ill will toward investors who refused to continue pumping money into his WebHouse venture ; graph ; photo ( M )
Apple to Get Emmy Award For Device
In the fourth quarter , the International Business Machines Corporation earned $ 2.1 billion , up 3.4 percent from $ 2 billion a year earlier .
Court Approves Class-Action Suit Against Wal-Mart
His entire career has been spent at Microsoft .
Supreme Court lets stand lower court ruling that Texaco Inc does not owe about $ 1 billion in Federal taxes ; Texaco expects to get refund of $ 700 million from Internal Revenue Service this year and says its first-quarter earnings would benefit by $ 488 million as a result of Court 's decision ; high court 's position could also benefit Exxon Corp , which has been involved in similar dispute with IRS and has similar case pending in lower court ; tax dispute goes back to events that occurred from 1979 to 1981 , when Saudi Arabia broke from OPEC and Texaco and Exxon , part of Aramco , consortium of American oil companies that marketed cheaper Saudi crude , made a commercial windfall when prices soared during Iran-Iraq war ; IRS maintained that Texaco could shift about $ 1.8 billion of income from foreign subsidiaries to parent company and be subject to US taxation ( L )
Paul Johnson , an analyst with Robertson , Stephens & Company , estimates that Cisco claims 44 percent of the networking industry 's profits , compared with 15 percent or less for each of its three main competitors : Bay Networks Inc. , the 3Com Corporation and Cabletron Systems Inc .
The MCI Communications Corporation , AT & T 's archrival in the long-distance business , has teamed with Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation on the still-vague idea of pumping movies and news over a global network .
Microsoft suggests , in fact , that the greatest source of content for its devices is television .
said Mr. Syverson , who calculates he will have to work 10 additional years to make up what I.B.M .
The arrest last month of Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky , Russia 's wealthiest citizen and a billionaire oilman , was barely mentioned all weekend on news programs .
The device 's manufacturer , Medtronic , has been developing wireless data-gathering technology for implanted therapeutic devices like defibrillators and insulin pumps .
He also created the weekly investigative and news documentary program ''CBS Reports . ''
I.B.M .
As for the News Corporation ( which owns Fox ) , Viacom ( which owns CBS ) and Disney ( which owns ABC ) , they may look to expand their own broadcast groups if attractive stations become available .
Dressed in a hunter green suit with a brown striped tie , sitting at a plain conference table at Microsoft 's headquarters next to his lawyer , Mr. Gates seldom smiled but never raised his voice .
Apple , Napster , Musicmatch , MusicNow , BuyMusic , RealNetworks , Dell , Microsoft and even Wal-Mart have either seats or reservations .
A committee led by Timothy Bresnahan , a Stanford University economist , is preparing recommendations for the Justice Department , and a professor familiar with the panel 's work said that it was likely to call for changes that would restructure Microsoft or its products in some way .
John J. Dooner Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of Interpublic since January 2001 , is being succeeded by David Bell , 59 , the vice chairman who had served as the chairman and chief executive of True North Communications , a competitor that Interpublic acquired in June 2001 .
In response , Douglas N. Daft , Coke 's chairman and chief executive , agreed to consult with the task force on future appointees .
The turnout is a record , Microsoft says .
Right now , with just a few dozen calls a day , Verizon is n't worried that fervid interest in e-mail listings will fatten its phone books .
Today , Vornado owns 33.1 percent of Alexander 's , and Mr. Roth and his partners in a private company , Interstate Properties , have an additional 27.4 percent stake in the former department store chain , which is structured as a separate REIT that leases and develops strip shopping centers in the New York area .
Still , the specter of a combined Exxon-Mobil juggernaut on the Potomac scares some .
There have been dominant companies in important industries before , but exact parallels to Microsoft are hard to find .
Merck withdrew Vioxx in September 2004 , after a clinical trial showed that it caused heart attacks and strokes .
Many appear to be motivated by a desire to send a message to Oracle , adopting the adage that the ''enemy of my enemy is my friend . ''
As dissatisfaction has risen , the big Internet service providers , like AOL , and purveyors of free e-mail accounts , including Yahoo and Microsoft 's Hotmail , have all greatly accelerated efforts to identify and block spam .
To hear executives at Web sites like Yahoo tell it , big traditional advertisers have not filled the ad void left by failed and struggling dot-coms .
The move comes a month after Wal-Mart , based in Bentonville , Ark. , announced its intention to make Seiyu a subsidiary by increasing its ownership stake to just more than 50 percent .
Microsoft argued this evening that the suit filed by the states would not be eligible for expedited appeal because the states have no similar law .
The problem for Microsoft is that making the Web programmable is precisely why Java , the Internet programming language created by Sun Microsystems , was developed in 1995 .
Under it , employees must first call a toll-free number at Wal-Mart 's headquarters in Arkansas before being transferred to the employee 's store to tell managers about the absence .
The real power at Microsoft resides with its longtime leaders -- Bill Gates , the co-founder and chairman , and Steven A. Ballmer , the chief executive .
The New Kodak Moment : Is It Warm or Is It Cool ?
Playback on a TV ( for example , when connected to the computer or the iPod 's optional video dock ) is exactly what Apple says it is : near , but not quite , DVD quality .
The delay ''will permit a fuller audit review than previously contemplated and a sign-off on the company 's 2000 financial statements , '' Xerox said .
Intel has linked with Icici Bank , one of India 's largest lenders , to help consumers finance their computers .
In a separate development today , for example , the Umax Computer Corporation , a Macintosh clone maker based in Fremont , Calif. , and owned by Umax Data Systems of Taiwan , said that it had struck a deal with Apple to license the Macintosh OS8 operating system software .
The court rejected Intel 's argument that the messages represented illegal trespassing to its computer systems .
earns more profit from an Apple Powerbook -- equipped with a disk , display screen and Power PC chip from I.B.M .
In the meantime , Yahoo hopes to increase revenue from its premium services by making a more direct connection to millions of Verizon customers .
Despite a large roster of existing wealthy clients , Bank of America 's private bank is widely perceived as embodying many of the qualities of the larger institution , which emphasizes size and a standardized approach to customers -- a characterization the company strongly disputes .
Todd S. Thomson , chief financial officer of Citigroup , said in an interview that he was ''mystified '' at the stock market 's focus on interest rate fears .
MediaTalk ; Now Showing at Apple : The Return of Mr. Jobs
Exxon 's handling of the 1989 grounding of its Exxon Valdez tanker off Alaska has come to be known as one of the industry 's worst environmental and public relations disasters .
But Mr. Todd said this attack was made both against Microsoft Web sites and the infrastructure that supports them .
Analysts say some of the problems Procter faces will ensnare its rivals sooner or later .
Microsoft has also taken stakes in leading cable companies in Britain and Portugal , while the longtime American television businessman Harry Evans Sloan has invested in SBS .
I.B.M .
But the biggest cellular companies -- AT & T and an alliance between Air Touch Communications , the Nynex Corporation , Bell Atlantic and U S West -- have a foot in both worlds : They are entrenched providers in their cellular markets and aspiring entrants through the P.C.S .
Exxon Mobil , the Royal Dutch/Shell Group and BP P.L.C .
General Mills has long been considered the bigger and better run company here in Minneapolis , and some Pillsbury staff members are wondering what that will mean for them .
Boeing 's new midsize plane , the 787 , is selling briskly , while Airbus has been dogged by production problems with the A380 and questions about how it will finance its next new planes , particularly the A350 , which is intended to go head-to-head with the 787 .
Mr. Mead , the chairman of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Corporation , the institute 's board of trustees , was one of two Pfizer directors who received substantial opposition from shareholders , according to the company 's preliminary statistics .
Under the new small-business program , I.B.M .
But the bottom line is that Credit Suisse First Boston is struggling today and Morgan Stanley is , in part , a problem created by a merger that was poorly executed by him and his predecessor .
Excel , Microsoft 's spreadsheet program , can also be used to create tables and charts listing your inventory .
THE Interpublic Group of Companies is stepping up talks on plans to combine two of its four largest worldwide agencies .
Sony 's music , film and electronics divisions are jointly developing an online delivery system for songs that will rival Apple Computer 's service , iTunes Music Store .
Microsoft executives said yesterday that the suits were ''without merit . ''
Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , said that a settlement offer the company proposed last week would have been better for consumers and for the software industry .
Weeks and his wife , Kim Frock , provided much of the start-up financing for a private middle school in Corning ; their daughter just graduated from the school , their son is starting .
Correction of Oct 23 report on sale of Vertex Aerospace by Veritas Capital ; buyer is L-3 Communications , not Level 3 Communications
Mazda Motor Corp , Japanese car maker controlled by Ford Motor Co , reports its first annual profit in six years and its best results in 14 years ; company earned 38.7 billion yen , or about $ 321 million , compared with loss of 6.8 billion yen a year earlier ; sales rose less than 1 percent , to 2.06 trillion yen , or $ 17.1 billion ; Mazda president James E Miller comments ( M )
Wal-Mart had the lowest prices on 92 percent of the toys surveyed , compared with a 77 percent reading in the survey last year , a Prudential analyst , Mark Rowen , said in the report .
The power of so-called brand marketing is proving itself in the network equipment market , where Cisco Systems appears to benefit from enormous brand recognition .
Several Verizon assignments are unaffected by the creative consolidation .
After all , what are all those day traders going to think the next time she opens her show with a look at Citigroup ?
Moore 's Law is the observation made in 1965 by the Intel co-founder Gordon Moore that the number of transistors on a chip -- and so , approximately , the chip 's computing power -- would continue to double roughly every 18 months .
IBM Corp begins selling technology that allows blind users to hear the World Wide Web ; software , Home Page Reader , which costs $ 149 , uses a speech synthesizer not just to read the text on a given Web page but also to describe graphics and advertisements ( S )
The key allegations , Government lawyers note , have not changed since May -- namely , that Microsoft illegally used its market power in operating systems to defend its monopoly position and to try to extend into new markets .
But he and other analysts said the cost to Yahoo in lost advertising and e-commerce revenue would be slight , perhaps in the range of $ 500,000 .
And yet , in keeping with the company 's former tradition of jobs for a lifetime , AT & T is taking pains to usher people out with the gentlest , albeit firmest , of shoves .
The Coca-Cola Company has signed a multiyear agreement to become the exclusive soft-drink sponsor for the annual Grammy Awards ceremonies , covering advertising , marketing and promotional activities .
If you are a Mac user and have Apple 's newest operating system , Mac OS X 10.3 , you have a built-in encryption possibility .
And his involvement in the Microsoft assignment suggests that Mr. Greenhill does not want to lose his edge in the new economy .
And then there is the lawsuit filed Wednesday against Pfizer over Lipitor .
As Satellite Orders Slump , Chapter 11 Filing by Loral And a Charge for Boeing
''I would assume there is a ripple effect of Marks Brothers and Nordstrom 's announcement , '' said Karen Sack , an analyst with Standard & Poor 's Rating Services .
''Bricks and mortar , clicks and mortar , just clicks -- online photo activity is so embryonic that we want to be a part of all of it , '' said Robert J. Keegan , president of Kodak 's consumer imaging unit .
This is music to the ears of Kodak , which is vigorously pursuing the black consumer market while it tries to win back the favor of whites , some of whom resent it for leaving in the first place .
The appeals court also ordered Judge Jed S. Rakoff to reconsider numerous decisions he had made that favored Motorola and Nokia , and to decide whether he should continue to hear related claims now that the racketeering charges must be dropped .
The only time Exxon 's quarterly profit was higher was the fourth quarter of last year .
Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica SA wins orders for passenger jets potentially worth as much as $ 6.2 billion ; Embraer , as company is known , wins orders mainly from European carriers like Crossair of Switzerland and Skyways of Sweden ; Embraer will join with General Electric Co and Honeywell Inc to develop family 70-seat and 90-seat regional jets ; orders are announced at Paris Air Show by Embraer chief executive Mauricio Botelho ; photo ( S )
Since the running boom of the 70 's , giants like Nike , Adidas and New Balance have rivaled Silicon Valley for speed of R. & D. rollout , releasing improved products nearly every six months .
Another Government contention is that Microsoft 's contracts with personal computer makers are restrictive , giving Microsoft tight-fisted control over the main Windows screen that users see when they start up their machines .
And on Wednesday , the state of Connecticut filed an antitrust lawsuit against Oracle .
A potential anti-obesity drug being developed by Amgen Inc. , which made headlines a few years ago by sharply reducing body fat in mice , has now been found to contribute to weight loss in people as well , scientists reported yesterday .
Time Warner said earlier this year that the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department were looking at how the company handled $ 400 million that AOL received from Bertelsmann for advertising .
Thanks to booming travel demand , the two major manufacturers of commercial airliners , Boeing and Airbus , are ''sitting on enormous production backlogs , '' said the Center for Asia Pacific Aviation .
Researchers are developing technologies that they hope will put entire computers and large-format screens onto wafer-thin glass , or even plastic that can be rolled up ; most promising technology is based on Kodak 's organic light-emitting diode , which is less bulky and consumes less power than liquid-crystal displays , technology at heart of most of today 's flat screens ; photo ( M )
Analysts said Apple 's deal with Disney was significant because Disney had been the studio taking the strictest stand on copy protection in the digital era .
The appeals court held Microsoft liable for a series of anticompetitive acts that undermined the two programs .
Omnicom Group agrees in principle to acquire Zimmerman & Partners Advertising ; terms undisclosed ; Young & Rubicam Inc is buying Knowledge Base Marketing Inc , in cash and stock deal valued at about $ 175 million ( Advertising column ) ( M )
In Apple 's case , the decision to excise the Dalai Lama will have little effect on its overall campaign .
Citigroup 's consumer businesses show a similar pattern .
That deal will not be revived even if General Electric 's legal team persuades the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg to annul the three-year-old order .
Some investors raise questions about Marriott International and focus on financial state of CBM Joint Venture LLC , off-balance-sheet entity that contributes significantly to profits of hotel-management company ; CBM says it will not make certain cash payments to owners of managed hotels and may defer interest payments due on money borrowed from Marriott ( M )
Pfizer could sweeten its offer , but not as much as it would have paid in a bidding war with Procter .
''Their accounting just is n't a big issue anymore , '' said Jack L. Kelly , an analyst with Goldman , Sachs , who has a neutral rating on Xerox .
Two senior Democratic congressmen are questioning whether Halliburton is overcharging the United States government in the procurement of gasoline and other fuel for Iraq , which is now importing oil products to stave off shortages .
With the new effort , which coincides with new graphics and packaging for Coke products , Coke joins a growing number of advertisers presenting marketing campaigns that mix parts of their history with contemporary elements .
Gap Inc begins review for ad agency to handle US television-buying assignments for its Banana Republic , Gap and Old Navy retail chains , which has been handled internally or on project basis ( S )
But Mr. Shaffer said he would not expect Mr. Jobs ever to risk being directly associated with the final collapse of Apple , the company he founded in that legendary Los Altos , Calif. , garage in 1976 .
Moody 's downgraded the state 's general obligation bonds from Aa2 to Aa3 and lowered ratings on most other bonds by one level .
Mr. Otellini said Intel led in 65-nanometer manufacturing , which allows it to producer faster chips more quickly .
FedEx Shipped a High Radiation Package Without Knowledge
''I was awakened out of my sleep and told the plant was closing , '' said Tammy Andrews , 35 , a line worker at the General Motors assembly plant in Doraville , Ga. , just outside Atlanta .
Its brands include Marriott , Ritz-Carlton , Renaissance , Courtyard and Residence Inn .
''Dave looked at the situation at Intel , '' Mr. Severino said .
''We 've got chalupas ; we 've got tacos , '' he reportedly told Boeing executives .
ChevronTexaco 's fortunes seem to be improving gradually .
Microsoft said it had expected the new complaint .
Information is at www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/main.html .
While Microsoft insists that it will win the case , the hardened position on remedies is fueled by a growing perception among the attorneys general that their side has gained the upper hand in court .
Three weeks after warning investors that revenue would fall short of estimates , Apple Computer today announced quarterly earnings that narrowly missed even Wall Street 's lowered estimates .
Intel executives said that while in the past multiple computers had been needed to encode live video , the new technology would create video files on a computer running Intel 's top-of-the-line 450-megahertz Pentium II microprocessor .
Paul Otellini , an Intel executive vice president , said that corporate customers were demanding the feature , but that the company was still evaluating the consumer market .
A Different Light , a leading gay and lesbian bookstore and mail-order service with stores in New York , Los Angeles and San Francisco , tried to place a display ad in the next A.T. & T .
If approved by regulators and the Defense Department , a merger of General Dynamics and Newport News would combine the Navy 's only two nuclear shipyards , leaving the company the only maker of submarines and aircraft carriers .
The business software industry , Oracle insists , is a much broader , dynamic arena with no shortage of innovation and competitors .
Both AOL and Brightcove have other video deals with Viacom and have discussed providing video advertising to it as well , according to executives involved in those negotiations .
Wal-Mart 's top marketing executive Julie Roehm is out of job amid allegations , which she denies , that she accepted gifts from ad agencies , particularly Draft FCB , maintained personal relationship with subordinate Sean Womack and showed favoritism toward potential vendors ; Wal-Mart , in surprising rebuke , overturns Roehm 's choice , Draft FCB , to replace company 's longtime ad agencies , decision that puts $ 580 million worth of marketing up for grabs again ; photo ( M )
AT & T has not announced an ITT-style bond buyback , but it has said it will sell its 86 percent stake in AT & T Capital and use the money to pay down debt in its core businesses .
MBNA Corp has been switching credit card accounts from Visa or MasterCard payment systems to cards issued by MBNA 's new partner , American Express Co ; switch is not illegal , as slamming is , practice some phone companies used in 1990 's to steal away competitors ' customers ; MBNA 's general counsel Louis J Freeh says company is taking 'comprehensive ' approach to marketing American Express cards to make up for 30 years when it could not offer alternative to Visa or MasterCard ; chart ; photo ( M )
But the problem was much worse : Vodafone 's chairman , Chris Gent , had set his sights on taking over Verizon Wireless within nine months on the way to a seamless worldwide network , according to executives close to Vodafone .
Other sites , like stubhub.com and www.ebay.com , act as marketplaces where buyers and sellers complete transactions directly .
Coca-Cola appealed repeatedly to the government to have the requirement dropped or to get an extension of the deadline , with no success .
That time , surprised and angry investors sent Honeywell 's shares plummeting by more than 25 percent .
European officials say these arrangements pose a threat to the survival of Airbus Industrie , the European consortium , based in Paris , that is rival to Boeing in the commercial aircraft market .
Correction : April 6 , 2006 , Thursday An article in Business Day on Tuesday about General Motors ' plans to sell a majority stake in its financing arm , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , misstated the Standard & Poor 's credit rating for G.M .
In what is expected to be one of the last major takeovers in the weapons industry , the Raytheon Company announced today that it had agreed to acquire the military businesses of the Hughes Electronics Corporation from the General Motors Corporation for the equivalent of $ 9.5 billion .
Time Warner yesterday outlined a radical plan to revive AOL by making more money with far fewer subscribers .
Yahoo , in turn , will promote Pepsi 's products on a new , co-branded site that Yahoo will operate , called PepsiStuff.com .
A federal judge in New York unsealed internal records of Merck & Company yesterday that detailed favorable treatment that Medco Health Solutions , a Merck unit , gave to some of the company 's most important drugs .
A spokesman for Verizon Wireless , Jeffrey Nelson , said there was no single reason for the delays , with the carriers and their hardware and software partners all sharing responsibility .
Amgen officials point to a survey showing that papers written by Amgen scientists over the last decade were more widely cited by other scientists than similar papers from Genentech or any big pharmaceutical company .
''This is not about Morgan Stanley , '' he said .
Mr. Greeley also disputes the contention that Amazon could be hurting publishers or authors by selling books that yield no royalties .
The new software strategy complements a series of products Apple introduced last week , including a new line of restyled and faster Powerbook laptop computers and the iMac , an exotic desktop computer aimed specifically at consumers .
Using that technology , it will be possible for Apple to quickly create a system that combines Next and Macintosh .
''If Apple is entertaining reversing its policy on licensing , it could be disastrous , '' said Mike Rosenfelt , director of marketing at Power Computing , based in Round Rock , Tex .
It is central to Boeing 's strategic bet that the air travel market is fragmenting from hub-and-spoke airports into a profusion of direct flights between cities .
Microsoft has considered several candidates , including some from well-known Internet companies .
Mr. High said Intel did not know whether the drop in demand was more from computers sold for businesses or for home use .
Citigroup is expected to announce today an agreement to swap its asset management business for Legg Mason 's brokerage business as well as cash and stock , in a deal worth a total of about $ 4 billion , one person close to the talks said yesterday .
Emmanuel officials , who retained the right to review the Merck building 's design , have stayed in close touch as the project evolved , and Sister Donovan , the college treasurer , attended monthly meetings as a member of the drug company 's development team .
Under Yahoo 's cash and stock offer , HotJobs.com shareholders will get $ 10.50 a share .
After insisting for weeks that its World Wide Web browser software could not be separated from its Windows 95 operating system , the Microsoft Corporation agreed today to do just that to avoid being found in contempt of court .
''It shows Microsoft , once again , going to a competitor and trying to persuade it or pressure it not to compete .
The merger of Chevron Corporation and Texaco Inc. had opera lovers worrying yesterday that the Metropolitan Opera 's radio broadcasts , a Saturday-afternoon fixture since 1940 , might disappear from the airwaves .
The model for this new worker activism was established by I.B.M .
Honeywell Inc to acquire Measurex Corp , maker of controls for paper industry , for $ 600 million cash ( M )
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser is now used by 96 percent of Web surfers worldwide , compared with only a 3 percent market share for Netscape , according to statistics gathered by StatMarket , a division of the audience measurement company WebSideStory .
Legg Mason acquired Citigroup 's asset management businesses ; it has never been a part of Citigroup .
Bringing the two men together is Brian L. Roberts , the chief executive of Comcast and the mastermind of the Disney takeover attempt .
's personal computer business , strong demand in Asia and strong growth from a number of businesses tied to I.B.M .
By the third quarter of last year , the most recent period for which data were available , the gap had widened to 10.4 percent for Verizon versus 8.3 percent for Sprint .
Government and company officials left no doubt of the importance they attach to General Motors in the plan for Daewoo Motor 's survival .
He said that the perception of PeopleSoft , which makes software that links back-office programs , as a troubled company had worried him and that even though PeopleSoft was strong , the analysts ' questions had focused on Oracle .
That was the question on the minds of media buyers , who advise companies where to place their advertising dollars , after Ms. Couric announced yesterday that she would take the anchor seat at CBS in September .
Microsoft Is Busy on Several Legal Fronts
PeopleSoft Inc has mailed proxy materials to shareholders in preparation for its annual meeting next month , strongly urging them to reject hostile takeover offer from Oracle Corp and to support its slate of nominees to PeopleSoft board ; chief executive says Oracle 's $ 26 per share bid is attempt to damage company and deny its stockholders full value ; fight for control could be settled by Justice Department 's antitrust division ( M )
Others also bailed out : Maryann Keller , a longtime Wall Street automotive analyst , quit as president of Priceline 's online car-buying service , and Bill Pike , a financial executive who had followed Ms. Miller from Citigroup , also resigned .
Microsoft Corp says fiscal fourth quarter profits rose more than 9 percent , even though revenues were flat ; earnings rose to $ 2.4 billion compared with $ 2.2 billion in year-earlier quarter ; revenues were $ 5.80 billlion , up $ 40 million from year ago ( M )
Coca-Cola 's stock received some support from the disclosure that Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia had bought $ 50 million of the stock as part of a $ 1 billion investment in what he called undervalued United States companies , including the Coke rival PepsiCo .
One version of Windows in Korea will exclude Microsoft Media Player and Windows Messenger , and the other one will carry links to Web pages that will allow consumers to download competing versions of the operating system .
But Mr. Maffei 's hasty exit was viewed by analysts as further evidence of the power held by Safra Catz , another co-president at Oracle and the heir apparent to the 61-year-old Mr. Ellison .
''It helps us in a number of ways to offer a service that users find more relevant , '' Mr. Sohn at Yahoo said of the questionnaire .
This overview reduces complexity and cuts down on overall costs , Cisco said .
Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to sell Clairol last month to Procter & Gamble , for $ 4.95 billion , largely because Clairol vies for the No .
It also makes corporate sense , she said ; the foundation 's sponsor , Verizon Communications , was formed this year after the merger of two technology giants , Bell Atlantic and GTE .
Lenovo , according to I.B.M .
At Gap , Ms. Ferlisi operates much as she did earlier in her career , overseeing 60 designers , including graphic artists , print designers and fabric researchers .
Microsoft Files Its Denials in Antitrust Suit
If Staples.com made $ 107 million that year , more than twice the profit last year of eBay , he could justify $ 7 a share , he wrote .
The Rockwell units have been renamed Boeing North American Inc .
But backers of the Maryland bill , which seemed to take special aim at Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest employer , say the support for it there indicates a growing recognition of the growing financial burden of caring for the uninsured .
Because Motorola 's agreement with Apple is not exclusive , Mr. Doherty said , Apple is probably working with other wireless carriers as well .
AT & T , REVERSING STRATEGY , ANNOUNCES A PLAN TO SPLIT INTO 3 SEPARATE COMPANIES
In trying to recast itself as a more appealing company , A.T. & T. joins a growing list of venerable marketers like General Motors , I.B.M .
The company also sees high-speed cable networks as a way to build upon Microsoft 's current Internet businesses , which include providing information , entertainment and commercial transactions via its MSN on-line network .
'' ( Most individual publishers are reluctant to criticize Amazon publicly for fear of alienating an important customer . )
More Geek , Less Chic ; After a Tryout at Microsoft , the Hip Gives Way to the Really Useful
With Halliburton trading at around $ 40 a share , his stake has a market value of around $ 40 million , although he would net somewhat less than that depending on the financial terms of the options .
One person involved in the talks said the company would also discuss its options with Campbell at the board meeting , which may resume today .
AOL paid $ 10 billion for Netscape in 1999 , and the company might have argued that nearly all that value was lost because of Microsoft 's anticompetitive conduct .
John J. Shanley , senior athletic and footwear industry analyst at Susquehanna Financial Group , which does not own Nike shares , said that smaller competitors have long outdone Nike by selling better-fitting and more fashionable workout clothes to women .
In an era when companies are increasingly selling technology ''platforms , '' rather than individual components , Texas Instruments ' approach with Da Vinci is no surprise to analysts .
The New York State pension fund manages about $ 118 billion in assets and owns 22.4 million Citigroup shares .
He said the deployment of the new insulation technique would be equivalent to I.B.M .
Some intellectual property experts said that these patents , which have broad reach , could be used to challenge Web services like the .Net electronic business system from Microsoft or Websphere software from I.B.M .
The ruling may follow the line the commission took last August when it accused Microsoft of abusing its dominant position in the software market by obstructing rivals ' programs from working with the ubiquitous Microsoft Windows operating system .
''That would not have been the Exxon style , '' said one official .
General Electric plans to fight the proposal , as does the Citizen Environmentalists Against Sludge Encapsulation , a local group known by its acronym , Cease .
The Senate Finance Committee yesterday began an inquiry into whether Johnson & Johnson used educational grants to promote the pediatric use of its former heartburn medication , Propulsid , even as internal company concerns mounted during the 1990 's about the drug 's safety in some children .
The Federal Government and the Microsoft Corporation clashed in court today over whether the computer software giant had flouted a judge 's order that it stop forcing makers of personal computers to install Microsoft 's Internet browser as a condition of accepting its highly popular Windows 95 operating system .
Betty Dukes , lead plaintiff in suit charging Wal-Mart with widespread discrimination against women workers , comments on suit and her determination to move up at company ; Wal-Mart says it is continuing to review its employment practices ; table and graph of job-discrimination cases ; photos ( M )
Tales of Fear And Loathing Of Microsoft
Dr. Gill said the catheter Amgen used did not deliver the drug as efficiently as the ones used in England and Kentucky .
Its entry may have been in glass fibers , but Corning has been on a buying spree lately , spending more than $ 6 billion on acquisitions in the last year as the company has become the leading supplier of optical amplifiers , cables and fibers .
''The throttle is in Fuji 's hands , and there 's not a darned thing Kodak can do about it , '' Mr. Henderson said .
Next week , Kenneth D. Lewis , Bank of America 's chairman and chief executive , is expected to present to investors his plans for a new approach : to steer the company away from acquisitions and toward more internal growth .
The plans apply only to AT & T wireless packages starting at $ 59.99 for 900 anytime minutes a month .
Interbank documents and records of government investigators reportedly show Citigroup misrepresented full nature of 1999 transaction with Enron so company could ignore accounting requirements and hide its true financial condition ; demonstrate for first time that bankers intentionally manipulated written record of dealings with Enron to allow company to improperly avoid requirements of accounting rules and law , keeping $ 125 million in debt off books ; records show bankers knew secret oral agreement reached with company required that accounting of transaction be changed ; show Citigroup left side deal out of written record and allowed Enron to account for transaction in way bankers knew was improper ( M )
Industry consultants says charges that MCI used fraudulent methods to reduce access fees it pays to other phone companies could make it harder for MCI to keep some of its current customers and sign up new ones ; charges are raising new questions about reliability of financial data and projections MCI is giving creditors and bankruptcy court overseeing its reorganization ; court approves settlement by which MCI , still technically named WorldCom , agrees to pay Verizon $ 60 million to resolve fee disputes ; timeline and photos of MCI 's chief executives ( M )
Many people in the computer industry expect the machine to have an impact on Apple 's bottom line similar to the impact the iMac has had , forcing other computer makers to alter their strategies .
With the last major legal challenge over marketing practices by the tobacco industry having cleared two weeks ago , Altria 's 11-member board is likely to discuss the timing of a much-anticipated and imminent corporate overhaul .
He offered arguments and evidence making the case that nothing Microsoft had done had harmed consumers -- an important factor in the case .
On Monday , Sun will try to cast itself as a Microsoft beater .
Because it argued against suing ChevronTexaco , the law firm said it was ultimately paid nothing by Hawaii for its work .
Still , Mr. Shapiro said he expected Microsoft to use the deal documents ''to bring alive for the judge the notion that this high-tech landscape is changing and fluid , and that 's not just Microsoft 's view . ''
I.B.M .
Microsoft had planned to add its browser as an operating system feature even before Netscape was incorporated , he added .
US Postal Service and FedEx Corp are discussing partnership that would help service increase revenue while giving FedEx low-cost way to reach millions of residential customers ; partnership could be blow to industry leader , United Parcel Service , which delivers 12 million packages a day ; photo ( M )
Stocks of big agency companies fall on added signs that slowdown in advertising spending growth will continue well into year ; Interpublic Group and True North Communications drop after both warn of disappointing second-quarter earnings ( S )
It says it spent $ 140 million building its own gateway in Hawaii and paying Motorola to run it , and buying 3,000 satellite handsets .
Many big investors say that Mattel needs to generate hefty returns from recently acquired companies , reduce its reliance on Barbie and respond more quickly to changes in the way children play .
In recent weeks , two broadcast networks , ABC and CBS , said they were exploring the creation of English-language versions of telenovelas that could appear as replacement programs this summer .
Mr. Nacchio said he expected to hear from U S West and Frontier within a few days .
Boeing Co , manufacturer of Egyptair jetliner that crashed off Nantucket Island , says plane was equipped with unusually sophisticated black box data recorder that could record three times as many categories of data beyond standard required in US ; says Egyptair ordered black box with 55 data categories , including monitors for fuel flow , autopilot stratus and engine fires ( M )
In a characteristically entertaining E-mail sent to his Microsoft colleagues last Monday , Mr. Myhrvold began , ''In another 10 to 15 billion years , it is very likely that the universe as we know it will cease to exist -- either through dissipation or collapse , nobody is sure which . ''
In December 2004 , shortly before Thomas M. Coughlin left his job as the second-ranking executive at Wal-Mart Stores , he instructed a subordinate to order him a $ 1,700 laptop computer , which he later charged to Wal-Mart .
A photo caption with an article in Business Day on Saturday about an early start to the holiday shopping season by Wal-Mart by offering deep discounts on electronics misidentified the promotional image shown .
Mr. Jones said it would have cost ''hundreds of millions of dollars '' for Humana to duplicate the computerized information systems that United has developed , which make it possible to allow more flexible choices of doctors for consumers while keeping track of physicians ' activity , an important cost-control device for managed-care plans .
Ford Motor Co says next generation of Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles will be extensively changed from current models to reduce danger to other motorists during collisions and to reduce risk of deadly rollovers ( M )
Citigroup 's consumer business now accounts for two-thirds of the company 's profits and its steady performance and growth are crucial to Citigroup 's long-term well-being .
But executives of the two companies see a clear logic : Veritas makes corporate data accessible , while Symantec makes that data secure , and corporate customers increasingly want to buy such technology from a single vendor .
Many Mexicans are hazy about whether they are shopping in a Wal-Mart store .
By contrast , Coca-Cola sold 5.5 billion cases in the United States alone .
But he thinks Microsoft will also find a way to sell songs to be downloaded on iPods .
Though neither General Mills nor Rare Medium would discuss spending , the costs of developing and maintaining elaborate interactive communications like Betty Crocker 's are estimated at $ 1 million annually .
Wal-Mart has said its new Value Plan has encouraged more workers to sign up for health care .
Mr. Clinton did not elaborate , but aides said that he was referring to the possibility of retaliatory sanctions if European Union officials continued opposing the Boeing deal .
These three Morgan Stanley competitors , their coffers rich from trading profits , have been seeking to hire investment bankers rather than laying them off .
NikeLab has also contracted eight digital artists to create interactive games , sound effects and movies that are tied , either implicitly or explicitly , to Nike products .
's software unimpressive -- a patchwork of programming projects , not as coherent or as integrated as Microsoft 's competing offerings .
I.B.M .
''We are lowering the costs to make health insurance more affordable , '' said a Wal-Mart spokesman , Dan Fogleman , who declined to comment on how much the plan would cost the company .
In fact , Roger Shiffman , Tiger 's president , said that had it not been for the sale of his company to Hasbro last year , Tiger would have been unable to capitalize fully on Furby 's potential .
Carl S Kaplan article on concern among civil libertarians over ruling by Judge Jean-Jacques Gomez that Yahoo violated French law by allowing French citizens to view auction sites displaying Nazi memorabilia ; Judge Jeremy Fogel has ruled that French court 's order -- and $ 13,000-a-day fine against Yahoo -- are not enforceable in US , but legal observers question whether Fogel 's ruling will be provide much of a shield as more countries try to control speech seen as hateful or terrorist ( M )
Goodyear , which said it was seeking to cut costs by more than $ 1 billion by 2005 , had a net loss of $ 237 million in the first half of this year and has lost $ 1.3 billion in the last two years .
In an interview yesterday at Allen & Company 's annual media conference in Idaho , Mr. Malone said that if Comcast raised its bid , ''the deal would make a lot of sense , '' Bloomberg News reported .
Intel 's chief executive , Andrew Grove , is expected to announce at a trade show in Las Vegas , Nev. , today that Intel is forming an alliance with the Starbucks Corporation of Seattle to develop what could become a chain of ''cybercafes '' -- in effect , Starbucks coffee shops with Intel inside .
Interpublic in Deals For Two Agencies
Morgan Stanley did not make Mr. Merin available for comment .
New Ads for Gap Use 'West Side Story '
So when a full-page portrait of him was recently featured in an Apple Computer advertising campaign ( under the words , ''Think different '' ) , some friends of Tibet shuddered a little to see his image once again prized before his cause .
''Microsoft is building on one of its successful Internet sites to establish the deepest business-to-business relationship it has developed so far , '' said David Readerman , an analyst with Thomas Weisel Partners , an investment firm in San Francisco .
He would not say who was on the list , but a person apprised of the search said it included about 10 people and 3 of those people were Peter Chernin , the chief operating officer of the News Corporation , and Leslie Moonves and Tom Freston , co-presidents of Viacom .
SBC , which handles advertising for two Sherwin-Williams paint brands , Martin-Senour and Pratt & Lambert , was awarded the additional assignment after a two-month review , which also included Hanft , Byrne and two other shops on the Sherwin-Williams agency roster : Partners & Shevack in New York , a unit of Mickelberry Communications , and Wyse Advertising in Cleveland .
John J. Mack , in his boldest strategic move since he became chief executive last year , said yesterday that Morgan Stanley would spin off its slow-growing credit card unit , Discover .
American Airlines and Southwest Airlines reported results yesterday that painted a stark picture of the floundering airline industry .
The plane will be rolled out at Boeing 's plant in Everett , Wash. , on July 8 ; that is not the date for the inaugural flight .
Microsoft 's bCentral division , which sells software and services to small businesses , this month rolled out a proactive chat feature on bCentral.com after six months of testing .
A.T. & T. 's high price may have hurt sales .
Since December , when Boston Scientific , based in Natick , Mass. , made its first bid for Guidant , its stock price has fallen more than 15 percent .
Gypsies ' Suit Against I.B.M .
Marketing of Vioxx : How Merck Played Game of Catch-Up
To take advantage of this feature , Dr. Bell 's sister , Sharon Smith of Bethany , Mo. , came to the Microsoft lab and talked about some of the photos in the family collection as they were displayed , identifying , for instance , people and objects in the pictures .
Using other products as examples to illustrate his point , Mr. Boies insisted that it was possible to do what Microsoft says is nearly impossible -- draw a boundary line in software code , separating one product from another .
''Motorola has a good brand name , but they have been very inefficient , '' said David Katz , chief investment officer at Matrix Asset Advisors .
AT & T 's ailing computer subsidiary is expected to announce a new line of high-performance business computers today that the unit hopes will set the stage for a turnaround before it is spun off as an independent company in 1997 .
''We 're hoping we can get Exxon Mobil to integrate human rights concerns into their very public concerns of their own security , '' he said .
AT & T and the cable providers also compete for customers of high-speed Internet access .
Verizon reported profit of $ 1.79 billion , or 64 cents a share , compared with $ 4.41 billion , or $ 1.60 a share , in the period a year earlier when it recorded special gains and tax benefits from the sales of businesses .
Steven A. Ballmer , the chief executive of Microsoft , said that the settlement would ''avoid long and costly litigation for the company and really make a difference in the lives of children in some of America 's most disadvantaged school districts . ''
Article in The Media Giants series profiles Rupert Murdoch 's empire , which encompasses broadcast , cable and satellite television , movies , books and newspapers ; Murdoch says his focus today is not on further acquisitions but on improving operational details and lifting operating income ; says company has weathered current downturn better than the last because it moved debt from short-term bank debt to long-term bonds ; graphs ; photos ( L )
He declined to say how much money or staff resources Merck had expended in its efforts to require use of the cervical cancer vaccine .
In the year since Turner was betrothed to Time Warner , Bell Atlantic merged with Nynex and SBC Communications acquired Pacific Telesis Group .
The government , said Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman , often ''ignored existing law or wants to write new law to suit its purposes . ''
Commercial insurer American International Group is setting aside additional $ 2.8 billion because of unexpected increases in liability claims ( S )
Mr. Moody 's job is to make sure FNC 's news reports are ''fair and balanced , '' and to teach FNC 's relatively young staff of reporters how to do that .
A Campaign to Derail Verizon-MCI Deal
In its announcement today , Microsoft said Ford had made an undisclosed minority investment in Carpoint , the car-shopping service that is one of the most popular features of Microsoft 's on-line service MSN .
''They are trying to have their cake and eat it too , '' said Charles Fitzgerald , a group program manager at Microsoft .
Price war between Intel Corp and Advanced Micro Devices escalates as both companies cut prices on some computer chips ( S )
Compared with Colgate-Palmolive and Procter & Gamble , Kimberly-Clark 's trading multiple is fairly low , at 9.7 times operating cash flow .
The Microsoft Corporation shot back at the Justice Department today , saying that the government wanted to curtail the company 's right of appeal of the antitrust ruling against it .
In addition to deferring payments , a marketing tactic I.B.M .
''If Apple 's going to survive and thrive , they have to convince these developers to come back to the fold , '' Mr. Bajarin added .
''At News Corp , Rupert Murdoch , for all intents and purposes , is the board of directors , '' Mr. Vogel said .
Computer hackers are now writing viruses for Palm devices , and Symantec and McAfee.com have come out with test versions of software that will protect Palms from malicious code ; photo ( M )
Coca-Cola Co will lay off 1,000 employees in North America ; five hundreds cuts will be made at company 's headquarters in Atlanta ; chairman-chief executive Douglas N Daft comments ( S )
Microsoft Witness Keeps People Off Edges of Their Seats
Among the star products , sales of Pfizer 's Norvasc blood-pressure drug soared 41 percent in the quarter to $ 471 million , and Merck pushed Zocor , its treatment to reduce cholesterol , up 47 percent to $ 725 million .
In 1998 , NFL Blitz sold more than 2 million home copies , barely beating Electronic Arts ' perennial hit , John Madden Football .
Account Review At Verizon Wireless
In interviews with consumers first contacted for a New York Times poll , many said they were shopping at chains like Wal-Mart and Target first this season , hoping to find a deal , before venturing to the mall for a final round of gifts .
In New York , port officials are hoping that the proposed division of Conrail between CSX and Norfolk Southern will result in competitive rail service that will enable New York to retain its status as the hub port on the East Coast , fending off challenges from both Norfolk , Va. , and Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Success today comes from branding and distribution , and Yahoo and a few others are going to be tough competitors on both counts .
Firefox has won praise from some Internet experts for being more innovative than Microsoft 's Internet Explorer and less susceptible to malicious programs that routinely attack the Microsoft browser .
A spokeswoman said Target reassessed its policy because more nonprofit groups were seeking exceptions .
Given the lightening pace at which the software industry moves , Microsoft 's proposed term of four years is reasonable .
Daiei also said Tuesday that it would sell the Shinkobe Oriental Hotel in Hyogo Prefecture near Osaka to Morgan Stanley for 12.5 billion yen .
When the AT & T-Comcast merger , a stock swap arrangement , was announced last December , it was valued at $ 47 billion , not including Comcast 's assumption of $ 25 billion in debt .
Harry S. Stonecipher , Boeing 's president , said yesterday that that the company still took 20 percent to 30 percent more hours to produce an airplane than it did in 1994 .
Time Warner will not be allowed to charge Internet companies excessive fees .
Dell Computer will soon begin selling two new lines of data-serving computers as part of effort to dominate low-end server market ; says it will work with Microsoft Corp on developing new servers that use InfiniBand technology , which supporters say moves data through computers more quickly ; says it remains on track to earn 16 cents diluted share for its first quarter ended May 3 ( S )
At the end of the third quarter of 2004 , Yahoo had 7.6 million subscribers for its premium services , an 81 percent increase from the same quarter a year earlier .
The disclosure , which was reported by The Wall Street Journal , rattled some investors who drove Merck shares down as much as 4.6 percent yesterday .
Under a new policy Citigroup initiated in August , no such financing will be approved without meaningful disclosure of its impact on a company 's financial condition . ''
Lucas van Praag , a Goldman Sachs spokesman , said , ''We recognize that there is a great benefit to be had from clearly defined standards on electronic traffic , and we are supportive of clearly defined standards . ''
Travelocity is owned by AMR , not Microsoft .
But Mr. Kelleher said that inflationary pressures , which could manifest themselves as increases in the price Cisco pays for raw goods , might be more likely to appear in the current quarter .
Analysts said Intel 's second-quarter earnings and third-quarter forecast reflected both a shift in the PC market to lower-priced machines and the first significant competition to Intel 's most powerful microprocessors from Advanced Micro Devices and Cyrix .
Cisco Systems rose 89 cents , to $ 23.08 ; Intel gained $ 1.06 , to $ 30.38 ; JDS Uniphase jumped $ 1.92 , to $ 28.31 ; and Sun Microsystems climbed $ 1.31 , to $ 20.94 .
Walt Disney Co and News Corp will join forces to create Internet video-on-demand service , Movies.com ( S )
During a workshop in Houston several weeks ago , Wal-Mart managers and hourly workers spent five hours at the zoo learning about environmental sustainability , a lesson that included tips on reducing carbon emissions and consuming healthier , more environmentally friendly food .
Another sign of the turmoil at Interpublic is that it went through four chief financial officers from 2003 to 2005 .
The article also reported that Tim Kane of the Heritage Foundation and Karl Zinsmeister , formerly of the American Enterprise Institute , were among those who wrote articles favorable to Wal-Mart after their foundations received a donation .
About half of Vornado 's holdings consists of office space in New York and Washington , including about seven million square feet around Pennsylvania Station in Midtown Manhattan , a once-risky neighborhood that is expected to thrive in coming years .
Consultants and analysts said the deal posed serious financial risks for Aetna , which will face the costs and uncertainties of running multiple information systems , especially as companies face the worrisome challenge of computer change-over problems in 2000 .
Carlos Ghosn , the chief executive of Renault and Nissan , laid out the parameters yesterday for the global alliance he hopes to reach with General Motors : he wants it to be big , he would like it to happen fast , and he emphasizes it must be friendly .
AOL controls Netscape , a browser pioneer that has lost ground to Microsoft .
Raytheon , Lexington , Mass. , 11 million Class B shares .
The consequences of Intel 's strategy shift is not yet clear .
Mr. McNerney , who spent most of his career at the General Electric Company , was one of the runners-up to succeed the G.E .
As the center of its portal strategy , Microsoft created a new home page , called MSN.com , meant to be a jumping-off point for its other services .
I.B.M .
By installing ''Judge Judy '' from 4 p.m. to 5 p.m. , in place of the lower-rated ''People 's Court , '' CBS -- and WCBS , its New York station -- were hoping to bolster the ratings of the local news that followed her syndicated program .
Boeing Co 's main rival , Airbus Industrie , wins major contract from Iberia Air Lines , which orders as many as 76 of its medium-range , single-aisle aircraft worth $ 4 billion , largest sale by Airbus to any European carrier ; order comes after Spanish Government exerts heavy pressure on Iberia , which is state-run , to pick Airbus , and it could set pattern for other European carriers as they refurbish their fleets in coming years ( M )
Like Charles Schwab , the leading on-line brokerage firm , both Morgan Stanley and Merrill will charge $ 29.95 for Internet trades for cost-sensitive , do-it-yourself investors , though that level is still several times that of their lowest-priced rivals on line .
Microsoft plans to accelerate its investment in research and development and increase its work force ; chairman Bill Gates , in daylong meeting for financial analysts , says Microsoft will increase its investment in new software and hardware technologies almost 20 percent in fiscal year 2003 , raising its spending to $ 5.2 billion , from $ 4.3 billion ; plans to add 5,000 workers to its force of 50,000 ; chief financial officer John G Connors comments on company 's future ( M )
Mr. Tashjian said he had expected a better stock performance from a hot name like Ralph Lauren .
''I.B.M .
Vioxx has been a blockbuster for Merck , with sales of $ 2.5 billion last year , and has been widely marketed as a safe alternative to drugs like aspirin , which can cause ulcers and gastrointestinal bleeding .
One change not being made , despite expectations to the contrary , is the dismissal of Sean F. Orr , the executive vice president and chief financial officer at Interpublic .
As part of Mr. Verme 's effort to recruit Mr. McGuire to Citigroup , the two acted as if they were negotiating a multibillion-dollar deal , secretly meeting in Manhattan hotel rooms .
In size , Honeywell , with 1998 revenue of $ 8.4 billion , is dwarfed by Allied , which had revenue of $ 15.1 billion last year .
Warren C. Jenson , the chief financial officer at Electronic Arts , said that the outlook reflected the realities of the console transition , but that the investment the company was making would enable it to compete better in the future .
But Microsoft made little headway until last August , when it introduced version 3.0 of Internet Explorer , which analysts regarded as a strong rival , technologically , to Netscape 's Navigator .
Amazon has responded to eBay 's challenge by bringing in as many different merchants as it can .
was conducting an accounting review of Aetna 's public filings for the last three years , a time when the company made a spectacular series of deals .
The Bank of America review three years ago pitted a team of Interpublic agencies against a team assembled by Omnicom .
But Mr. Murdoch is clearly not taking any chances that he might lose control of the News Corporation , which he plans to turn over to his sons : Lachlan , now deputy chief operating officer , and James , chief executive of British Sky Broadcasting , Mr. Murdoch 's satellite TV company in Britain .
Media One Group Inc. owns 25 percent of Time Warner Entertainment , a partnership that owns many of Time Warner 's cable operations , and so Media One must approve yesterday 's deal .
Seventy-six percent of Coke 's profit comes from sales outside the United States .
Because the lawsuits could potentially force courts to define what a journalist is and to broaden trade secret protection for corporations , Mr. Jobs has been bitterly opposed by public interest groups and some reporters , who cite Apple 's status as an underdog in the computer industry and the company 's role in creating new avenues for electronic media .
Marriott was not dying to be in the day care business , she added , but its managers knew that if they ignored staff problems , they could badly tarnish the chain 's reputation for customer service .
Whirlpool first notified the commission about the problem in September .
Marketers , ad agencies and media companies are flooding commercial culture with images of gambling and Las Vegas to woo consumers ; allure of gambling Las Vegas-style is being invoked by blue-chip companies like Delta Air Lines , DreamWorks , Ford Motor Co , NBC division of General Electric , Levi Strauss , PepsiCo and Time Warner ( M )
Some analysts contend that Intel 's challenge of revamping its chip design is formidable .
Seeking to end the deadlock , I.B.M .
That said , many investors had factored the value of Priceline 's option to buy Webhouse into their assessment of its stock .
Boeing Gets an Edge in Seoul
In the trial , the subject of access to Microsoft 's technology is typically raised in terms of a seemingly arcane three-letter acronym -- A.P.I. , for application program interface .
Some analysts question whether Netflix 's innovation should have passed that last test .
In the afternoon court session , the Microsoft defense moved to the cross-examination of the Government 's lead-off witness , James Barksdale , the president and chief executive of Netscape .
''I think we have a lot of assets that we have created over time that have messages that resonate in a contemporary format , '' said Philip F. Mooney , director of the Coca-Cola corporate archives , who joined other executives from Coca-Cola and I.B.M .
But while Nintendo may have overtaken Microsoft slightly in unit sales last year , Robbie Bach , Microsoft 's chief Xbox officer , said that Microsoft still maintained a million-unit lead over Nintendo in ''life to date '' sales , and that the company hit all its targets for the holiday season .
Dave Baker , the vice president for law and public policy at Earthlink , an Internet service provider , said his company was pleased with the approval -- especially since his company had signed an agreement with Time Warner Cable on Nov. 20 ensuring that customers of the cable company would have the choice of EarthLink as their broadband provider .
Hasbro Severs Relationship With Grey After 30 Years
At the hearing , Procter & Gamble will seek over-the-counter approval for full-strength Prilosec for use for a maximum of 14 days to prevent heartburn .
Microsoft reaches preliminary settlement with consumers in Minnesota who claimed that company had overcharged them for software from 1994 to 2001 ( M )
She was later told that the company had actually paid $ 3.8 million for it and repeated that information , which drew the attention of a lawyer who had defended Humana .
In fining Vonage less than Verizon had sought , the jury found that Vonage 's infringement was not willful , meaning that Verizon could not collect triple the damages .
International Business Machines supercomputer overtakes NEC Corp machine as world 's fastest supercomputer ; is based on technology that takes radically different approach from that used in Japanese computer ; is one-hundredth size of NEC rival and uses far less power ; will have wide commercial applications ( M )
Research findings on male and female sex drive and arousal help explain why drug companies , like Pfizer , have struggled to develop female Viagra , impotence drug ; Dr Stephan Hamann , psychology professor and lead author of MRI study of men 's and women 's brains recently published in Nature Neuroscience , finds amygdala could be link between visual sexual stimulus and sexual pleasure ; Northwestern University researcher Dr Meredith Chivers led study of visual stimulus and found that woman are visually aroused as easily as men , but do not recognize physical excitement ; both studies support idea that sexual desire for women is complex physical and emotional mix and treating physical dysfunction alone will not work for most women experiencing difficulty with intimacy ; photo ( L )
Well , now the view around the Xerox headquarters in Stamford , Conn. , has changed to : been there , done that .
Chevron Corp 's $ 700 million investment in Tengiz oilfields of former Soviet republic of Kazakstan , derided as foolish by other major producers , is finally paying off and is forcing many skeptics to swallow words and competitors to follow lead into former Soviet lands ; company is expected to report profit of $ 80 million from Tengiz oilfields in 1996 , up from $ 1 million in 1995 ; map ; chart ( Market Place ) ( M )
''This deal was the shot heard around the world , in the industry , by the public and in this courthouse , '' said William H. Neukom , the Microsoft senior vice president for law and corporate affairs .
It is also one of the prime developers for Wal-Mart Stores .
Lucent Picks Boeing Executive as Finance Chief
Chuck Sinclair , a spokesman for Goodyear in Akron , Ohio , said that ''the decision to review agencies was made well in advance of the meeting . ''
Intel said that its revenue was up nearly 10 percent in the fourth quarter , to $ 9.6 billion , while its profit dipped slightly , to $ 2.1 billion , or 33 cents a share , compared with $ 2.2 billion , also 33 cents , in the quarter a year earlier .
''The fun-to-work ratio for Bill is going up , '' said a Microsoft executive , one of several who noted that Mr. Gates seems more relaxed lately than he has in years .
If approved by Charles A. James , the head of the antitrust division , the decision would be a major victory for Rupert Murdoch , chairman of the News Corporation , who had sought unsuccessfully to buy DirecTV .
''The challenge is how does Microsoft sustain a $ 180 million market capitalization in the face of some of these slowing markets , '' Mr. Readerman , the analyst , said .
The new kids on the block had a return of 22.03 percent , on an equal-weighted basis , beating the Morgan Stanley Capital International noninvestable equal-weighted hedge fund index , on a total return basis , by more than 45 percent and more than double the returns of the Credit Suisse/Tremont investable index , the best-performing hedge fund index for the two-year period .
Excluding those one-time items , Amazon lost $ 24.7 million , or 49 cents a diluted share .
''Over all the third quarter was a strong quarter for Motorola and one that signals some positive momentum in key aspects of our business , '' Mike Zafirovski , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , said in a statement .
Michael J. Russell Jr. , an analyst who follows advertising stocks for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in New York , said in an interview after the call that it was ''comforting '' to know that the reason True North restated its earnings was ''benign . ''
But some executives at the rival record labels argued that the move by Universal , part of Vivendi Universal , was a recognition of the growing share of music sales controlled by Wal-Mart and other retail giants .
's disk drive business to Hitachi and I.B.M .
Billy Pidgeon , an analyst with the research firm of Jupiter Communications , said that Electronic Arts had emerged with a stronger market position with each transition to a new console .
Amazon is also buying a warrant for $ 10 million that entitles it to purchase an additional one million shares of Sotheby 's Class A stock at a price of $ 100 a share .
Though a deal is unlikely to materialize soon , potential suitors , like BellSouth and SBC Communications , are expected to begin angling for control almost immediately , possibly making feeler calls to AT & T as early as the start of business today , according to executives close to BellSouth and SBC .
On pages that display registration data for domain names that are already taken -- including names that have expired and are awaiting a renewal payment -- VeriSign offers visitors the opportunity to make a bid for those names through its GreatDomains service .
The report faults Nike for doing much of its production in China , where independent unions are prohibited and where , the report said , workers are paid at most $ 1.50 for a pair of shoes that sells for $ 100 .
World Business Briefing : Europe : Britain : Ex-Citigroup Executive Hired
Market Place column on rising stock prices of Sprint Corp and Frontier Corp despite Sprint 's report of lower-than-expected earnings in third quarter and Frontier 's announcement that earnings will be lower in third quarter ; says telecommunications companies are being judged on their perceived long-term potential rather than on their actual financial performance ; Sprint says it earned $ 211.7 million on revenue of $ 3.8 billion , down from earnings during comparable period last year of $ 312.4 million on revenue of $ 3.5 billion ; Ameritech says it earned $ 613 million on revenue of $ 4 billion , up from $ 519 million in year-earlier period , on revenue of $ 3.7 billion ; tables ( L )
Correction : January 4 , 2007 , Thursday A headline in Business Day yesterday about a lawsuit brought by Intertainer , a digital media company , against Apple Computer , Google and Napster misstated the nature of the litigation .
Despite the bad publicity , both acts have received a marketing push from Verizon , through promotions as ''featured '' artists on its mobile network or elsewhere .
The idea is to have a bit of Bergdorf 's cachet rub off on the middle-class image of goods sold at Kohl 's .
The Microsoft disinformation incident came to light on Wednesday when Richard Smith , the president of Phar Lap Software and a leading computer security expert , received an E-mail message from someone identifying himself as Phil Bucking of Bucking Consulting .
Technology Briefing | Internet : Comcast Adds Disney Programming
Although he had been with Kodak only since 1994 , Mr. Kavetas was credited with helping to engineer the strategies that helped the company dig out from under a huge debt load and stem a precipitous drop in its share of the American film market .
AT & T , Canadian Pacific and Rogers will be `` looking for signs the Government really is committed to sustainable competition '' before deciding whether to exercise the option , said Edward S. Rogers , president and chief executive of Rogers and the new chairman of Unitel .
Michael J. Russell Jr. , an analyst who follows the industry for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , asked rhetorically .
Among those who will be keeping close tabs on Panama is Yahoo 's chief executive , Terry S. Semel .
One of the Nordstrom.com e-mails , addressed to a woman named Diana , was instead sent to a business e-mail address based on the name of one of Diana 's co-workers , a man named Mike .
Microsoft 's decision to reach out to critics it would once have shunned shows its change in attitude about computer security .
After-hours trading today reflected such sentiment ; Intel shares fell an additional 10 percent after stock markets closed , and industry analysts said the impact could spill over into other sectors .
''We 're disappointed but not surprised , because the Supreme Court rarely hears cases like this , '' said Yanik Deschnes , a spokesman for Wal-Mart .
But by all accounts , it was Time Warner 's decision last spring , as it wrestled with the Walt Disney Company during a contractual dispute , to briefly block Disney 's ABC unit from millions of viewers that cast a long regulatory shadow on the proposed deal .
Why should that be up to Microsoft ? ''
While Time Warner cable will still offer Road Runner service and high-speed service from Earthlink , it will emphasize a combined AOL-Road Runner service , which will use the AOL software and give customers an AOL.com e-mail address .
For example , Sempra Energy , a provider of electricity and natural gas , paid an annual dividend of $ 1 on $ 2.52 of earnings per share last year .
And despite the fatal crash of a Boeing 767 flown by Egyptair and the Federal Aviation Administration 's announcement this week that it will inspect quality controls at Boeing 's factories after several recent lapses , the world 's airlines still consider Boeing jets to be safe and reliable .
In sum , the efforts Microsoft directed at OEM 's and IAP 's successfully ostracized Navigator as a practical matter from the two channels that lead most efficiently to browser usage .
For his part , Mr. Lasky said he was not worried about Electronic Arts because it was expected to focus on the higher-end , graphics-rich games for people using more sophisticated phones .
In fact , anemia may be undertreated in cancer and kidney patients , scientists at Amgen argue .
In the last two years , Oracle customers have complained that the company 's application product -- software used to automate and track business functions , like human resources management -- had bugs and was difficult to install .
After taking one unusual step last week by suggesting that most of the highly paid employees at the Goldman Sachs Group seemed expendable , Henry M. Paulson Jr. took another one Sunday night : he apologized to the firm 's staff .
One of Boeing 's biggest critics in Washington , Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , is expected to intensify his war of words against the company after Congress reconvenes .
Perception is important in the world of private banking , widely considered one of the fastest-growing and most lucrative areas in financial services , and Bank of America 's private banking operation has long been overshadowed by the bank 's predominantly middle-class image .
Best Buy has also moved its repair technicians out of regional centers to walkup counters in all stores .
For the Feb. 17 public event to roll out Microsoft 's ambitious Windows 2000 operating system , Sun marketing executives had hired a fleet of 20 bright yellow trucks used by the pest-control company Western Exterminator .
Intel Corp vice president Steven D McGeady , in testimony at Microsoft Corp antitrust trial , says Microsoft chairman William H Gates confidently told group of industry executives in 1995 that Government 's antitrust investigation of his company would 'blow over ' with scant effect ; although Microsoft signed consent decree with Government a year earlier agreeing to alter its software licensing deals with personal computer makers , Gates is also quoted as saying that company had not really changed its business practices ; photo ( M )
But Mr. Weill said he was not thinking of shedding other Citigroup businesses .
So AT & T has been closing its plants and cutting thousands of jobs .
Despite the company 's performance , Motorola 's shares have slipped more than 16 percent this year .
A chart in Business Day on Saturday showing the products made by Procter & Gamble and Gillette , and their shares of sales , mislabeled the company that makes batteries .
Amazon.com and New York Times Co settle their legal dispute over on-line bookseller 's use of newspaper 's weekly best-seller list to sell discounted books ; agreement will permit Amazon to continue publishing list of popular titles ; Amazon agrees to list best-selling books in alphabetical order , post lists after publication in newspaper and include disclaimers that Times is not affiliated with Amazon ; also agrees to continue providing weekly sales data to newspaper ( M )
''We 're seeing no turnaround in terms of orders , '' John Chambers , the chief executive of Cisco , a networking company , said at an investment conference sponsored by Merrill Lynch .
When the Yahoo portal is introduced this summer , Verizon customers will be offered a choice of Verizon , Yahoo or MSN portal as their home page .
Microsoft has been called an ''irony-free zone , '' but Mr. Maritz , given his British-influenced education , is known for a cutting , often self-deprecating sense of humor .
Two days after the chairman and chief of General Motors , Rick Wagoner , said he was pressing the United Automobile Workers union for substantial cuts in their health care benefits , a top union leader said the union was still prepared to agree to only modest cuts before G.M .
Prices for business insurance are continuing to soar in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks and Maurice R. Greenberg , the chief executive of the American International Group , said yesterday that he expected no letup at least through next year .
For Mr. Wolfensohn , Citigroup is a homecoming of sorts .
Yesterday , AT & T announced the top executives who will report to Mr. Schacht and Mr. McGinn .
Harry C. Stonecipher , the chief executive of McDonnell Douglas who will be president of the enlarged Boeing , said in a phone interview that the two companies agreed to merge on Tuesday .
I.B.M .
Crew has haunted Gap 's board , has told the investment firms that he has no interest in returning to Gap , this person said .
Time Warner , the world 's biggest media company , has seen its stock price languish over the last few years as Mr. Parsons has dealt with the aftermath of the company 's merger with AOL .
and America West , among the smallest of the nation 's major airlines , worked with Priceline .
Amgen , based in Thousand Oaks , Calif. , said the acquisition would result in a one-time charge of $ 30 million , or 3 cents a share .
But executives at CNN emphasized that the chief executives at both AOL and Time Warner had given complete assurances that CNN 's journalistic mission would not be compromised .
RealNetworks began offering new digital media player software yesterday that plays music and video in all formats , including that of Microsoft , its main competitor .
Intel to Begin Shipping a 64-Bit Microprocessor It Developed With Hewlett-Packard
Broadcast and cable television was the biggest source of News Corporation 's growth in the quarter .
Everything , in the News Corporation 's view .
Stung after a major reversal by his superiors on the appeals court on a central issue in the Microsoft antitrust case nearly two years ago , Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson has responded in kind this week .
Analysts said that Corning has doubled its research and development budget over the last five years .
Home Depot has spread the 116 Olympic contenders among its 958 North American stores , where local managers enlist them to motivate employees and attract new ones .
Chubb says most of its policies will probably cost at least $ 1,000 , and many will probably run into multiple thousands of dollars for houses worth up to $ 15 million .
So far the syndication of that loan has gone slowly , one banking executive said , because J. P. Morgan and Citigroup have not yet received a business plan from Enron that they can show to the other lenders .
He saw the same kind of opportunity at Apple when Mr. Jobs approached him .
American Express Hotel Savings Plan
Revenue at AT & T Business , which sells a variety of Internet and voice services to companies , fell 1.6 percent , to $ 6.7 billion .
Microsoft has detailed instructions for backing up and editing the Windows Registry for Windows 95 , 98 and Me in Article No .
Both CBS and MSNBC had been under pressure from black leaders and women 's groups , then advertisers began abandoning the Imus program and its networks this week , pulling out the financial underpinnings from the show .
The commission says that while the three companies may have indeed been customers , they were also rivals and that it is illegal for a monopolist to exploit its market power to force them to cave into Intel 's patent demands .
Would n't it be delicious if Fox makes its approval contingent upon Time Warner adding the Fox News Channel to its New York City cable systems ?
Two scientists at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center have surveyed the behavior of anonymous music downloaders on the Internet and have found that , rather than demonstrating a ''from each , to each '' ethos , most Internet users are only taking files and not giving any back to their electronic community .
Time Warner 's decision to sell a minority stake in AOL is driven by its need to increase its sagging stock price , especially as it is being pressured to restructure itself by Carl C. Icahn , the activist investor , said Michael B. Nathanson , who follows Time Warner for Sanford C. Bernstein .
Mainstream marketers like DaimlerChrysler , General Motors , Mars , McDonald 's , PepsiCo , Pfizer and Visa have started buying significant commercial time on reality TV shows .
In Vermont , Verizon has broadband available on just 56 percent of its 330,000 lines , compared with 95 percent for most local phone companies , which receive substantial federal subsidies .
A spokesman for WPP , Kevin McCormack , referred questions to the Bank of America .
General Motors , the world 's largest auto company , announced details on Monday of a three-year blueprint to revive its fortunes , including 5,000 job cuts on top of 25,000 previously announced .
Or , as Intel 's marketing folks call it , the Pentium ! !
Neil B. Sweig , of Ryan , Beck & Company , said that the acquisition would hurt Johnson & Johnson 's earnings in the short term , but that both companies could benefit .
Kenneth Cassar of Nielssen//NetRatings reports that demand for advertising displayed on Internet search engines like Google and Yahoo alongside search results is growing far more quickly that supply of available advertising spots ; says search buys that make sense for advertisers today may not make sense in long term because prices will have risen too high ; says search engines will have to increase supply of ad spots in order to increase their revenues ; photo ( M )
It even led two Bank of America managers to croon about how they came together .
Last night , in reaction to the scandal , a Congressional conference committee voted to bar Boeing from leasing aerial refueling tankers to the Air Force , a $ 20 billion program championed by Ms. Druyun , and opened the contract to new bidders .
Mad Dogs and Englishmen ad agency is losing trade advertising duties for American account of The Economist magazine ; account , with billings estimated at $ 1 million to $ 2 million , is being consolidated at Weiss Stagliano Partners ; Mad Dog picks up ad duties for Time Warner Cable Group , Daily Deal , financial newspaper that American Lawyer Media Inc plans to start publishing in fall , and Vanishing Point , beauty services retailer ; accounts are estimated at $ 6 million ( Advertising column ) ( S )
AT & T had originally planned to spin off its cable business before Comcast shook up that plan last summer by making a hostile bid for the unit .
First , the bulls point to Cisco 's history .
Boeing plans to organize parts into three groups : those standard on every plane ; those fitting a defined set of options , like a particular type of jet engine , and those that are custom requests .
''Yahoo is n't the only alternative , '' said Emily Whitfield , a spokeswoman for the group .
But even Mr. Rowen , the analyst who downgraded Priceline 's stock , argues that selling $ 2 jars of peanut butter for $ 1.50 may just be smart .
The Amazon partnership would also require a significant amount of staff attention , these executives said , to ensure that Amazon maintained the retailers ' customer service standards .
Lois Boyle , president of J. Schmid & Associates , a catalog consulting firm in Shawnee Mission , Kan. , said eBay 's catalog effort could succeed , but not without overcoming some hurdles .
Mr. Smith said Speedera was outraged by the search and believed it to be related to a patent infringement lawsuit brought against Speedera by Akamai in February .
Yahoo announced later that it would more aggressively enforce its ban on hateful and racist material from its auction sites , but it said the move was not in response to the French legal proceedings .
The deal is the second step to expand Con Edison 's reach .
As part of the settlement , Microsoft will continue to ship Sun 's version .
Mr. Glaser acknowledged the company would not benefit directly from selling music at a loss , but he said that he believed that it would help force Apple to change its policy about licensing the iPod to play music from competitors .
There is no evidence in the record to support a de facto taking of these products and technologies , and if the Court intends to consider such draconian relief , Microsoft is entitled to address these new issues fully and deliberately .
Warren Jenson , Amazon 's chief financial officer , did say that the company expected to be profitable for the full year of 2002 .
But after leaving the Air Force in 2002 to work at Boeing , she was found to have illegally negotiated her Boeing job contract while still working at the Pentagon .
When a Microsoft lawyer submitted the brief Tuesday , a court clerk stopped him and then handed him the court order , which had already been entered .
But Ronald Woodard , the president of the Boeing Commercial Airplane Group , said that work would continue for several years on all four lines of Douglas jets and that no immediate layoffs were planned .
After months of attacks on the foundation that runs the state-owned Apollo Theater , Pataki administration officials said yesterday that they were seeking a resolution of the conflict in which United States Representative Charles B. Rangel would step down as chairman of the foundation and Time Warner Inc. would play a major role in revitalizing the Harlem landmark .
Wild Oats Markets may not become part of the natural foods empire of Whole Foods Market , after all .
Michigan 's Gov Jennifer M Granholm is courting Toyota Motors as General Motors and Ford Motor Co cut thousands of jobs , close plants and eliminate benefits of shrinking number of workers still employed in state that relies on auto industry ; Granholm , having landed $ 150 million Toyota design center earlier in year , has her eyes on potentially bigger prize : engine plant that Toyota may build in Midwest ; Michigan plant would take Toyota to center of American automotive heartland ; graph ; photo ( M )
Shares of Coca-Cola Enterprises tumbled 30 percent , or $ 6.9375 , to $ 15.625 , a 52-week low .
A spokeswoman for Coca-Cola , Polly Howes , said , ''Given the phenomenal success of Sprite , it 's not surprising that others would try to follow and capitalize on that . ''
In addition to opening the Citigroup investigation , the agency has issued its largest fine ever , 17 million ( $ 30.5 million ) , on the Royal Dutch/Shell Group .
Metro Briefing | New York : Moody 's Sees Clouded Outlook For Counties
''We are in the process of looking for a supplier for our next-generation backbone , '' said Gregg Atkins , a senior network engineer for Microsoft 's internal information technology group , referring to Microsoft 's core corporate network .
Those losses have included the accounts of advertisers like Bank of America and the Lowe 's Companies as well as parts of accounts of longtime Interpublic clients like General Motors , Nestl and Unilever .
Michael Masdea , semiconductor industry analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston , said Intel 's flash memory business was thriving in early 2002 , and the company had a market share of some 43 percent .
Earlier this month , I.B.M .
By merging outright , she said , Exxon and Mobil could cut their overhead costs in Japan and further reduce retail prices .
With the threat of daily fines of 2 million euros ( $ 2.4 million ) hanging over it , Microsoft is facing a new suit brought just before Christmas , when the commission accused the company of failing to honor the antitrust ruling made in March 2004 .
By driving a stake through the deal , MCI , the nation 's second-largest long- distance carrier , is now left without a wireless strategy at a time when companies like the AT & T Corporation and the regional telephone companies are racing to build big new cellular networks .
Its short format is now being widely imitated , and while the show was initially available only to a small audience , News Corporation executives said it got them thinking : How could Fox sell content to the widest possible mobile phone audience ?
Sold on eBay , Shipped by Amazon.com
The situation is further complicated by the fact that AOL Time Warner might be willing to pay a rich price for AT & T 's T.W.E .
AT & T , formerly known as SBC Communications , earned $ 1.66 billion , or 46 cents a share , in the quarter .
Mr. Pataki , a Republican who has pledged to leave a good environmental legacy in the state , said the deal with International Paper fulfilled several goals .
Strong Results For AT & T And BellSouth Ahead of Deal
Judge Kollar-Kotelly , of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia , acknowledged that problem when she thanked Microsoft and the Justice Department , joined by 18 states , for cooperating to file a joint status report .
Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock average hits 14-month high , helped by recommendation from Morgan Stanley that investors buy more shares ; index surges 2.2 percent , to 10,922 ( S )
And Comcast 's chief executive , Brian L. Roberts , has been every bit as determined as Mr. Eisner to build his company into a media powerhouse .
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley suffered steep drop-offs in their benchmark advisory businesses .
If the merger wins the approval of regulators and shareholders , Microsoft would have its most direct link yet into households across the United States .
In 1998 , eBay 's chief executive , Meg Whitman , changed the background color of the site 's home page from gray to white .
To increase the share of profits from its faster-growing wireless business , Verizon has been eager to buy the 45 percent of Verizon Wireless held by Vodafone .
But under relentless fire from many of the Internet 's most knowledgeable programmers , Microsoft backed down by Saturday night .
Mr. Kahl of CBS said : ''Nobody expected to be talking about 'Survivor 13 ' or 'Race No .
A state board formally approved a deal yesterday that would enable Goldman Sachs to revive its plan to build a $ 2 billion headquarters across the street from the World Trade Center site .
Yesterday 's ruling , in theory , could also affect Microsoft 's approach to other markets .
Comcast added 15,000 Internet phone customers , for a total of 22,000 , just a fraction of the more than 400,000 phone customers that Time Warner Cable and Cablevision each have already acquired .
But for Windows 95 consumers who have been waiting to upgrade , the Microsoft executive in charge of the company 's consumer operating systems said that the time was right .
John Chamberlain , a retail analyst with the debt rating service DBRS in Toronto , said that leading retailers in Europe had demonstrated that expanding beyond food is an effective tool for fending off Wal-Mart .
FedEx Corp will buy Kinko 's Inc , chain of copying centers , for $ 2.4 billion in cash , allowing it to expand its presence among small and midsize businesses that have been Kinko 's main customer base ; deal gives FedEx quick means for increasing its ground delivery business and source of revenue from creating documents as well as shipping them ; gives Kinko 's better entree into Fortune 500 corporations that have provided most of FedEx 's revenue and well-financed parent that has promised to help it expand rapidly overseas ; gives Clayton , Dubilier & Rice , private equity investment firm that owns about 75 percent of Kinko 's , long-delayed release from company it expected to take public years ago ; some analysts question deal ; photos ( M )
Unlike an automobile , where components are relatively fixed and separable , in the world of software the drawing of lines separating operating systems , applications and features is a maddening and frustrating exercise , one that has been the basis of much of Microsoft 's control over the industry .
In a conference call last week , Time Warner said that for the first time since the boom its backlog of long-term online advertising contracts had stopped declining , which means the new advertising revenue should begin to climb in the fourth quarter , helping its profits .
With the agreement , to be announced today , Coca-Cola becomes the second marketer after the Universal Pictures unit of Seagram to work with Replay TV , which along with a competitor , TiVo , is stirring concerns among advertisers because their services enable viewers to more easily skip commercials .
Finally , Microsoft used incentives and threats to induce especially important OEM 's to design their distributional , promotional and technical efforts to favor Internet Explorer to the exclusion of Navigator .
After proclaiming grand plans to bring elaborately produced sitcoms , talk shows and other television-style programs to the Internet , the head of Yahoo 's Media Group said yesterday that he was sharply scaling back those efforts .
Applying the authors ' estimate of the displaced sales effect to Amazon 's sales , it appears that only about 16 percent of the used book sales directly cannibalized new book sales , suggesting that Amazon 's used-book market added $ 63.2 million to its profits .
That could prove crucial for Advanced Micro Devices , which relies on I.B.M .
At around the time Mr. Walton was charged in the bidding case , he had started a business called HammerTap , which sold software allowing eBay auctioneers to manage their sales .
Agilent 's involves financing medical products , a deal that could pose a conflict because Tyco also sells medical supplies .
Waste Management Inc. , the troubled market leader in the garbage business , and USA Waste Services Inc. , a rapidly growing rival , announced an unusual merger today that values Waste Management at more than $ 13 billion and leaves its shareholders owning a majority of the stock but USA Waste 's top management in charge .
NPD Group reports price cuts for video game players by Sony and Microsoft spurred software sales to rise 12 percent in dollars in June from June 2003 ; sales of all video game products rose 2.5 percent ; table of top games ; photo ( S )
The company has made deals with pharmacy-benefit managers , like Express Scripts , that account for 60 percent of the nation 's population .
Success of Edgar Bronfman Jr 's deal to buy Warner Music from Time Warner for $ 2.6 billion hinges in large part on his conviction that embattled music industry can tame online piracy and reverse three-year sales slump ; Bronfman is betting on untested new Internet business , sale of music online ; unlike his earlier deal , when he sold his family 's Seagram liquor empire for shares of Vivendi , this time he has assembled well-healed cadre of investors that shore his vision , including group led by Thomas H Lee Partners ; Bronfman himself is expected to contribute $ 250 million to deal ; in wooing investors , he argued that online music piracy is already abating thanks to lawsuits by music industry and legal online music sales by companies like Apple Computer and Wal-Mart ; photo ( M )
While General Motors is not in the same situation as United Airlines , it has been struggling on many fronts , losing $ 1.4 billion and exhausting more than $ 3 billion of cash in the first half of this year .
Motorola , which is one of the first major technology companies to offer investors guidance on the economic outlook each quarter , announced plans yesterday for shedding 7,000 more jobs and quashed hopes on Wall Street that it was about to return to profitability .
Exxon to Abandon a Big Investment in Qatar
By contrast , Whole Foods , which was started in 1980 in Austin , Tex. , has 193 stores in the United States , Canada and Britain and had sales of $ 5.6 billion in 2006 .
Eighteen employees who recently left flagship New York office of Saatchi & Saatchi are expected to announce agreement to joint Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
The start of the trend back to central computing has already been rewarding for the established producers of ''big iron '' machines like Sun Microsystems Inc. , a leader in computers running the powerful Unix operating system , and I.B.M. , whose mainframes have been retooled as Internet servers .
Boeing might have had an edge in negotiations because AirTran was already using Boeing planes with some financing from Boeing , said Michael Allen , chief operating officer for Back Aviation Solutions , an airline consulting company in Connecticut .
Shares of Pfizer , the world 's biggest drug company , closed up more than 2 percent yesterday in the United States after the verdict was announced .
Indeed , in a statement , Craig R. Barrett , Intel 's chief , said , ''We are confident in our business strategy and competitive position . ''
Investigators have learned that two offshore insurers that appeared to have no affiliation with American International Group were secretly backed by the global insurance giant through complex agreements , according to people who were briefed on the matter .
Comercial Mexicana , in contrast , has shifted to Wal-Mart 's approach , managing to lower its prices to compete directly .
But the eager and the brave can check it out ( www.microsoft.com/windows/ promo/win98preview3 ) .
In March , Xerox announced an alliance with the Sharp Corporation and with FujiXerox , a joint venture with the Fuji Photo Film Company , to make inexpensive ink jet printers .
HarperCollins , the publishing unit of the News Corporation , did cancel a book by the last British governor in Hong Kong , Chris Patten , in 1998 .
Correction of Sept 3 article about Vivendi Universal 's agreement to enter exclusive negotiations with General Electric on merger of entertainment assets regarding parent of one channel mentioned
But analysts said that , unlike Aetna , other H.M.O .
American Airlines was absorbing the fees in some competitive markets and passing them on in others , while other competitors had not yet clearly signaled their intentions , he said .
Looking ahead , Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's chief financial officer , said the company expected revenue of about $ 2.1 billion in its fourth quarter and earnings of 16 to 17 cents a share .
A Founder Quits Firm To Work for Coca-Cola
Corning 's shares which had nearly doubled in the last year , tumbled on news of the talks with Nortel , first reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal .
Apple did not disclose its plans for the investment .
One idea would be to force Microsoft to publish the secret , proprietary source code that makes up the Windows operating system .
In September , the agency turned down two drugs from Pfizer , a painkiller and an osteoporosis medicine .
Chicago Climate Exchange , start-up venture hoping to create market for member companies and governments to trade rights to emit gases associated with global warming , gets off to ambiguous start with auction that lays groundwork for trading to begin Oct 31 ; prices paid by companies like Ford Motor Co , DuPont and American Electric Power for carbon dioxide emissions average less than $ 1 per metric ton , one-tenth price of over-the-counter trades of carbon dioxide emissions allowances in Europe ; experts have several possible explanations for pricing , saying that it will take many months to know if low prices reflect traditionally cautious view that traders take toward new financial products , or justifiably optimistic disagreement with Europe over cost of reducing emissions , or flaws in concept of exchange ( M )
The Microsoft suits , filed in Washington State court , claim each group sent deceptive junk e-mail messages , known as spam , that violated federal and state antispam laws and flooded users of its MSN Hotmail service .
Pfizer had planned to use the meeting with analysts yesterday to ward off concerns that its bounty of drugs under development trailed that of many of their competitors .
In a report yesterday , Lauren Rich Fine , the advertising analyst for Merrill Lynch , wrote that she believed that ''a sale of the company does not make sense '' for reasons that included her doubt that Interpublic could be sold for a price ''above or equal '' to where its stock is trading .
THE term ''b-to-b '' usually means business-to-business , but an aggressive campaign for I.B.M .
The company said the new process , which will run parallel to Intel 's current manufacturing process , would produce chips that can reduce power ''leakage , '' or battery life drain , to as little as one-thousandth of current levels .
Mr. Parker had done legal work for the chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , an Intel competitor , before joining the Government .
Conceding that its merchandise was not resonating with consumers , Gap began a hiatus from TV advertising during the 2005 holiday season , abandoning a tool that helped the company turn fashion basics into sex symbols .
Mr. Jones said the acquisition would allow Nike to try a ''buy rather than build '' strategy and to develop leisure shoes separately from the hard-core Nike sports image .
''They Got Game : The Stars of the World Series of Video Games Presented by Intel , '' is the pinnacle of 20 hours of television programming about the event that is being shown across several Viacom outlets , including MTV and College Sports Television .
Boeing and the airlines have intensively inspected the oldest planes for signs of trouble and made fixes as needed , he said .
In his ruling , the judge also used details from the trial to show how Don Tyson , the senior chairman at Tyson Foods , and the father of the chief executive , John Tyson , led the effort to scuttle the merger .
Tomorrow , Apple 's best-selling chrome-and-white iPod music player will go on sale in three revamped models , with a 10- , 15- or 30-gigabyte hard drive inside ( for $ 300 , $ 400 or $ 500 , respectively ) .
Even now , financial analysts said , while the company has at least temporarily stanched the financial hemorrhaging , Apple 's recovery is far from complete .
The chief executive of Procter & Gamble , the consumer products giant , resigned yesterday as the company announced it would suffer another disappointing quarter and its stock price fell to less than half of what it was worth just four months ago .
Antitrust Cases Illuminate Tangled Ties Atop the PC Industry ; U.S. and Intel at Odds Over Issue That Raises Question of Law 's Limit
Mr. Kelly added that I.B.M .
''Would any of you be here if it was n't for Microsoft ? ''
Nordstrom 's debt is puny by industry standards , and the company has enough capital muscle to buy back its stock .
Seat pitch is an airline decision , not a decision of Airbus or Boeing , but some analysts see signs that the airlines are beginning to compete on that basis , reversing the trend of minimizing costs , and comforts , too , that began with deregulation in 1978 .
Hasbro Combines Units After Interest in Some Toys Falls
''The only way I can get close is to value the staples.com biz based on the amount of contribution to revenue of the combined company . ''
In addition , Mr. Rosen said , the Microsoft team suggested that licensing Netscape 's browser technology for ''the non-Windows platforms might be a reasonable part of a larger strategic relationship . ''
While it would not comment on the actions in the video , or even say when the event took place , a spokeswoman did say , ''Microsoft employees love how excited Steve is about the company and the software industry .
Apple tends to sell lower-margin computers to school districts in the third quarter , and component prices are also expected to be higher , he said .
Federal prosecutors were briefed last Tuesday on the Apple board 's findings by legal representatives for the company , according to a person who had been briefed on the situation .
chairman and chief executive , said yesterday that General Motors wanted instead to be a company that assembles and markets cars , but does not necessarily make a large proportion of the parts inside .
''Performance over the last year has been very strong , '' she added , referring to steps taken at Interpublic to reduce debt , sell noncore assets and coax clients to do more business with its agencies .
The Amazon.com agency is the San Francisco office of FCB Worldwide , part of True North Communications , which did not work with Goodby , Silverstein in creating the co-marketing campaign .
Time Warner Cable names Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide as agency of record on its account , which had been handled by various agencies on project basis ( S )
And yesterday , Entergy offered its bluntest statement about its interest in the troubled Indian Point 2 plant , which had a radiation leak last month at its Hudson River site , about 35 miles north of New York City .
Yahoo Inc says third-quarter profit more than doubled and that biggest and fastest-growing driver of revenue andprofit was advertising , not fees ; revenue was $ 356.8 million , up 43 percent ; profit grew far faster than revenue , largely because its costs increased only 25 percent ; fastest-growing segment was what it calls marketing services -- essentially advertising -- with revenue of $ 245.1 million , up 48 percent ; revenue from fee-based services was $ 79.4 million , up 38 percent ; photo ( M )
Inktomi and Akamai , leaders in Web-performance industry , are taking different approaches to technology of speeding Internet transmissions and to how they should be paid for services ; Inktomi , with America Online as trophy client , aims to make Web traffic flow faster by storing or 'caching ' most frequently requested data on network server computers nearest to people who request it ; Akamai , with Yahoo among big clients , uses content distribution technique , with only first request going to Yahoo 's main server and balance of page delivered from Akamai server with best link to user ; diagram ; graphs and tables of corporate data ; photos ( M )
General Electric Announces Latest Round of Promotions
Since 2003 , Wayport has offered wireless Internet connections in about 300 McDonald 's restaurants in a test program .
Comcast and Cox did not return calls for comment .
By now , there are no new points or themes from either side in the Microsoft antitrust suit , which was filed in May 1998 .
A specialist on executive leadership said that even with the departure of Mr. Bell , little change was expected in McDonald 's direction .
''Kodak 's introduction of new products has not been timely enough . ''
Mr. LeMay , who returned to Sprint , the telecommunications giant , has not discussed his about-face , but others have attributed it to his discovery that Waste Management 's problems ran deeper than he expected .
''It 's a market dominated by Electronic Arts . ''
Sales in the cellular phone unit , its largest business , climbed 5 percent , to $ 2.6 billion , and Motorola forecast further growth the next two quarters .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter has decided to sell access to research by its top-ranked team of stock analysts to customers of its Internet service , Discover Brokerage Direct .
To encourage such sales , Microsoft has joined with Samsung in a cross-promotional scheme , displaying Xbox 360 games on Samsung HDTV 's in 25,000 retail outlets worldwide .
Although Apple 's loyal user base has often buffered it from the seasonal swings of the broader personal computer industry , analysts said the company was not immune to the global slowdown affecting the business this quarter .
''Because it 's New York , and because Citigroup is such an enormous business in the New York area , it 's a perfect marriage for the New York Mets , '' said David Bialek , president at the ANC Sports Marketing division of ANC Sports Enterprises in Purchase , N.Y .
The losses from extraordinary items were largely attributable to the rollout of digital services of the News Corporation 's satellite television company British Sky Broadcasting .
Three 737 's built for Indonesia 's state airline , Garuda Indonesia , are parked at Boeing 's factory in Seattle because the carrier has not been able to make the final payments .
Microsoft 's share of the market , which was zero a year ago , is now believed to be about 10 percent and rising .
McCann has also handled Bextra , a Pfizer drug for arthritis , for almost a year .
''This is a bit of a break for Wells Fargo , but it 's just a function of them being opportunistic , '' Mr. Ryan said .
Intel executives also said they had no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions .
Formal Inquiry Begins in a Simmering Boeing-Airbus Dispute
Merck faces lawsuits from almost 12,000 people who contend that they or their family members were hurt or killed by Vioxx .
The union , which represents 22,000 engineers and technical workers at Boeing , has demanded guaranteed wage increases and a bonus plan similar to the one that the company granted last year to its machinists .
Mr. Gutirrez refused to say whether Microsoft would consider completely untying Media Player from Windows to address the European Commission 's concerns .
BuySafe 's chief executive , Jeff Grass , said the program was aimed not at casual eBay sellers , but the site 's so-called power sellers -- those who sell more than $ 1,000 in merchandise monthly .
Moody 's Investors Service downgrades Connecticut 's bond rating to Aa3 , citing revenue decline , lack of reserves and high debt levels ; Gov John G Rowland says mild dip was expected and blames Democratic-controlled Assembly 's failure to pass budget ; Democrats say rating has little to do with budget , and Moody 's analyst agrees ( M )
Correction : April 13 , 1999 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday about Microsoft 's plan to deliver music files over the Internet misstated the amount the company invested recently in Reciprocal Inc. , a maker of technology to protect digital copyrights .
Amazon.com said in a statement yesterday that it ''remains confident that its 1-Click patent is valid . ''
While he may have left , Mr. Roberts still echoes the Microsoft marketing message .
Exxon Mobil said it was taking steps to minimize emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from its operations .
Mr. Murdoch addressed such concerns directly in his letter , as he did in an earlier missive to the family , presenting himself and the family as products of the same newspaper traditions .
Mr. Parsons indicated that amid pressure from Carl C. Icahn , the financier and Time Warner shareholder , he was ''looking real hard '' at moves like buying back more stock and increasing the dividend .
Still , yesterday 's announcement does little to improve Pfizer 's credibility at a time when some investors want the company to be more forthcoming about its plan to cut $ 4 billion , or 12 percent , of its annual costs by 2008 .
This time , many analysts gave Xerox management high marks for maintaining research spending even as it cut other costs , for introducing new color copiers and filling in gaps in its line of black and white machines , for starting to rebuild its sales force and for making good on promises to farm out manufacturing and to get out of businesses that it could no longer afford to support .
Keith Anderson , a spokesman for the insurance subsidiaries of Citigroup , declined to comment .
With the acquisition , Johnson & Johnson will get Centocor 's anti-clotting drug Reopro -- with half of the profits going to Eli Lilly -- and Remicade , a treatment for Crohn 's disease .
Nike tested the theory by having a group of students at the German Sports University in Cologne run warm-ups for six months in the Frees .
Executives briefed on the conversations , though , said that the group included Citigroup , Wachovia and Bank One .
Sony and Casio introduce hand-held computers with color screens , Sony 's running on Palm operating system and Casio 's running on Microsoft 's Pocket PC operating system ; photos ( S )
Under the agreement , ConocoPhillips can raise its stake to 20 percent .
In time , the goal is to wire the city 's biggest apartment buildings so that Verizon can reach hundreds and possibly thousands of customers at a time .
Just let me tell you , I 've started to use only my American Express card after Ken made that commitment , and I urge you to do it , too . ''
Microsoft showed today , for example , how an XML program could be added to calendar software so that it not only alerts the user of his anniversary , but also links to shopping software that includes his wife 's gift preferences and favorite stores .
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that it had reached a tentative settlement with several black employees who sued the company 14 months ago , contending that they were denied promotions , raises and other opportunities because of the color of their skin .
A purchase of Scientific-Atlanta would be a coming-out party of sorts for Cisco as a more consumer-oriented company .
Mr. Powell is seen as favoring increased competition in the communications industry , a potential advantage to local phone companies like Verizon , which was formed by Bell Atlantic 's takeover of GTE last year .
Keep it Kodak . ''
But any relief investors might take from the earnings was muted by I.B.M .
And the company 's strategy of growing through relentless store openings -- about 300 a year for the last decade -- has begun to hurt the retailer as much as help it by siphoning away sales from other Wal-Marts nearby .
And while Verizon may have distanced itself from Akon , it has not severed the connection completely : Ms. Stefani 's tour , with Akon , is set to hit four Verizon Wireless-branded theaters during the rest of the American segment of her tour , which runs through June .
Not everyone at Aon was O.K .
Life after Sergio will certainly have a more local orientation in terms of how Coca-Cola tries to sell soda than during the tenure of Mr. Zyman , a hard-charging , larger-than-life executive who liked to think in expansive , big-picture visions .
Lisa O'Malley , Creative Technologies ' senior brand manager for portable media players , said that Apple outmaneuvered Creative and other competitors by cornering the supply of a hard drive that was smaller than the 2.5-inch drive Creative had chosen for a later , smaller version of the Nomad .
Apple 's iPhone does not have mechanical keyboard ; device sports only one mechanical button , to return user to home screen ; it echoes Apple chief executive Stephen P Jobs 's decree two decades ago that computer mouse should have single button ; his argument was that one button ensured that it would be impossible to push wrong button ; lack of keyboard has permitted iPhone to have 3.5-inch screen ; big screen makes phone attractive for alternative uses like watching movies and that could open up new revenue streams for Apple and its partner AT & T ; downside is that typing is done by pecking on screen with thumbs or fingers , something hardly anyone outside of Apple has experienced yet ; chart ( M )
George Gilder , publisher of a widely followed Silicon Valley technology report , proclaimed less cautiously in February that the BlueArc ''revolution '' could take a bite out of not just the leading storage vendors but also companies like Cisco Systems , Alteon and Extreme Networks that sell gear to balance loads on storage networks .
General Motors will begin a review for its advertising aimed at Asian-American consumers , which had been handled by Innovasia in Los Angeles .
Burton Greenwald , a mutual fund industry consultant based in Philadelphia , said Morgan Stanley funds might be tainted by their association with Dean Witter .
Richard D. Fain , the chief executive of Royal Caribbean , which is based in Miami , said in a statement that Carnival was ''trying to distract from and delay '' its merger with P & O Princess .
She said she could understand how the remedy could extend to Microsoft 's treatment of competing network server software and Web services .
The Ford Motor Company reported better-than-expected second-quarter earnings today and a return to profitability after four quarters in the red .
But Jim Irvine , an official of the union that represents about a third of AT & T 's workers , was rather confident yesterday about the future for his union 's workers .
U.S. V. MICROSOFT : THE OVERVIEW
Delphi , auto parts supplier , is prepared to file for bankruptcy within days , as its chief executive of three months , Robert S Miller , has threatened to do unless General Motors , its former parent , and United Automobile Workers union agree to what would be multibillion-dollar bailout ; bankruptcy filing would be painful for GM because it agreed under terms of spinoff to provide medical and pension benefits to Delphi retirees if company went bankrupt before 2007 ( M )
Lawyers for four black employees at the Coca-Cola Company filed a motion yesterday that included invoices from a Staples store in Atlanta , showing that someone at Coke had ordered a shredding machine in late April , after a discrimination lawsuit was filed .
Microsoft executives said the memorandum resembled previous broadsides that have been fired off by Mr. Gates , the company 's co-founder and chairman , when he thought that the company 's strategic direction needed radical changes .
Microsoft Corp announces 10 new wireless home networking products ( S )
Two of Citigroup 's most senior investment bankers , Robert K. DiFazio and Arthur D. Hyde III , have been removed from their positions , the company said yesterday , hinting at what might be a fresh round of high-level management changes amid a barren deal-making environment and increased levels of regulatory scrutiny .
Procter & Gamble is launching multimillion-dollar promotional campaign in effort to increase ratings for television soap operas As the World Turns and Guiding Light ; company will sponsor Daytime Dollars watch-and-win loyalty rewards program involving four agencies owned by Publicis Groupe ; promotion follows growth of company loyalty promotions as well as increasing use of new media by packaged-goods marketers ; promotion is intended to address significant loss of viewers of daytime dramas in past decade ; photo ( M )
For G.M. , because News Corporation has no satellite television operation in the United States , it is a much safer buyer , from a regulatory standpoint .
American department stores are staging comeback after four decades of decline ; over last 12 months , sales at department stores open at least year have grown 4.1 percent , compared with 1.3 percent increase at specialty apparel chains like Gap and Limited , whose emergence over last 30 years forced many regional department stores to shut or be sold to competitors ; gap is expected to grow even wider this holiday season ; resurgence of department store is attributed to well-laid plans at chains like Kohl 's , Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's , Nordstrom and Saks to develop stronger store clothing brands , carry higher fashions and to tidy up cluttered aisles and grimy restrooms ; many shoppers were up for grabs following two megamergers -- between Sears and Kmart and Federated and May department stores ; also , consumer tastes have evolved away from basic apparel at chains like Old Navy toward name-brand clothing and accessories , just the merchandise department stores have sold for years ; photos ; graph ( M )
Since June 22 , Chevron had been resisting such a move , arguing that its original offer of $ 16.8 billion for Unocal had a much better chance of acceptance than Cnooc 's higher bid of $ 18.5 billion .
Another $ 1.5 billion would go to Comcast , since Mediaone has already agreed to pay Comcast $ 1.5 billion in breakup fees if it terminates their deal .
In addition to the job cuts , Mr. Peck said Intel would make a number of strategic moves that would have been unthinkable only a year ago , including separating its product line into a clearly delineated low end and high end , advertising heavily and , above all , lowering prices .
Johnson & Johnson fell $ 1.19 , to $ 90.84 .
To correct that violation , Halliburton paid back $ 191,013 to the affected people in March 2004 .
And what about Comcast ?
After 137 years as an independent firm and 7 years as a public company , Goldman Sachs exudes mystique as no other firm does .
Jean-Jacques Gomez , a judge in Paris , dismissed Yahoo 's defenses , and gave the company three months to find ways to prevent Web users in this country from gaining access to Web sites through Yahoo 's American portal , www.yahoo.com , that sell Nazi paraphernalia like uniforms and weapons .
Wal-Mart , concerned about its public image , is using a consultant to analyze that image and has commissioned radio and television ads to try to reverse criticism from local officials , consumers and others .
1993 -- ''Always Coca-Cola . ''
It will function as a traditional credit card and will double as a rechargeable Starbucks store card , allowing customers to prepay for purchases by loading money onto the card .
Microsoft Corp plans to spend $ 80 million to set up research laboratory in Cambridge , Eng , in collaboration with Cambridge University ; will also invest $ 16 million in venture fund to back technology start-ups in area ; lab will be headed by Prof Roger Needham , computer systems research pioneer , and eventually employ 40 research fellows , mostly from Europe ; photo ( M )
Reinsurers that do most or all of their business with American International Group include two companies in Bermuda , Stockton Reinsurance and Western General Insurance , according to the most recent figures compiled by ScheduleF.com , a research firm that is a collaboration of the Reinsurance Association of America and Specialty Insurance Research , a unit of Dowling & Partners .
Microsoft says that these files -- called dynamic linked libraries -- are part of Internet Explorer because they offer browser functions .
For the moment , Microsoft is ordered to do its best to run both the operating systems end of its business and the applications branch at a profit , and to support research and development for both .
Comcast manages E !
PepsiCo complained to French competition authorities in 1998 about Coca-Cola 's offer for Orangina , starting a regulatory chain reaction .
Dr. Kaplan said his goal was to examine such topics from every angle , eventually producing everything from Congressional testimony to discussions on the Lear Center 's new Web site , entertainment.usc.edu .
Critics said VeriSign had closed the list because it served as a forum for complaints about the company , based in Mountain View , Calif. Brian O'Shaughnessy , a VeriSign spokesman , said the company closed the list not because of criticism but because it had become redundant in view of the numerous other discussion forums .
Merck , whose internal drug development efforts have suffered setbacks lately , has become more aggressive in licensing experimental drugs from other companies .
Traders said that better-than-expected results earlier in the day from NCR and Tandem Computer had encouraged belief that I.B.M. , too , might deliver a surprise .
General Motors reported its third consecutive losing quarter on Wednesday as surging sales in June did not translate into profits .
But last week , the District Attorney 's office said it was dropping all charges against Mr. Curry and instead was making both Morgan Stanley and Mr. Luethke subjects of the investigation .
Photo of Tom Joyner , leading personality in urban radio , who has reached multimillion-dollar agreement with Procter & Gamble as part of company 's effort to give higher priority to advertising aimed at black consumers
Wal-Mart also said it would expand the use of in-store clinics to treat employees and nonemployees .
And after one meeting with Microsoft executives , Gerald Holzhammer , an Intel executive , reported in an E-mail , ''They are upset with us being in 'their ' operating system space . ''
David Netto used much of his own furniture for the nursery and spent less than 40 percent of his $ 10,000 eBay budget .
Legendary investor Warren E Buffett is in unfamiliar position of having to defend integrity of his Berkshire Hathaway , one of world 's largest and most successful insurers ; investigators around world probe whether company 's General Re Corp and other of it insurance units were involved in possible financial manipulation at insurance giants like American International Group and Zurich Financial Services Group and whether Buffett or other Berkshire executives in United States were aware of deals ; Australian investigators say they have traced many transactions suspected of contributing to collapse four years ago of Australian insurance company HIH to Berkshire unit in Dublin , where at least two Berkshire executives recently banned from Australian insurance market for abusive practices continue to work ; photos ( M )
Yesterday 's review was complicated by the fact that the trial data was based on a slightly different form of the device than the one for which Medtronic is seeking approval .
True North had been in on-again , off-again talks with Interpublic for more than three months , as negotiations also started and stopped with WPP and another giant marketing communications company , Havas Advertising in Paris .
When the suit was filed , Citigroup said it already was addressing the commission 's complaints with a broad set of changes it was making to Associates ' practices and by suspending its relationships with about 1,000 mortgage brokers for various reasons .
Intel insists that its hardball tactics were in pursuit of business objectives that were perfectly legitimate .
Microsoft has not said when Longhorn will be ready , but it is not expected to be shipped until late 1995 or 1996 .
Marriott International operates and franchises hotels .
The down side is that Aetna will be so big that a serious misstep could sour investors on the whole managed care industry .
But News Corporation also faced resistance from the cable industry and was having a tough time finding support in Washington .
Sales executives from Airbus and Boeing Co have been meeting with AirTran Airways to try to land what could be one of largest aircraft orders this year ; AirTran 's marketing director Tad Hutcheson says order , for 100 planes , is valued at several billion dollars and will be announced this summer ( M )
The Air Force also stripped Boeing of $ 1 billion in rocket contracts .
Microsoft Warns Europeans New System Could Be Delayed
Mr. Bayer , who was trained as a physicist and works in a cramped office with six computers and a small statue of the cartoon character Dilbert , said that Microsoft had already been finding its way toward improving its security when the worms hit last year .
Merck shares fell another 6 cents yesterday , closing at $ 27.77 .
has never bought a single engine from Cummins .
Although he emerged as a top figure at AT & T in the last decade , Mr. Kavner recently suffered a setback within the company .
The Invesco Funds Group and an affiliate , AIM Advisors , agreed on Tuesday to a $ 450 million settlement with regulators , who accused the companies of improperly allowing favored investors to rapidly trade in and out of their funds .
The ratings on CBS 's prime-time shows could also slip , as network television 's audience slowly drifts away to the Internet and other forms of entertainment .
Market Place column on outlook for American International Group stock in light of AIG 's refusal to settle with Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission in case involving transactions AIG unit arranged to strengthen appearance of PNC Financial Service Group unit 's financial statement ; some analysts say AIG believes it properly followed accounting rules and may be willing to fight for years to defend its reputation ( M )
Toward the end of the trial , with Microsoft 's defense in disarray , the judge grew ever more abrupt .
Netscape makes a browser , the software used to navigate the World Wide Web , that is the principal competition to Microsoft 's browser , and Microsoft 's many-faceted effort to win the competition with Netscape is the central focus of the antitrust case .
Neither Mr. Coughlin nor a representative for Wal-Mart returned phone messages yesterday .
Study Says ChevronTexaco Evaded Taxes In Price Scheme
Intel Corp executive vice president , Paul S Otellini , says faster computer chips will help increase computer sales , speech to hardware and software developers one day after Intel introduces Pentium 4 processor , San Jose ; acknowledges that rapidly increasing 'clock speed ' of company 's computer chips will not be enough to spur sluggish computer industry ; Microsoft Corp vice president , Jim Allchin , says he expects Windows XP , newest operating system , which goes on sale in September , to spur demand ( M )
A year ago , Amazon promised investors that it would show a pro forma operating profit for the fourth quarter of 2001 .
The deal will enable Wells Fargo , the nation 's seventh-largest banking company , to build its presence in Utah , one of the fastest-growing states in the West .
So I found the file on my computer where cookies are stored and deleted those that seemed to relate to Amazon.com .
Yahoo said it now had 40 million users outside the United States , and page views for Yahoo Japan tripled to 39 million in December 1999 .
Wal-Mart offers a limited selection of groceries at some of its regular discount stores and a full grocery selection at its giant supercenters , which have performed particularly well .
But the General Motors Corporation 's redesigned Chevrolet Suburban and GMC Yukon XL posted sharp increases .
Survey commissioned by Avis Rent a Car and Motorola finds about two-thirds of business travelers who rent cars say they expect to get lost while driving in certain cities ; 10 urban areas most difficult to navigate noted ; ATA Airlines and AirTran Airways are among discount carriers that are starting to stress premium-class service ; Edward M Bolen is named president and chief executive of National Business Aviation Association , suceeding Shelley A Longmuir , who resigned ; Delta AirElite Business Jets , subsidiary that provides business-jet charter services for Delta Air Lines , has added Gulfstream G550 to its fleet of more than 400 aircraft ; Marriott International says its Fairfield Inn chain is offering free high-speed Internet access ; photo ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
The Interbrand Group in New York , a brand and corporate identity consulting company owned by the Omnicom Group , is starting a foundation to help charitable and social welfare organizations raise their public profiles and improve their fund-raising .
A Pepsi spokeswoman , Nicole Bradley , said that if the test of Slice One in Wal-Mart was successful , the soda would be sold by other retailers .
The company also said that manufacturers could remove the browser from more recent versions , but Microsoft said that would cripple the Windows program .
This would prevent Microsoft from using Windows pricing to punish manufacturers who do not favor Microsoft products , a strategy that Microsoft also denies practicing .
Intel said today that profit margins would improve about 2 points from the 49 percent it reported in the second quarter .
The device , which is available online and at retailers like Wal-Mart for about $ 150 , uses the Global Positioning System to measure pace , location and distance covered .
Tom Schoewe , Wal-Mart 's chief financial officer , said that earnings should come in within the range projected earlier : between 73 and 75 cents a share for the quarter that ends in January .
Jim Allchin , the senior Microsoft executive in charge of Windows , pronounced Vista ''rock solid '' and ''ready to ship . ''
Communications Workers of America , Verizon 's largest union , takes more negative tone about contract talks , citing company 's demand for power to dismiss workers at will , other unresolved issues ; union and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers say strike is still possible ; Verizon sees progress in talks ( M )
Patricia E. Yarrington , ChevronTexaco 's vice president for public and government affairs , said in a statement , ''As our business has evolved , we believe it is important to focus more of our resources directly with the countries and markets where we do business . ''
Texas Instruments , as expected , has begun taking bids for its defense unit , those familiar with its strategy said .
The Coca-Cola Company , breaking ranks with the vast majority of American companies , said yesterday that it would change its accounting so that its earnings reflect the value of the stock options it grants to executives and other employees .
''It is not Royal Caribbean 's style to make ultimatums , '' Richard D. Fain , Royal Caribbean 's chief executive , said in the letter , ''but it is important for me to point out that approval of our combination on Feb. 14 , by both sets of shareholders , is crucial . ''
Justices Agree to Consider EBay Appeal in Patent Case
Microsoft , which is based in Redmond , Wash. , said its revenue reached $ 7.25 billion for its third quarter ended March 31 , up 13 percent from $ 6.4 billion for the quarter last year .
On Tuesday night , after the final details of the Microsoft-Apple deal were hammered out , Mr. Jobs called Mr. Gates at Microsoft headquarters in Seattle .
Mr. Urowsky responded that Microsoft sells dozens of stand-alone programs , including Word , the word processor .
The Goodyear tires under investigation are bigger than the ones being sold as replacements for recalled Firestone tires on Explorers .
In announcing the deal with Universal , Microsoft said it would now offer similar royalty deals to the rest of the industry .
Many big investment banks have Chinese-born , Western-educated bankers heading their operations or playing crucial roles in China ; these bankers are some of most powerful deal makers in China , group of rich and politically astute investment bankers who are helping transform China 's economy and restructuring some of its biggest corporations ; every major investment bank now has a Chinese-born star banker ; Goldman Sachs has Fang Fenglei ; Merrill Lynch has Erhfei Liu ; Morgan Stanley has Jonathan Zhu ; J P Morgan has Charles Li , and Citigroup has Wei Christianson ; photos ( M )
Still , many of these are fields in which I.B.M .
A spokesman , Peter Thonis , declined to say whether Verizon would again increase its offer .
Coca-Cola executives are scheduled to meet with the Belgian health ministry today to discuss their findings and to ask for approval to resume selling Coke products in Belgium .
A.M. Sacconaghi Jr. , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , said I.B.M .
In doing so , Microsoft is treading on ground that has swallowed many other companies , and one that Google has also recently begun to explore .
Mr. Otellini said Intel expects no shortages of D-RAM 's as it increases production of the Pentium 4 .
By 2008 , Shell and Exxon should also be pumping a total of 550,000 barrels of oil a day into tankers , placing 10 percent of Russia 's overall oil production onto Pacific waters and the international spot market .
Morgan Stanley plans to introduce its new integrated platform today .
And within those businesses are numerous subcomponents , making Agilent a company with many product lines , from parts used in optical computer mice , to equipment used in the human genome project , to equipment for building wireless networks .
But in China , where displaying his image would truly reflect Apple 's slogan , ''Think Different , '' the company backs down .
At the height of the Boeing boom , he thought of taking training course that would have allowed him get on at the company .
Texas Instruments shares fell $ 2.75 today , or 3.3 percent , to $ 80.50 .
At Time Warner , it 's driven by the editors , who are thinking of the end user . ''
Last week , Washington became the last state to approve Verizon 's $ 8.4 billion purchase of MCI , which clears the way for Verizon to absorb the country 's second-biggest long-distance carrier in early January .
Amgen rose $ 1.46 , to $ 59.55 , a sign that investors favor the acquisition .
Mr. Reed 's planned retirement , which will leave Sanford I. Weill , 66 , as sole chief executive of Citigroup , generated wide-ranging speculation about who would emerge as Mr. Weill 's eventual successor .
And Xerox 's auditors , KPMG , have refused to sign off on Xerox 's 10-K statement until they take a closer look at all the numbers .
Bank One Corp hires Heidi G Miller , one of most prominent women on Wall Street until she left to join Priceline.com , to manage its strategy and development ; Miller was Citigroup 's chief financial officer until two years ago ; Miller comments ; photo ( M )
''There 's really a lack of clarity of whether it was all Firestone 's fault or whether it was really a little of Ford 's fault and a little of Firestone 's fault , '' said Clive Chajet , an advertising consultant in New York .
Videophone 2500 is A.T. & T. 's first such device since its abortive $ 500 million bid to introduce Picturephone in the early 1970 's .
Intel , of Santa Clara , Calif. , has more than 80 percent of the unit sales and 90 percent of the revenues in the market for so-called x86 microprocessors .
Last year , Goodyear 's chief executive , Samir G. Gibara , told investors that he would add $ 10 billion to Goodyear 's revenue by 2003 .
Halliburton 's contract calls for the government to cover costs and pay a profit margin of 2 percent to 7 percent , which would bring the price of gasoline to $ 1.62 to $ 1.70 a gallon .
Now the biggest debate at Disney is not over whether Comcast , the giant cable operator , will own the company but whether Michael D. Eisner , the chairman and chief executive , should be allowed to keep both titles .
Toys 'R ' US accuses Amazon.com of breaking contract that gave Toys 'R ' Us right to be exclusive toy and game seller on Amazon 's site ; Amazon says suit is without merit ; Amazon and Toys 'R ' Us formed joint venture in August 2000 in which Toys 'R ' Us would become exclusive seller of most toys , games and baby products on Amazon 's site ; under contract with Amazon , Toys 'R ' Us agreed to pay $ 50 million per year for 10 years for exclusivity provision , which had few exceptions , as well as percentage of Toys 'R ' Us sales on Amazon site ; Amazon has shifted its business model away from such exclusive arrangements in favor of having multiple merchants offering same products , often at different prices ( M )
Coke May Want to Review Its Procter & Gamble Deal
Comcast has 5.6 million cable subscribers , primarily along the Northeast Corridor from Baltimore through Washington , Delaware , Philadelphia , New Jersey and Connecticut .
Noting that Oracle 's second-quarter sales in the United States , Canada and Latin America had fallen $ 50 million below his own estimate , Mr. Readerman said , ''The Americas was a larger revenue miss than Asia . ''
Exxon Mobil is one of the country 's biggest oil producers .
Following other major American companies that have set their sights on India 's potentially huge markets , the AT & T Corporation said today that it would seek a share in the $ 7.5 billion expansion of India 's creaky telephone system .
Carnival has not outlined potential savings because it has not had access to the P & O Princess books .
Oracle had sued PeopleSoft in Delaware to force it to remove its poison pill provision , which would make a hostile acquisition prohibitively expensive .
Acer already makes notebook computers sold under the Texas Instruments name .
Now the first results of Dr. Zhang 's efforts are scheduled to be unveiled at a conference May 9-10 in Las Vegas at which Microsoft plans to introduce the next version of its Windows Mobile software , code-named Magneto , with new productivity and multimedia features .
McDonald 's Said to Weigh An Arches-Only Strategy
Mr. Glaser has recently tried to act as a neutral broker in the competition between different hardware standards , while Mr. Jobs has been pursuing a more proprietary approach , making digital music from Apple 's iTunes store playable only on iPod .
Correction : January 26 , 2001 , Friday A front-page article yesterday about efforts by the Monsanto Company to influence government regulation of genetically engineered foods misstated the publication date of an essay by the company 's former chief executive , Robert Shapiro , that acknowledged strategic errors by the company .
Mr. Murdoch had agreed to participate in an earlier plan by the Chandler family , Tribune 's largest shareholder , to back a bid for Tribune by agreeing to a Newsday-Post joint operating agreement .
Time Warner and Comcast Corp acquire Adelphia Communications for $ 17.6 billion in cash and stock , deal that reflects Time Warner 's decision to bet heavily on growth in its cable unit ; Time Warner will have strong cable holdings in Texas and dominant position in Los Angeles ; Time Warner will get most of Adelphia 's 5.3 million subscribers and plans to spin off separate cable company that will use its stock to make additional acquisitions ; Time Warner and Comcast will pay $ 12.7 billion in cash and will give Adelphia 16 percent of stock of newly created Time Warner Cable unit that will trade publicly when deal closes in about nine months ; Time Warner says new company will have about $ 13.8 billion in annual revenue ; transaction will also unravel unwieldy relationship in which Comcast owns 21 percent of Time Warner Cable ; result will be that Comcast is putting up $ 1.5 billion and Time Warner is putting up $ 11 billion , and after purchases and swaps , Time Warner will have 14.4 million subscribers , up from 10.9 million ; Comcast will add 1.8 million , bringing its total to 23.3 million ; photo ( M )
Shares of Transmeta , upstart designer of microprocessors fighting for piece of laptop computer market with Intel , more than doubles on first day of public trading on Nasdaq ; shares , priced at $ 21 , began trading shortly after 1 pm , Eastern time , at $ 44.88 and rose to end day at $ 45.25 ( M )
Some contrarian investors are willing to buy shares of Xerox , confident that the cash the company will receive from its anticipated asset sales will make the banks comfortable enough to refinance the loan .
1 maker of Internet communications equipment , Cisco Systems Inc. is taking on another medium by introducing its first national television campaign .
Federal jury finds that Wal-Mart Stores discriminated against disabled Long Island man Patrick Brady who briefly held job at company 's Centereach , NY , store and orders company to pay him $ 7.5 million in damages ; Brady , who has cerebral palsy , applied for job in Wal-Mart pharmacy department in summer of 2002 and was hired ; he quit not long after he was reassigned to other responsibilities , including collecting garbage and shopping carts from parking lot ( M )
Analysts called the company 's estimate conservative , and Texas Instruments executives suggested that strengthening demand could push sales higher .
As this Internet build-out continues , says Joel Cawley , the director of business strategy for I.B.M. , it will enable businesses , individuals and activists to tap into a much broader and powerful base of creativity and innovation , with a much lighter touch .
Yahoo will introduce new service called Yahoo 360 that will let users create discrete , and private , social networks that allow friends to share such things as photos , restaurant reviews and song lists ( S )
Amazon.com , in presentation to investors , says it will begin selling personal computers in next few months , shipping machines directly from computer distributor to customers ; notes online computer sales are rising despite drop in store sales ; reiterates aim of earning operating profit by fourth quarter ; says it expects to be profitable for full year 2002 ( M )
While Intel created a new 64-bit microprocessor , Itanium , A.M.D .
What Mr. Immelt must do is concentrate on bringing his own skills to managing General Electric , according to management experts and executive recruiters .
During the Internet boom , Cisco alienated some of the major phone and data service providers by catering to so-called next-generation telecommunications providers .
Citigroup may now itself face further dismemberment .
Procter & Gamble will pay Unilever about $ 10 million and agree to unusual third-party audit to settle dispute that arose after P & G acknowledged that it had taken documents from trash cans outside Chicago office of Unilever ; Unilever had made demand to ensure that Procter & Gamble did not change its marketing or product development plans for its hair care business after reviewing about 80 pages of confidential Unilever plans ( M )
Yesterday , for example , Eastman Kodak disclosed plans to cut up to 2,500 more jobs on top of the 17,700 it had already planned to eliminate by the end of the year .
Director Chooses Time Warner Over Lazard Amid Proxy Fight
Steven Holley , a lawyer for Microsoft , used internal Intel E-mail and the videotaped deposition of another Intel executive to try to raise doubts about Mr. McGeady 's assertion that Microsoft had forced Intel to shelve some multimedia and Internet software development work and to curb its support for such Microsoft software rivals as Sun Microsystems Inc. and the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Another drug benefits manager , Express Scripts , raised its own bid on Wednesday , but said it expected regulatory delays from the Federal Trade Commission .
Citigroup also said its board had approved a $ 10 billion share repurchase program for this year ; it laid out plans last year to buy back about $ 15 billion of company stock .
The symbolism was striking : McDonnell Douglas , which has built combat planes for the nation 's last four wars , was out of the running ; the Boeing Company , which has spent most of its efforts building the world 's commercial airline fleet , was in , selected to compete with the Lockheed Martin Corporation to build the Joint Strike Fighter for the Navy , Marines and Air Force .
At a news conference , the chief executive , Giancarlo Boschetti , denied rumors that the company had been contacted by General Motors and predicted that Fiat would break even in 2003 .
It 's obvious A.T. & T. remains a company that considers Nirvana a state of bliss rather than a hot grunge group and `` 20-something '' a partial football score .
The blame for this falls squarely with CBS , which might be the rare company where such goofing off is considered a corporate requirement .
Cisco shares gained $ 1.28 in after-hours trading to $ 23.08 .
Comcast added 394,000 subscribers , compared with 423,000 new subscribers in the fourth quarter of last year .
The Xerox Corporation , which only days ago was fending off rumors of its impending bankruptcy , is talking to venture capitalists about selling its Palo Alto Research Center , which in the 1970 's pioneered much of the technology for the personal computer industry .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; I.B.M .
Even within the more limited universe of DVD , Netflix is not totally comprehensive .
Time Warner And Madonna Are at Odds On Her Label
Biogen shares closed yesterday at $ 50.24 , down 25 cents , in Nasdaq trading .
In June , a federal district judge found Microsoft to have violated antitrust laws and ordered it to be broken in two .
Also in AT & T 's sights are America Online , which offers Internet access to more than five million subscribers , Compuserve , Prodigy , the Microsoft Network , and scores of small entrepreneurs who operate Internet businesses across the country .
For example , Mr. Icahn attended an event in February at Time Warner 's Columbus Circle headquarters at which Karl Rove was interviewed by Time magazine .
In March , just before Microsoft 's chairman , William H. Gates , was scheduled to testify before a Senate committee about this and other practices , the company announced that it was dropping these restrictive contract provisions .
The war room , which is part of a larger Wal-Mart effort to portray itself as more worker-friendly and environmentally conscious , runs counter to the philosophy of the chain 's founder , Sam Walton .
Although Netscape still has a significant lead , controlling 70 to 75 percent of the browser market , Microsoft is intent on shipping tens of millions of copies of its new browser .
But as it enters a business that competes directly with one of AOL 's core offerings , it could find that AOL , like Yahoo , will begin to view Google as a more direct competitor .
THE SECOND BREAKUP OF AT & T : THE BANKERS
Kodak is not giving up quite yet .
Technology designed to help consumers guard their privacy online , Platform for Privacy Preferences , is officially adopted as recommended standard by World Wide Web Consortium , international standards body ; technology has been adopted by Microsoft but has not been gained wide acceptance ( S )
The Ford Motor Company expects Toyota of Japan to unseat it for good next year as the No .
The new business is based in Somers , N.Y. Mr. Toole will report to John E. Kelly III , senior vice president of the IBM Technology Group , which includes the microelectronics and data storage businesses .
Intel executives said their company regained its position as market leader in core flash products during the quarter , pushing Advanced Micro into second place .
A 96 percent growth in revenue for Microsoft 's Business Solutions group was attributed mostly to its acquisition of Navision last July .
I.B.M .
Microsoft , in a statement today , said , ''I.B.M .
In May , Xerox ousted Mr. Thoman .
During a conference call held by DuPont , analysts questioned why the company entered a 50-50 joint venture , since Pioneer is much stronger in seeds than Syngenta .
Nassau still faces major hurdles , but continued progress would merit further improvements in its ratings , Moody 's said .
I.B.M. , conversely , warned Wall Street as long ago as January that its first quarter might be disappointing .
Some of the cases recounted here figure prominently in the suit brought by the Justice Department and 20 states , scheduled to go to trial later this month , charging that Microsoft at times went too far -- and violated antitrust laws .
The Alzheimer 's Association and the Intel Corporation announced yesterday that they were forming a research consortium to explore the application of computing technologies and sensor networks to the care of patients with early and advanced cases of Alzheimer 's disease .
MICROSOFT ON TRIAL : THE TRIAL
But Mr. Powell urged analysts to be conservative about projecting Cisco 's growth .
Making Nike Shoes in Vietnam ; An Elusive U.S. Trade Pact Worries Workers and Bosses
Motorola plans to announce today a breakthrough in the manufacture of semiconductors that allows high-performance materials like gallium arsenide to reside on top of standard silicon , a decades-old dream for microchip designers .
As the article noted , Goodyear attributed the losses to an oil pipeline it began in 1983 , not to its relationship with Bridgestone .
In fact , the Airbus consortium , which is now Boeing 's only competitor , has never been busier since it was founded 30 years ago as a way to revive the flagging European aerospace industry .
''We delivered record results for the full year as well as the fourth quarter and are in an excellent position to capitalize on an improving economy as we enter 2004 , '' Kenneth I. Chenault , American Express 's chairman and chief executive , said in a statement .
''This is of value to the public , but it is also a proof of concept that very large data bases can be placed on the Internet and shared by large numbers of people , '' said John Patrick , I.B.M .
Intuit also announced widening losses for its fiscal fourth quarter ended July 31 , which it attributed to recent acquisitions of companies that included the Interactive Insurance Services Corporation .
In addition to the new business from U S West , Ayer is gaining additional assignments from a longtime client , the Procter & Gamble Company .
With 42d Street turning more and more into Main Street , U.S.A. , it was probably only a matter of time before the Ford Motor Company came rumbling along .
''We 're seeing the slow but steady process of cleaning off the mud that has been thrown at Microsoft , '' said Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman .
General Motors Corp adds Bates Worldwide to its agency roster as Shanghai General Motors , a joint venture of GM and Shanghai Automobile Industrial Corp , names Bates China in Shanghai as first advertising agency to handle its account ; billings estimated at $ 15 million to $ 20 million ( S )
McDonald 's forms partnership with Paul Newman ; Newman will not be spokesman for fast-food chain , although his picture will appear in its restaurants ; Newman agrees to sell McDonald 's a line of salad dressing , similar to bottled dressing made by his own company , Newman 's Own ( S )
Microsoft Corp 's legal clash with Justice Department is beginning to hurt Microsoft brand reputation , according to Tectel , a research organization that tracks brand recognition of technology companies among business customers and consumers ; Michael F Kelly , Tectel 's president , says its survey data are often a useful harbinger of changes in a company 's stock performance and return on equity ( M )
Polo Ralph Lauren has told the association that it is O.K .
The programs are compatible with Pocket PC and Palm OS devices like Hewlett-Packard 's iPaq and PalmOne 's Treo ; they are also available for Java-capable cellphones from Motorola , Nokia , Samsung , Sanyo , Sony Ericsson and others .
After extended negotiation , Mr. Roth said , Vornado bought out most of the Citibank lease , leaving it with an A.T.M .
Under Mr. Drexler 's direction over the last two decades , Gap has grown into the nation 's lar
The chairman of the AT & T Corporation , Robert E. Allen , said yesterday that he expected the company to spin off to shareholders its remaining stake in Lucent Technologies Inc. in the third quarter and all of the NCR Corporation in the fourth quarter .
''One of the difficulties for some engineers is being able to finally reach a conclusion and move out , because the alternatives can be evaluated indefinitely , '' said Frank A. Shrontz , the current Boeing chairman , who will retire next month .
Yesterday , NASD censured and fined Morgan Stanley $ 2 million for handing out $ 1 million in prizes and rewards to brokers in a broad-based incentive program intended to promote sales of Morgan Stanley mutual funds .
But this complaint appears particularly intriguing because it comes from a company with close ties to Microsoft -- and one that is engaged in a promising niche of the Internet software market in which the Government is investigating Microsoft tactics .
Reuters reported that Mr. Lesar said Halliburton would like to list its shares on an exchange in the Middle East , which it could do while maintaining its listing in New York .
