Analysts were full of suggestions yesterday as to where Kodak should consolidate and prune its businesses , regardless of the outcome of the battle with Fuji .
Mr. Liani , from Merrill Lynch , said Cisco 's great strength was that it has offered customers comprehensive packages , enabling them to route traffic both at the core and the edge , and to protect it along the way .
But things changed in 2003 when Apple Computer , as it was known until it dropped ''Computer '' from its name last month , began signing deals with record labels to distribute music online through iTunes .
''Our industry has migrated from advertising solutions to integrated marketing solutions , '' said John J. Dooner Jr. , president and chief operating officer at Interpublic .
The renaming campaign is reminiscent of a campaign that BellSouth and SBC sponsored in fall 2004 , after Cingular acquired and absorbed what had been known as AT & T Wireless .
In a real sense , Time Warner and America Online have inhabited parallel stock market worlds when it comes to valuations .
IN 1956 , when General Motors opened its sprawling research center here , President Dwight D. Eisenhower praised it as a symbol of democratic capitalism 's natural impulse to explore the frontiers of technology .
Sharses of Digital Equipment and Intel rise on newspaper report that Digital Equipment may drop its patent infringement lawsuit against Intel Corp and give its Alpha chip technology to Intel in exchange for cash , product discounts and long-term alliance ; Alpha chip has had weak sales even though many experts consider it technically superior to anything made by Intel ; selling technology to Intel might be graceful way for Digital to rid itself of costly investment that has not paid off ( M )
Analysts lost faith in Mattel 's pronouncements because earnings repeatedly fell short of what the company estimated .
Technology Briefing | Deals : Cisco And Bank Of America To Announce Phone Venture
With General Motors on the threshold of losing the title of the world 's largest automaker , this symbolic blow to American pride may set off protectionist sentiment against Japan .
Mr. Klein 's ''que será , será '' attitude was endorsed by a speaker from MasterCard , whose ''Priceless '' campaign has been ardently adopted -- and adapted -- by consumers .
''We have Windows 95 and the Microsoft Office suite , '' Attorney General Dennis C. Vacco acknowledged with a rueful chuckle .
Boeing owns 40 percent , RSC-Energia of Moscow 25 percent , Kvaerner Maritime a.s. of Oslo 20 percent , and KB Yuzhnoye and PO Yuzhmash of Dnepropetrovsk , the Ukraine , 15 percent .
Wal-Mart said that the labor fund had ties to the United Food and Commercial Workers union and that the suit was an effort by the union to pressure Wal-Mart .
The order will instead go to its American rival Boeing , which will supply FedEx with 15 Boeing 777 freighters , a plane also designed for long-haul cargo flights .
Honeywell 's board recessed until 5 p.m. on Saturday to give Mr. Bonsignore and Mr. Welch time to negotiate .
The nation 's biggest credit-rating companies , Standard & Poor 's and Moody 's Investors Service , yesterday lowered their ratings on the debt of Lucent to one notch above the junk level .
Mr. Loughridge said I.B.M .
The case is the second prominent discrimination case that Morgan Stanley has confronted in recent years .
's desktop operating system , when Big Blue tried to confront Windows head on and wrest dominance of the operating system market from Microsoft .
Intel 's new labeling convention combines the name of the processor 's family , like ''Intel Celeron D processor , '' with a three-digit number that represents more information about how the processor performs .
About the same time , the Discovery Channel shifted its headquarters and 1,800 employees from the more fashionable suburb of Bethesda , Md. , five miles west , into an architecturally striking new building close to Silver Spring 's Metro subway station .
Editorial Observer on Salomon Brothers ' culture that long provoked admiration and dread on Wall Street ; notes that while name lives on , as part of Salomon Smith Barney , itself part of giant Citigroup , virtually everyone who ran risk-management operation is gone as new menagement dismantles operations that made Salomon rich and famous ( S )
The six firms in the consortium are American Express , J. P. Morgan Chase , Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley , Prudential Financial and Salomon Smith Barney .
Mariann Caprino , a Pfizer spokeswoman , said that the lawsuit related to activities that took place years before the acquisition and that Pfizer employees did not promote drugs for unapproved uses .
But many analysts say that Sun 's approach is not that different from Microsoft 's .
In an interview last week with Chris Oakes , for The International Herald Tribune , Mr. Morales , who will be based in Munich , discussed issues that face Intel in Europe , including the impact of wireless technologies like third-generation , or 3G , cellular networks and the 802.11 format known as Wi-Fi .
The Xerox study is based on a sample of America Online users in December 1997 .
I.B.M .
Mr. Negroponte also accused Intel of marketing its strategy to the developing world .
Justice Dept staff urges federal government to reject as anticompetitive proposed $ 11.2 billion merger of largest satellite television broadcasters , DirecTV and EchoStar ; say merger would reduce competition from three companies -- two satellite providers and cable television company -- to just two , while eliminating competition in rural areas not served by cable ; satellite companies say deal should be approved since it is only way to compete effectively against increasingly large cable television companies , which control about 80 percent of subscription-TV market ; argue that merger would enable combined company to be better at broadcasting local programming ; rejection would be major victory for Rupert Murdoch , News Corp chairman who has sought unsuccessfully to buy DirecTV to fill important piece in media empire ; would also reflect rare instance of opposition to corporate merger by Bush administration ( M )
Amgen said the deal would decrease its earnings per share by 5 to 10 cents in 2006 and 2007 , but add to earnings after that .
The acquisition represents a major gamble by Interpublic executives that a takeover of this size , one of the largest ever in advertising , makes sense strategically at a time when the slowdown of the American economy threatens to abruptly end the long-running boom on Madison Avenue .
I.B.M .
Microsoft has been developing the service for three years , said Ryan Hamlin , general manager of the Microsoft Technology Care and Safety Group .
Congress is expected to consider a proposal early next year that would shift responsibility for billions of dollars in future pension promises to the federal government from United Parcel Service .
Using Amazon rankings and publisher data on 324 titles , the researchers determined that nearly half the book sales at Amazon , 46 percent in 2000 , were of obscure titles .
Dick Starmann , who retired as McDonald 's senior vice president for communications in 1998 , met Mr. Bell when he was 21 and somewhat of a marketing prodigy .
That could mean proving that Intel 's behavior drove its rivals into extinction .
To renew its growth , he added , it is critical for Cisco to prove that it can continue expanding from its core business of building equipment for corporate data networks to building equipment for global telecommunications networks .
The shift in market share comes as Oracle is making a marketing push to establish itself as a provider of stable , secure software for corporations .
Kodak joins a lengthy list of advertisers that have consolidated the media buying and/or planning duties on their accounts in the last year .
Late last week , Google contacted Comcast about a joint bid and they approached Time Warner with the concept earlier this week , a person involved in the negotiations said .
By 1993 , Boeing was deep in discussions with the Energia Company , a star of the Russian rocket industry .
And even if Apple does manage to shove Copland out the door in 12 months , which most industry analysts doubt , it will still be dragging its legacy behind it .
In a research note yesterday morning , before the Oracle announcement , Richard Sherlund , an analyst at Goldman Sachs , noted that Mr. Maffei had been away from the company for more than two weeks and that the company 's meeting with analysts on Oct. 24 had been canceled .
Centocor , a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson , has been providing doctors with marketing materials that describe how they can make extra money by prescribing a new drug , a practice that health care fraud experts say may be illegal .
Citigroup has set aside $ 6.7 billion in all to cover its litigation exposure .
EBay , which says it already has an adequate dispute resolution system , has not approved the Hartford-BuySafe plan and has declined to comment until its executives have a chance to review it .
But it proved highly successful in positioning I.B.M .
The inquiry is examining if Darleen Druyun , a former deputy assistant secretary of the Air Force , gave Boeing pricing data on a rival bid Airbus was preparing .
That is welcome news to some Boeing watchers .
Dr. Furberg recently co-authored a study concluding that Bextra may increase the risk of heart attacks , as Vioxx has been found to do , and he was quoted in The New York Times saying that Pfizer was trying to ''suppress '' this information .
But company officials said that the new magnetic materials technology introduced with the Travelstar line would enable I.B.M .
Critics had petitioned the Government to impose far more conditions on the deal , saying it would vastly increase Aetna 's ability to negotiate fees and working rules on doctors and hospitals , squeezing the medical profession for greater cost savings while possibly raising premiums and controlling practices .
General Electric Co posts net income of $ 2.5 billion in first quarter , down 2.7 percent from $ 2.57 billion year earlier ; sales totaled $ 30.52 billion , up marginally from $ 30.49 billion year ago ; stock closes at $ 33.75 , down $ 3.45 , or 9.3 percent ( M )
Pirelli , which controls Olimpia , had been in exclusive talks with AT & T and America Móvil , which was also negotiating to buy a one-third stake in Olimpia .
Waste Management is the nation 's largest garbage collector .
Kodak and Hewlett-Packard Form Photofinishing Venture
Carrie said she would choose CBS as well , because that would make her mother ''the first woman in that job by herself . ''
But he said that in retrospect , he realized that Yahoo , like all advertising businesses , does better in the fall and winter than it does in the spring and summer .
Citigroup could pay up to $ 10.8 billion if shareholders sell it all of the 95.1 percent of Nikko stock that it does not already own .
A spokeswoman for Oracle , based in Redwood City , declined to comment .
''The business just is n't nearly as profitable , '' Richard Steinig , a 30-year McDonald 's franchisee in Miami , said .
His complaints ranged from Microsoft 's planned acquisition of Intuit , which the department squashed , to the relationship between Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser and its Windows operating system -- the heart of the current antitrust battle .
The move unites divisions that had remained separate after the May 1997 merger of Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter .
Motorola had been expected to earn 49 cents a share in the first quarter , according to analysts surveyed by I.B.E.S .
Omnicom is now the world 's largest agency company calculated by revenue .
You might not know this from recent news reports , which have questioned the viability of Priceline 's approach to business after the company disclosed a third-quarter revenue shortfall .
And Compaq is looking to replace the abandoned Time Warner deal with another arrangement with a media company , which could provide information content , perhaps in return for a partial stake in Alta Vista , Mr. Pfeiffer said .
''I would not be training if I did n't have this job ; it 's too much of a struggle , '' said Julia Chilicki , 28 , a rower who was in the 1996 Olympics and recently transferred from a Home Depot in Massachusetts to one in South Carolina so she could train with her team .
Some industry experts are contending that the K6 chip is a better bargain than a coming new chip from Intel , long the dominant maker of chips for personal computers .
The ads were signed by the president of Coca-Cola France , Daniel Malcorps , and the president of Coca-Cola Enterprises in France , Dominique Reiniche .
Two participants in a discontinued clinical drug trial have sued Amgen , demanding that it resume giving them an experimental treatment for Parkinson 's disease that they say helped them immensely but that the company says is ineffective and potentially dangerous .
In one of the first of these ''fee for service '' deals , Eli Lilly recently announced it had struck an agreement with Cardinal Health , but neither side disclosed terms .
''There are three things developers care about , '' says Peter Moore , Microsoft 's corporate vice president of interactive entertainment business and an industry veteran .
This week Alibaba welcomed eBay 's new approach .
After Netscape declined Microsoft 's offer to divide the Internet browser market , the Government contends , Microsoft embarked on a pattern of anticompetitive behavior intended to thwart the challenge posed by Netscape .
And MSN from Microsoft charges $ 21.95 , although it offers various rebates and deals that can bring the effective price to half that level .
''Google really thought about this one , '' said Mr. Rashtchy , who has a hold rating on eBay stock .
Verizon , however , was counting on Genuity 's rapid expansion to help the larger company make its growth target , and now it can not .
Oracle hopes eventually to overtake SAP as the world 's largest maker of business applications software .
''We 're on the journey to being a utility , '' said Ginni Rometty , a general manager for I.B.M .
Conrail Chugs Off Into the Sunset ; CSX and Norfolk Southern Take Over
In a related development , Ogilvy & Mather Los Angeles was named to handle advertising for Mattel 's Cabbage Patch Kids brand , which had been handled in-house .
The company 's position drew some support from the North American Electric Reliability Council , a group created by utilities to set standards for reducing the risks of disruption , which had called public attention to FirstEnergy 's problems over the weekend .
''We have no comment on the Morgan Stanley decision to settle .
Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman , said of the Government 's lawyers , ''It 's unfortunate that they have lost faith in the substance of their case and have resorted to this kind of name calling . ''
The European Commission gave approval yesterday to the Exxon Corporation 's planned takeover of the Mobil Corporation , which would create the world 's largest publicly held oil company , on the condition that they shed assets in Europe to preserve competition .
Verizon 's stock fell 20 cents yesterday , to $ 34.95 , and has dipped 4.3 percent in the last two weeks .
Still , some analysts had serious questions about the appraisal of Lin that AT & T had obtained .
CBS has placed the show on Sunday evenings at 8 .
If AT & T and AOL do not make a deal , T.W.E .
Microsoft executives , however , said that the reports were inaccurate and that Microsoft 's co-founder and chairman , William H. Gates , said in a statement that he was looking forward to Mr. Myhrvold 's return .
The job for Mr. Rajan , 48 , is the first major personnel move by Christopher J. Coughlin , who joined Interpublic in May as chief operating officer and also became chief financial officer two months later .
Comcast 's success in broadband business builds on its involvement with ExciteAtHome , which collapsed at end of 2001 ( M )
But Mr. Hodgson pointed out that Citigroup 's executives reaped large pecuniary rewards during the expansion of the 1990 's stock market bubble that the bank itself helped inflate , with the telecommunications sector inhabited by WorldCom among the most heavily promoted .
A Federal judge today approved the AT & T Corporation 's $ 12.6 billion deal to buy McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , the nation 's biggest cellular telephone company .
During his career at Texas Instruments he claimed more than 60 patents and was also one of the inventors of the hand-held calculator and the thermal printer .
Nike , known for its shoes and its swoosh , has Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods on its corporate team .
For Boeing , the nation 's second-largest military contractor , after Lockheed Martin , the picture is equally downbeat , as it has tried to use its Pentagon contracts to offset the ups and downs of commercial aviation .
It answers to the market , which is why it has been so frenziedly redesigning itself in response to the success of the Internet -- a development Microsoft neither predicted nor created .
Mr. Murdoch , through the News Corporation , has long sought a satellite business to deliver his cable services in this country , as he does abroad .
Motorola 's shares held on to most of their gains from Tuesday 's trading , ending yesterday down 10 cents at $ 12.90 .
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. has opened a broad legal assault against the Intel Corporation , charging that Intel employed unfair tactics to keep computer companies from buying A.M.D .
As Frontier has moved into new businesses , analysts said it had become vulnerable to the loss of customers like Excel .
Delaware court rules that Wall Street firms Morgan Stanley and Provender Capital will be able to vote next week in hotly contested election for two positions on board of Carver Bancorp , largest black-run bank in country ( M )
State Street and Investors Financial have about 26,000 employees between them .
Those women are inspiring Nike to go through some contortions of its own .
''Our customers have a relationship with Starbucks that is different from a traditional bricks-and-mortar store , '' he said .
Yet in an E-mail written on June 10 , 1994 , Steven Sinofsky , a Microsoft executive who helped organize the April meeting , portrays a company ambivalent about the Internet and not yet planning a browser of its own .
Pfizer 's new advertisements appear to be paying off .
Coke Earnings Soar , Yet Its Stock Price Falls
Until the Lauren license was returned , Jones also held the license for Polo stores in Canada , which sold a full range of Polo Ralph Lauren clothes .
Now that the lawsuit against Microsoft has been settled , Mr. Sparks said , Caldera Inc. , now just a holding company , will probably cease to exist .
will market and issue cards with an American Express logo .
Raytheon 's complex transaction for the Hughes military businesses -- actually a series of related transactions -- was designed to help General Motors avoid paying what might have been hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes , a boon to its shareholders but at the expense of the Treasury .
A recurring question , however , is whether the America Online-Time Warner deal proves that no company can live by content alone .
But Wal-Mart announced that sales for November were significantly less than the 2 percent to 4 percent increase it had forecast earlier .
The takeover talks show just how eager Microsoft is to find new sources of growth now that the business it has long dominated , personal computer software , is slowing .
Though the consolidation ends assignments Thompson had handled for Kellogg dating to 1980 , Thompson will continue handling Kellogg cereals in markets like Canada , Europe and Latin America ; those billings were estimated at $ 75 million .
Mr. Watson said the problem affected only users who relied on a Comcast e-mail account , and that subscribers who relied on a different service , like a residual one from @ Home , were unaffected .
More than 100 class-action suits have already been filed against Microsoft in two dozen states , nearly all in the aftermath of Judge Jackson 's powerfully worded findings of fact last November .
''People assume you must be swimming in dollars , '' Mr. Dobrish of Adobe said .
Robert Glaser , the chief executive of RealNetworks , has long been a critic of what he sees as Apple 's proprietary strategy with the iPod , asserting that Apple was running the risk of following the same path it took in its development of its personal computer .
Xerox increased its equipment revenues and earnings through the use of special reserves and other methods that violated generally accepted accounting principles , the commission said .
Still , to Ms. Bostrom of Cisco , the silver lining in the current economic clouds is the recognition that in both good times and bad , ''the Internet allows the fast to beat the slow . ''
News Corporation eventually bought out Liberty Media 's Gemstar stake .
Verizon Wireless plans to increase its network capacity and take other measures to serve the emergency communication needs of the government , rather than carry out a limited form of priority access , according to a filing last week with the Federal Communications Commission .
For the year , Citigroup reported operating earnings of $ 6.3 billion on revenue of $ 49.8 billion , compared with earnings of $ 7.8 billion on revenue of $ 47.8 billion in 1997 .
The price will be between $ 400 and $ 500 , according to Microsoft executives .
Citigroup reports record increase in earnings for third quarter ; profit rose 13 percent , to 5.31 billion from $ 4.7 billion in period year ago ; chief executive Charles O Prince comments ; Bank of America says profit for third quarter rose 29 percent , to $ 3.76 billion from $ 2.92 billion year ago ; chief executive Kenneth D Lewis comments ( M )
Earlier this year , Amazon.com purchased a British electronic bookstore , Bookpages , and it is now poised to offer electronic versions in Britain and Germany , with new distribution outlets in Europe .
''Mass merchandising is the last frontier for Nike .
The next day , Oracle said that a hearing scheduled for July 16 in Delaware Chancery Court to consider litigation regarding its bid for PeopleSoft had been indefinitely postponed while it responded to the Justice Department request .
Microsoft Corp stirs new dispute with plan to include electronic television program guide for free in its Windows 98 updated personal computer operating system ; Mike Jeffress of Electronic TV Host , which sells competing product , questions justification for including feature in operating system ; guide is already provided to subscribers by Microsoft 's WebTV Networks unit ; photo ( M )
The provision , which primarily benefits General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman , would allow shipbuilders to postpone their taxes for years on profits from building ships and submarines for the Navy .
In the Chicago market for health maintenance organizations , United and Humana would have a 28 percent share , ahead of H.M.O .
As head of the Airbus division in North America in the 1980 's , when deregulation unleashed competition and forced airlines to examine their cash flows , Mr. Leahy convinced many airlines that buying an Airbus was more economical over the long haul than buying a Boeing .
Johnson & Johnson , which sells prescription drugs , medical devices and consumer products , benefited most in the fourth quarter from higher sales of Procrit , an anemia drug .
Microsoft to Change Distribution of Vulnerable Software
IBM helps Coca-Cola create digitized online archive of Coke 's extensive advertising and marketing material dating back to 1886 ; photo ( M )
Mr. Wilson said the deal was logical for Electronic Arts , which , with $ 3 billion in cash and no debt , is putting itself in a position to dominate a new market .
A year later , Wal-Mart packed up and left .
Healtheon Corp to buy WebMD Inc in stock deal valued at $ 7.85 billion ; Healtheon is also selling $ 250 million of its stock to Microsoft Corp and $ 110 million to other backers , including Intel Corp and Excite Inc ; Microsoft , which will have stake of more than 10 percent in combined company , Healtheon/WebMD , also pledges $ 100 million in advertising , which would be added to $ 40 million already committed for advertising by DuPont Co ; Healtheon offers electronic processing of health care claims , and on-line registration for health plans ; it also links doctors over Internet with hospitals , pharmacies , laboratories and insurance companies ; WebMD specializes in Internet support groups in which consumers can learn about health care subjects ( M )
Because Microsoft 's operating system was the least expensive option , it became a standard , attracting the widest selection of software applications .
Citing rising gasoline prices and falling sales , the Ford Motor Company said on Wednesday that its first-quarter profit fell 38 percent , to $ 1.2 billion .
Market Place : Bank stocks have given back some of gains they recorded earlier in year despite recent string of huge bank mergers , a sign that sector may have lost its momentum ; bank stocks , in general , are down between 9 percent and 12 percent from their highs achieved in April ; even if more bank takeovers happen , they will not be done at enormous premiums to prevailing market prices ; Norwest Corp-Wells Fargo deal confirms recent trend toward so-called mergers of equals in which little in the way of premium is paid by the acquirer to shareholders of company that is being bought out ; graph ( M )
Microsoft 's MSN , AOL Japan and eBay also have auction sites , and there are several Japanese-owned sites as well .
Mr. Murdoch added that ''whether it will be in sports or another aspect of news or entertainment has yet to be decided . ''
The 10-year contract between Toys ''R '' Us and Amazon , struck when Internet stocks were strong , is a remnant of that era .
Still , similarities between Google and Microsoft are evident to local entrepreneurs including Steven I. Lurie , who worked at Microsoft between 1993 and 1999 but now lives in San Francisco , and Joe Kraus , a founder of the 1990 's search firm Excite .
About 240,000 Mexican jobs were eliminated or scaled back in first three months of 2001 , mainly in manufacturing ; industrial output in February was 3.7 below that of year earlier ; Mexico 's Central Bank expects economic growth of only 3 percent in 2000 , down from 6.9 percent in 2000 ; economic downturn is happening while inflation is under control , peso is strong , consumers are still spending and no general recession appears to be on horizon ; automotive industry has been hit hardest , with Delphi Chrysler and Grupo Industrial Saltillo laying off workers and shutting down plants ; Goodyear Tire factory in Mexico City will shut because fo high costs and unfavorable economic conditions ; photo ( M )
Judicial Watch files lawsuit accusing Vice Pres Dick Cheney and Halliburton Co , company he ran for five years , of engaging in accounting fraud ; suit also names Arthur Andersen ; suit accuses Halliburton of fraudulently increasing its profits through improper accounting methods in conjunction with Andersen ; chief financial officer Douglas Foshee calls allegations 'untrue , unsupported and unfounded ' ; White House spokesman Ari Fleischer says suit is 'without merit ' ( M )
Mark Wolfe , a spokesman for Johnson & Johnson , said the company believed the cause was a chemical reaction between rubber stoppers used in prefilled syringes and the new stabilizer that replaced the human albumin .
In a document created at Citigroup as part of a presentation of the stock-backed partnership structure , one benefit is described as removing ''certain items from 'plain view , ' thus enhancing the appearance of balance sheet . ''
Microsoft lawyers conducted today 's deposition , and their questions suggested that I.B.M .
YAHOO , which has rolled out 17 paid services to consumers in the last year , has been among the most aggressive businesses in getting people to pay for online services and information they had formerly received free .
Merck & Co and Pfizer Inc post strong gains in second-quarter earnings ; net income at Merck increased 16 percent , to $ 1.72 billion compared with $ 1.48 billion in year-earlier period ; sales rose 18 percent , to $ 9.54 billion from $ 8 billion ; Pfizer says profit rose 21 percent , to $ 1.44 billion compared with $ 1.19 billion a year ago ; sales rose 14 percent , to $ 7 billion from $ 6.5 billion ( M )
Microsoft had made side deals with Comcast , Cox and even AT & T in the event the company decided to stay independent -- all to block what the software company considers its more important rival in broadband services : AOL Time Warner .
''Microsoft is trying to make Office less a product and more like an online service , '' said Nate Root , an analyst for Forrester Research .
GMC -- It was lovely to hear the Louis Armstrong version of the standard ''They All Laughed '' to promote the Envoy sold by the GMC division of General Motors , but this commercial sang the same old song in bashing German and Japanese vehicles .
To avoid a hefty tax bill , the Hadars had to invest a major part of the proceeds in a venture like Citigroup Center .
At Pfizer , the Isolation Increases for a Whistle-Blower
Wall Street took the news that Mr. Grove would relinquish the job of chief executive in stride , as Intel shares rose $ 1.9375 , to $ 78.1875 .
( Verizon has majority ownership of Verizon Wireless , while BellSouth and SBC jointly own Cingular Wireless and , if a recent acquisition is finalized , AT & T Wireless . )
National executives said that fierce price wars between the Intel Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. had made the PC business unprofitable , and that National 's losses from PC chips had kept the whole company in the red for the last year .
Van Wagner worked with Target and Haworth Marketing and Media , a longtime Target agency Target also worked with another of its agencies , Peterson Milla Hooks .
Mr. Johnson undertook a restructuring of Campbell in the early 1990 's , dismissing 11,000 workers , including 800 from its flagship soup plant in Camden , which was closed .
A spokesman for Morgan Stanley responded , `` Our board of directors has concluded that suggestions for management changes or a corporate reorganization beyond the proposed spinoff of its Discover Card business would not be in the best interest of shareholders . ''
Apple recently announced that it was pulling its products out of retail chains including Best Buy , Circuit City , OfficeMax and Sears , though it said it would keep its dedicated sections at CompUSA .
EADS , a military contractor backed by France and Germany , has said it would forgo $ 1.7 billion in state loans , known as launch aid , for the A350 , provided that Boeing gives up what it says are indirect subsidies from the Pentagon ; from Japan , which is building components of the 787 ; and from Washington State , where the plane is to be assembled .
AT & T Plans to Discontinue Network Notes
Microsoft Gives A Freer Hand To Gateway
Indeed , one of the liveliest discussions recently has been about why Microsoft chose I.B.M .
Stephen Labaton analysis holds that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , in ruling that Microsoft Corp violated nation 's antitrust laws , constructed cautious argument aimed at surviving Supreme Court review ( M )
''For Procter it is not good news , '' said Andrew Shore , an analyst with Deutsche Banc Alex .
Article on some useful and clear trends that emerged from American Express Global Corporate Travel Press Forum in Miami Beach ; drawing ( M )
In its effort to deploy a network to replace Excite , Comcast upset many customers , particularly in New Jersey , who complained that their service was disrupted and that they could not get access to e-mail or the Web .
Monsanto and DuPont agree to settle all lawsuits between them over genetically modified seeds and give each other licenses for their patents ; Pioneer Hi-Bred International , which is owned by DuPont and is largest seed company in world , will pay royalties to Monsanto for access to certain genes and technology ( M )
While Bristol-Myers and ImClone bickered over who was to blame for the application disaster , ImClone 's European partner , Merck K.G.a.A. , oversaw a crucial test of the drug 's effect on colorectal cancer .
The biggest sticking point involves Verizon 's ability to shift work from one region to another in an effort to increase the efficiency of operations or reduce labor costs .
Dr. Elwell , a former director of alternative schools in District 3 on the Upper West Side , where he created several well-regarded small schools , has his replication strategy mapped out with the precision of a Starbucks franchise manual .
Boeing to Review Worldwide Account
MCI 's board cited Qwest 's relative weakness as a big reason it accepted Verizon 's far lower offer .
Most legal experts who have followed the trial expect that Microsoft will be found to have violated antitrust laws .
Merck 's unexpected bad news left blue chips with a loss for the day , while high-tech stocks got a lift from bargain hunters .
Best Buy expects major suppliers to begin attaching radio identification tags to cartons and pallets of goods shipped to it , starting Jan 2 , 2006 ; expects all such shipments from suppliers to be tagged by May 2007 ( S )
Dorothy Bailey , 75 , retired early from General Motors in 1967 after just a decade , but still gets benefits .
Executives close to the deal said that by creating economies of scale , the merger would help Pfizer to limit price increases .
European Commission reportedly has distributed to European Union members 'draft decision'opposing General Electric Co 's $ 45 billion takeover of Honeywell International ; GE continues to play down chances of compromise ( M )
So Yahoo is placing most of the advertising for its new search on other sections of its own site .
Analysts said that Yahoo 's warning , in fact , might be even worse news for smaller Internet companies , most of which already are in dire straits .
Now , as General Electric inches closer to a deal to acquire control of the Hollywood business of Vivendi Universal , Mr. Wright stands on the brink of becoming a media mogul , taking his place alongside titans like Michael D. Eisner of Disney and Sumner M. Redstone of Viacom .
Apple reports that 6.25 million copies of Quicktime 4.0 have been downloaded since the beta version was made available .
COMPAQ IN DEAL WITH INTUIT
But some authors have already found a way around that : Anita Diamant , the author of ''The Last Days of Dogtown '' and other novels , guides readers from her Amazon blog to her own Web site , where they can write to her directly .
Gaps still remain on the trading desk , however , especially in commodities and foreign exchange , where Merrill lags Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley despite a recent spate of hiring .
''Maybe that 's why Boeing said , 'I 'll launch these babies and I 'll be a contract-for-hire here . '
For Valentine 's Day , it sent out coupons to Amazon customers , but they were not numbered and someone posted the details in an Internet chat room , enabling many non-Amazon customers to use the discounts .
Gap has aggressively defended Mr. Pressler against the criticism .
''For the last couple of years , people have known we were going to get aggressive in the phone business and that point is essentially now , '' said Stephen B. Burke , Comcast 's chief operating officer .
Besides , Microsoft said , the remaining agreements ''expire on September 30 , 1998 , and Microsoft has informed '' the relevant companies ''that Microsoft will not be renewing any of those agreements because the Channel Bar concept has not been sufficiently popular with consumers and is thus being discontinued . ''
3 Men Are Charged With Fraud In 1,100 Art Auctions on EBay
I.B.M .
Ms. Keck declined to say whether Wal-Mart was seeking to be reinstated .
Michelle Slatalla column on her sentimental attachment to her Apple Powerbook 160 , which she bought in 1992 and which is seriously outdated now ( M )
watchdog group in Santa Monica , said the Goodrich verdict was a message to Congress as well as Aetna .
ATI Technologies said yesterday that it had signed a contract with Microsoft to produce components for future versions of the Xbox game console , beating out the market leader , Nvidia .
The drugmakers Merck & Company and Pfizer Inc. posted strong gains in second-quarter earnings yesterday , and shares of Merck rose more than 9 percent .
Safra Catz , a co-president of Oracle who is also serving as the company 's chief financial officer , said the company was pleased with the quarter , which she described as a transitional one .
And while Verizon has worked almost around the clock the last month to restore operations at 140 West Street and service to its customers , the company has indicated that significantly reducing the building 's network vulnerabilities would require more time or money than Verizon is willing to expend .
Among the software industry 's most successful figures , there are some who argue that while Microsoft 's tactics have occasionally crossed the line , it is still important to defend the powerful company .
In a speech at the RSA computer security conference , Mr. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , said the company was making progress in its fight against spam , adding that ''phishing '' software scams were the fastest-growing security problem the company faced .
In 1993 , Edgar Jr. encouraged his father to began buying shares in Time Warner as a possible acquisition target .
Since Mr. Steere took over in 1992 , Pfizer 's sales have doubled , and over the last five years , its stock price has increased more than 400 percent .
Analysts estimate that a Windows-compatible version of the iPod might generate revenue of more than $ 400 million a year for Apple .
''This is notable because of the fixation everyone has had on the Earth Simulator , '' said Dave Turek , I.B.M .
''I still very much like it , '' he said , but he was ''subsequently told it appeared to represent a Microsoft position .
Morgan Stanley chief executive Philip J Purcell , who has used his outsider status to secure string of successes , now finds his job and legacy at stake because of uneasy relationship with Wall Street establishment ; independent directors have written letter to dissident executives , reaffirming their support for Purcell and his management team and asking that executives stop their campaign to oust him ; Purcell is taking his own steps and is drawing closer to his own power base : his hand-picked board , his small cadre of loyalists and foundation upon which he has built today 's Morgan Stanley : Main Street brokers from Dean Witter ; photo ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The I.B.M .
It would also give Verizon greater freedom to pursue other wireless companies , including Alltel , which some analysts say is dressing itself up to be sold .
Mr. Thompson was referring to Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of the Federal District Court in Washington , who presided over the Microsoft antitrust case and ordered the company split in two .
Yahoo already owns the Internet search service Inktomi , and Overture recently acquired two other search engines , AltaVista and Fast Search and Transfer .
NEWS WATCH : ACCESSORIES Correction : February 5 , 2004 , Thursday A brief report in Circuits on Jan. 22 about the iTalk , an accessory for the Apple iPod that can be used to make voice recordings , overstated its compatibility with iPod models .
Mr. Armstrong said yesterday that AT & T was prepared to pay more than Comcast to acquire Mediaone because AT & T could make better use of Mediaone 's cable assets .
General Electric 's partner in MSNBC , Microsoft , is not pleased with the network 's third-place status either .
Morgan Stanley is eager to capture the enthusiasm investors have for rivals that do more business through the Internet .
DOCTORS are accustomed to offices crowded with patients , but in the last several weeks , salespeople from Merck and Monsanto have also been vying for their attention to promote new arthritis drugs .
Separately , Microsoft announced that it had hired Chris Liddell to be its chief financial officer , replacing John Connors , who left the position in late March to join Ignition Partners , a venture capital firm .
Ms. Herman , who will be paid an undisclosed salary out of settlement money for four years ' service on the panel , was on the company 's short list of candidates to lead the panel , according to the company , and she was the only person Coke brought to Atlanta to be interviewed .
Johnson & Johnson , which challenges the statistical significance of the safety problems cited in the journal articles , says it has asked a noted Harvard cardiologist , Dr. Eugene Braunwald , to form a team of outside doctors to evaluate Natrecor 's risks and benefits .
As Yahoo has fallen further behind Google , there has been increasing criticism of Mr. Semel 's leadership as slow , indecisive and unfocused .
That drop came after the bank 's shares fell by $ 14.125 on Monday , after it was disclosed that Berkshire Hathaway , the holding company controlled by the investor Warren E. Buffett , had sold 300,000 of its Wells Fargo shares .
McDonald 's was more forthcoming and said its board members receive an annual fee of $ 7,500 .
The program began in January and Wal-Mart was on board immediately , a spokesman for the show , Joel Brokaw , said .
Reliant Energy , a member of the utility index , fell $ 5.77 , to $ 7.90 , after Senate investigators said it was among the companies that Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney unit had suggested use transactions similar to ones used by Enron .
Yesterday 's move , which was widely expected , opens the door for Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation to revive its long-frustrated efforts to enter the satellite television business in the United States .
Marsh arranges the insurance coverage for about 40 percent of corporate America , and Aon handles 30 percent .
Adobe also announced it would repurchase $ 1 billion in stock in the 12 months after the deal closes in the fall .
Still , he told analysts that ''you should expect strong investment income from Microsoft '' in the future generally .
But Texaco , chastened by waning market interest and its own missteps , seemed ready to take an even lower offer this year and also agreed to what had once been an irksome proposition : that a Chevron executive run the company .
Wall Street boards are known for their coziness and Morgan Stanley , which has four directors who , like Mr. Purcell are former McKinsey partners has been criticized for being too accepting of Mr. Purcell 's dictates .
Then , in November , the Justice Department and several other states agreed to a settlement with Microsoft .
After two years of execution troubles , Intel said it was ahead of schedule in the introduction of its Pentium 4 microprocessor and its complementary components , known as the 845 chipset .
Time Warner would hold the remaining 84 percent of the shares in the new publicly traded Time Warner Cable .
Registered eBay members can click on the ''charity '' link on the home page and a list of dozens of auctions appear , many offering creative items for bid ; unregistered users can find charity auctions by going to Pages.ebay.com/givingworks .
In February , Humana told doctors in Georgia and six other states in the Southeast that it was at least 60 days late on $ 112 million in claims for treatment of military families .
International Business Machines Corp has refashioned itself as Internet leader , exploiting Internet growth to rejuvenate company ; rise of Internet played to IBM 's traditional strengths , requiring powerful centralized computers to serve up data to millions of viewers ; company has revamped image by running Web sites for small businesses ; larger companies remain IBM 's bread-and-butter business , often hiring IBM to help them use power of Internet technology in business-to-business commerce ; photos ( M )
The newly merged bank will take the Wells Fargo name , and be based in San Francisco .
Exit 13 , where the Interstate meets the busy Route 9 , is already home to about a third of the 2,629 hotel rooms in Dutchess County , thanks largely to the presence of large companies like I.B.M .
And the Motorola announcement , which came after trading on the New York Stock Exchange had ended for the day , was only the latest in a series of recent disappointments from Motorola .
Adobe has improved the Help menu to include detailed instructions for some of CS2 's more complicated new features .
''It 's not just Nike , '' he said .
Mr. Henley said Oracle , based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , expected to receive approval from both those agencies early next year .
Apple Computer introduces Mac Mini , priced as low as $ 499 without keyboard , monitor or mouse , and aimed at digitally-inclined households that consider computers simply another entertainment and communication device ; new strategy moves Apple deeply into consumer electronics and will likely intensify battle with Microsoft ; success of IPod digital music player has already pulled Apple into mass market and may persuade consumers to try Mac Mini ; co-founder Steven P Jobs explains ; photos ; Apple has only about three percent of computer market and question remains whehter PC users will try Macintosh machines in large numbers ( M )
SAN FRANCISCO , Dec 19 ( Reuters ) -- The dissident shareholder Carl Icahn on Monday labeled as ''disastrous '' a deal set between Time Warner Inc. 's America Online unit and Web search enginer Google Inc. , arguing that AOL could do better .
Charles H Bell , son of founder of General Mills who helped transform flour-milling company into international diversified food manufacturer , dies at age 95 ( S )
Facing criticism from a member of Congress and privacy advocacy groups , the Comcast Corporation said today that it would no longer store data that would enable it to track individual subscribers ' Internet surfing habits .
Kellogg Co will assign advertising for new line of cereals , Country Inn Specialties , to J Walter Thompson USA , part of J Walter Thompson Co ; billings undisclosed ( S )
Boeing has worked since January 2000 with the Seattle office of FCB Worldwide , now part of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
Comcast 's revenues rose 10.2 percent , to $ 5.1 billion , compared with a year earlier .
As a result , he said Moody 's had decided to put Computer Associates ' bond ratings on review for a possible lowering .
Judge Jackson 's findings concluded that Microsoft was a rapacious monopoly whose actions harmed the industry and consumers .
But Johnson & Johnson hopes the results , published late yesterday in The Journal of the American Medical Association , will aid its drive to erode Boston Scientific 's dominance in the $ 5 billion market for drug-coated stents .
''Boeing is more than one company ; it is a critical industry and it was being eroded because of the subsidies given to Airbus , '' said Senator Patty Murray , Democrat of Washington State , which is granting tax incentives to Boeing to assemble the 787 at its manufacturing base there .
The Procter-Gillette merger would be the largest acquisition in the nation since J.P. Morgan Chase acquired Bank One for $ 60 billion last year and it is the latest in a raft of mergers in the last several months that have swept across corporate America as boardroom confidence has surged .
And last June a federal appeals court here issued an opinion that was skeptical of the breakup and made it more difficult to challenge Microsoft 's practice of bundling its programs .
The Bell South Corporation in Atlanta said yesterday that it had awarded responsibilities for consolidated media buying on its account , with billings estimated at $ 150 million to $ 175 million , to the Atlanta office of Western International Media , which is owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies .
While Airbus and Boeing have the certification process for new models down to a science , often breezing through it in a year or less , Ilyushin struggled for five years to get approval .
The battle is sure to be protracted unless Pfizer is prepared to drop the conditions of its offer or sweeten its bid , analysts said .
Personalities and military contracts aside , Boeing has compelling reasons to slow the march of Airbus , which has reduced Boeing 's share of the commercial aircraft market to 50 percent , from 70 percent , in just five years .
The controversy boiled over on Saturday at a breakfast meeting here where Craig R. Barrett , the chairman of Intel , squared off with Nicholas P. Negroponte , the former director of the M.I.T .
Intertainer already has a service , and Akamai can do this , right here , right now . ''
Wal-Mart did not reveal its partners , but media executives involved in the deal said that all the major studios are either on board or in active talks with the retailer , and that Hewlett-Packard is providing the technology for the download site .
In an interview , Mr. Armstrong said that Microsoft could be a major supplier to the broadband industry but it would not control the essential software technology as it does in the PC industry .
News Corp says its profit rose 69 percent in fiscal third quarter ended March 31 ; net income was $ 465 million compared with $ 275 million year earlier ; revenue rose 19 percent , to $ 5.2 billion , from $ 4.4 billion year ago ; chief executive Rupert Murdoch comments ( M )
Consolidated Edison has asked New York regulators to let it withhold millions of dollars in consumer rebates to pay for World Trade Center-related damages , in case promised federal aid proves to be inadequate .
Although Hasbro sold $ 500 million worth of ''Star Wars '' toys when the latest movie in the series came out in 1999 , another $ 150 million worth of C-3PO figurines and light sabers were left unsold on retailers ' shelves after enthusiasm for the film died out .
and Honeywell , including G.E .
Introducing major new drugs on a regular basis is crucial for Pfizer .
Goldman 's trading revenue slumped 34 percent in the most recent three months compared with the previous quarter , while Morgan Stanley said its debt-trading revenue slipped 16 percent and equity-trading revenue dropped 41 percent .
Under the terms of the $ 36 billion deal , Chevron will swap 0.77 share -- the equivalent of $ 64.87 based on Friday 's closing price -- for every share of Texaco .
During the 11 months when Mr. Grubman rated AT & T 's stock a ''buy , '' the company hired the Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit of Citigroup to underwrite the initial public offering of stock in AT & T 's wireless unit .
AT & T became the country 's largest phone company in November when SBC Communications , one of the original seven Baby Bells , bought AT & T , the old Ma Bell .
At least four hotel owners have sued Marriott or Avendra , contending financial mismanagement .
Then , and now , Microsoft argued that the browser and the operating system were actually one product -- not two products tied together .
For the quarter , Amazon lost $ 43.3 million , or 11 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 93.6 million , or 25 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
Shill bidding , or bidding on one 's own auction , is forbidden by eBay rules and is generally illegal in the traditional auction world .
''We 've lost some business because we did not take American Express , '' Ms. Foxworth said .
Neither Pointcast nor the News Corporation would confirm that negotiations had taken place .
Exxon Mobil said in its statement that it gave financial support to organizations that ''research significant policy issues and promote informed discussion on issues of direct relevance to the company . ''
Russia is now one of McDonald 's fastest-growing markets , along with Western Europe and China .
Motorola 's paging , cellular and semiconductor businesses are all suffering , but the company says that it is refocusing its operations , integrating units and headed toward greater efficiency .
Correction : March 16 , 2005 , Wednesday The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday , about a lawsuit filed by Saatchi & Saatchi against a senior executive who was the global account director for the General Mills account , credited the agency with one campaign erroneously .
Letter by Industry Executives Backs Microsoft
Joe Ettore , chief executive of Ames stores , argues that for him the battle with Wal-Mart is already over .
CBS and National Collegiate Athletic Association sign 11-year agreement with Coca-Cola Co valued at more than $ 500 million ; deal awards Coca-Cola marketing and media rights to 87 championship tournaments overseen by NCAA , including annual basketball tournament on CBS ( S )
The software breakthrough comes as the computing industry awaits the arrival next year of Intel 's Merced microprocessor family , designed for high-performance computers .
As is typical for the company , Amazon will not disclose much about the behavior of its grocery customers , such as whether they are likely to also fill their shopping baskets with higher-profit goods from other parts of the site .
Tylenol is produced by a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson .
Those claims dealt primarily with changes that I.B.M .
In considering charging Microsoft with monopolistic practices , Justice Department lawyers have consulted a discussion of Qwerty in ''Competing Technologies , Increasing Returns and Lock-In by Historical Events , '' a 1989 paper by the economist Dr. Brian Arthur in the academic periodical Economic Journal .
Within American Express , however , he is better known for being one of the few longtime executives left at the company who worked his way up through the charge-card business .
Molson brewing company is reviewing its plan to allow its executives , directors and employees to use their options to vote on proposed merger with Adolph Coors Co ( S )
Instead , Mr. Gilmartin said , Merck would use the money from the sale to pay for small acquisitions and licensing deals , and he dismissed suggestions by analysts that the company would enter into any large transactions .
Intel plans to add WiFi to chips for portable computing devices only , not for desktop computers .
While the new job is a step up in responsibility and compensation , top bankers at Morgan Stanley -- at least until recently -- rarely left the firm , choosing to make their names and fortunes with a team that is rivaled only by Goldman Sachs as the mergers-and-acquisitions elite .
Prudential still has about 242,000 Coca-Cola Enterprises shares in its portfolio .
As Yahoo fell further behind Google , some managers grew increasingly dissatisfied and called for more radical changes in strategy and culture .
The newsletter noted that the securities commission 's inquiry had opened the same day that an article in The New York Times raised questions about how International Business Machines had accounted for the sale of a business ; the sale had the effect of reducing operating costs and lifting reported earnings for the fourth quarter of last year .
I.B.M .
Under the terms of the agreement among Microsoft , the Justice Department and most of the states that participated in the 1998 antitrust trial , Microsoft is prohibited from pressuring computer makers over the software they include with their machines .
Takes Toll on Intel Sales and Profit
Some analysts were scathing in their assessment of Boston Scientific 's move .
Indeed , Coca-Cola played down the currency issue in its earnings announcement , failing to say how much unfavorable exchange rates affected profits .
It was approved by the boards of True North and Interpublic without discussions with Publicis , which owns 9 percent of True North .
''There can be a chain reaction if Cisco has good earnings , '' he said .
Johnson County USD , $ 92.3 million of general obligation bonds for Olathe , Kan. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray .
Coca-Cola Co is beginning monthlong marketing blitz that includes advertising during high-profile events like Super Bowl XXXII and Winter Olympics ; new commercials will include first work for Diet Coke from Wieden & Kennedy advertising agency ( S )
Elf 's deal is with Gulf Oil Ltd. , a subsidiary of the Chevron Corporation , and Murco Petroleum Ltd. , a unit of the Murphy Oil Corporation .
Indeed , some senior Interpublic executives have referred to Bank of America as ''bank '' -- as if there could have been no doubt which bank they meant .
Whatever happens next , there is a good chance that Microsoft may end up with a bigger stake in AT & T 's cable business .
At $ 29.95 , Morgan Stanley has set its new on-line commissions to match Schwab and Merrill , making that the high-end benchmark .
The transformation has also affected bottom lines at the three large public pharmaceutical distribution companies -- AmerisourceBergen , Cardinal Health and McKesson .
For that , Time Warner will charge $ 39.95 a month , plus an installation fee that ranges from $ 75 to $ 300 , depending on the type of computer a customer owns .
The company will still have to reach agreements with each regional Time Warner Cable provider , and it will have access to only those Time Warner customers that have been switched over to digital cable service .
The celebrated strivers who make it through a nomination and selection process at Apple and its advertising agency , the TBWA Chiat/Day unit of TBWA Worldwide in Venice , Calif. , are portrayed in the ads as larger-than-life icons in striking black-and-white photographs .
Citigroup is betting that its lending practices and broader set of products like checking accounts might spur Egg 's turnaroud .
The flurry of recent deals is a result of the strategy pursued by Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , I.B.M .
Mr. Friedman , 64 , is a former co-chairman of Goldman Sachs who once ran the investment banking firm alongside Robert E. Rubin .
A Microsoft spokesman , Jim Cullinan , said : ''We believe our responses have been consistent from Day 1 of this lawsuit to today -- that our actions are good for consumers and good for competition .
Comcast 's bid was worth $ 23.90 a share yesterday , or about $ 50 billion .
Microsoft now anticipates regulatory reviews as just another step in its development of Windows , the dominant PC operating system .
Mr. Williams started and rode herd over the team that devised Bank of America 's statewide distribution of the cards in 1958 in California , by far the biggest such plan ever tried .
The heated rivalry between Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific has been most evident in the $ 5 billion market for drug-coated coronary stents , tiny cylinders that prop open arteries .
AT & T Cultural Foundation invites 68 of country 's better-known theater companies to submit new play or musical in annual contest called AT & T OnStage and , after winnowing process , selects seven companies for grants of up to $ 85,000 to help put plays into production ; Cleveland Play House is one of companies invited and wins grant for its entry , Bright Ideas , dark comedy by Eric Coble ; photos ( M ) ( Special section , Giving )
Mr. Appel said that MBNA explained to him that it invited most of his group 's 100,000 members to apply for American Express cards this fall .
Not surprisingly , news of the proposed deal with Time Warner immediately strengthened European media stocks , partly on speculation that they would become takeover targets as well .
Microsoft said it was taking a charge of $ 660 million , or 8 cents a share , to cover estimated expenses in connection with the consumer class-action lawsuits spawned by the Justice Department 's antitrust lawsuit against the company , which is based in Redmond , Wash .
Within Time Warner , executives debated what to do if Disney stood its ground .
The states say Microsoft should be made to produce such a program to restore competition after an appeals court ruled last June that the company violated antitrust laws to defend its monopoly on operating systems .
SCO contends that I.B.M .
New rule that will let cellular phone customers take their phone numbers with them when they switch providers is expected to be watershed for major mobile phone companies , with some likely to gain market share and others to lose so much they may become takeover targets ; new survey by In-Stat/MDR suggests Verizon Wireless is least vulnerable to customer exodus ; graph ; photo ( M )
YOU could say the sky 's the limit as American Express returns to the realm of reality television , because its partner this time is an airline rather than a restaurant or a hair salon .
Federal appeals court refuses to consider its ruling that Microsoft illegally blended Internet browsing software with its monopoly product , Windows operating system ; next stage contains deliberations regarding sanctions to impose on company ( M )
Gemfire , a startup that designs microchip components for optical communications networks , said it had raised $ 63 million in new funds from its original venture capital backers and a group of companies , including Cisco Systems and Corning .
By 2006 , the companies plan to offer the ability to start a conference session from desktop applications like Microsoft Office with a few clicks of a computer mouse , said Anupam Sahai , the director of system architecture and technology for Polycom .
BLUE MARTINI AND INTEL IN PACT
Among the makers of the equipment that knit the Internet , telephone systems and computer databases together , Huawei ( pronounced HWAH-way ) still stands deep in the shadows of industry heavyweights like Cisco Systems Inc. and the Nortel Networks Corporation .
Last year , according to the International Data Corporation , Palm machines accounted for nearly 85 percent of the market compared with 10 percent for hand-held machines running the Microsoft software .
Mr. Rather said he had turned down what he characterized as the only offer the network had made for future employment -- an office and a secretary at CBS News , but no affiliation with any programs .
That night , Mr. Dimon flew to Midland , Mich. , where Dow Chemical is based , to have dinner on the second floor of the Midland Country Club , known as the Dow Club , with Mr. Liveris .
Microsoft 's rivals in the market for server software have said the company has played a stalling game by design , gaining market share all the while by unfairly leveraging its dominance of PC desktops .
Citigroup said it was cooperating with the investigation but declined to comment on the matter beyond what it disclosed in its securities filing .
Next month , R. R. Donnelley & Sons , the printing company , will begin using a digital offset printing process to print four-color books in small runs of 2,500 to 25,000 -- a publishing service that Xerox also provides .
Mr. Kassan charged that Interpublic was ''orchestrating a scheme '' to either force him to resign or invent a reason to dismiss him and to ''ruin his reputation '' with actions that included disseminating statements that he ''was on an extended leave of absence from Western because of his role in financial misconduct . ''
Amazon 's searchable archive also appears to be part of the company 's response to the four-year-old Google , which is changing the way people use the Internet , gather information , advertise and shop .
Hoping to snuff speculation that Citigroup has a bigger stake in Brasil Telecom than it has disclosed , Ms. Cico said in a phone interview that she would reassure Brazil 's telecommunications agency , Anatel , that control of the company rests with a consortium of investors in which Citigroup has a minority stake .
Shares of both Johnson & Johnson and Guidant rose yesterday .
MICHAEL I. ROTH , the new chief executive of Interpublic , the agency company , has not written advertisements , managed accounts , supervised the production of commercials or schmoozed with chief marketing officers at cocktail parties .
The fact that business fares are high and going higher was underscored anew by the American Express business air fare index released yesterday .
The four companies -- America Online , Earthlink , Yahoo and Microsoft -- filed suits in federal courts in their home states against different groups of suspected spammers .
Last year Wal-Mart built 75 retail stores in different formats .
A huge effect , if not immediate , is also expected for Time Warner 's music division , which will become the first major record company to be so closely affiliated with an Internet company through an ability to deliver music online .
This month , Legg Mason completed an asset swap with Citigroup that gave it control of Citigroup 's $ 400 billion investment division , while Citigroup took over Legg Mason 's small team of 1,400 brokers .
The Netscape Communications Corporation , the commercial pioneer in Web browsing software , whose fortunes faded after a withering assault from Microsoft , filed a broad antitrust suit yesterday against the company .
Mr. Ellison said Oracle had gained many customers at the expense of PeopleSoft .
An audit of the Future Imagery Architecture project that was completed this summer by the Senate Intelligence Committee blamed both Boeing and the reconnaissance office for the project 's problems , a Congressional official said .
The co-founders of Home Depot , Arthur M. Blank and Bernard Marcus , grew very rich on company stock that soared in value .
Sony 's year-old PlayStation2 dominated the market , which received a strong lift in November from new consoles from Nintendo and Microsoft .
When AT & T says it must acquire BellSouth to compete against a new generation of telephone providers , what it is worried about is losing more people like Mike Habib .
''There have to be other issues impacting Gap .
Two months ago , Mr. Klein filed a court challenge to the Microsoft Corporation 's marketing strategy , which required all computer makers who wanted to install the software giant 's Windows 95 , the world 's most popular operating system , to also install its Internet browser .
In a paper delivered to the Optical Society of America and the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers , an A.T. & T. team reported transmitting 6.8 gigabits , or billion bits , of information a second with a new configuration of lasers .
So , too , were executives from American Express ; the DC Comics division of Time Warner , home to the superhero character ; and agencies like Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide that worked on the Web commercials , along with Barry Levinson , the movie director who makes his advertising debut directing the two Superman-Seinfeld shorts .
One Time Warner official said that Warner Brothers executives had met with representatives of women 's groups at Warner Brothers ' offices in Burbank , Calif. , last week .
is represented in the value of News Corporation 's interest in film , TV and cable networks , '' he said .
To succeed , Microsoft will have to overcome some daunting obstacles in technology , sales and support operations .
While many manufacturers of consumer products have stumbled in recent months , Johnson & Johnson consumer sales increased 14 percent in the quarter , to $ 921 million .
Recently , Kodak and Hewlett-Packard dissolved Phogenix , their joint venture to make prints from digital cameras , in part because the technology never worked properly .
By dessert , they had agreed on the size of the stake -- about 45 percent -- that Time Warner shareholders would get in a combined company .
Floyd Norris column on financial maneuvers used by J P Morgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc in its dealings with Enron Corp ; holds one clever Chase deal let Enron show millions in debt as not being debt at all , but money due to part-owner of Enron subsidiary ; says Chase vice president Marc J Shapiro said this week that year ago is was seen as good thing if debt was removed from balance sheet , but now it is seen as bad ; adds Shapiro told analysts that Chase had no legal liability because it believed -- and still believes -- that Enron 's accounting for transactions was proper ; graph ( M )
For the fiscal second quarter ended March 27 , Apple reported earnings of $ 55 million , or 38 cents a fully diluted share , compared with a loss of $ 708 million , or $ 5.64 a share , in the comparable period a year earlier .
( The Accenture crew fessed up at the end of the meeting . )
The reshuffling in the executive suite sent John J. Dooner Jr. , the chairman and chief executive at Interpublic , back to the McCann-Erickson World Group , the division he headed before being promoted to lead Interpublic , the No .
And Procter & Gamble announced that it had about $ 10.7 billion in foreign profits that could be brought back at a fraction of the normal corporate tax rates .
The Motley Fool is expected to announce today that C. Patrick Garner , a Coca-Cola Company executive , will become its new chief executive .
''We do not want to be the one authentication scheme across the Internet , '' said Robert Muglia , a group vice president of Microsoft .
But while the Power PC became the mainstay of the Macintosh , Apple 's market share continued to slip and the alliance failed to loosen Intel 's tightening grip on the market for desktop computer chips .
Coca-Cola fell $ 2.18 , to $ 45.25 , and Johnson & Johnson fell $ 3.57 , to $ 87.23 .
Stuart Elliott Advertising column on advertisers that are broading their pitches of products for gay men and lesbians from print media to television , Internet , radio and even movies ; Stolichnaya is sponsoring documentary Be Real and complementary Web site , in form of profiles of six lesbians and gay men ; Viacom 's year-old cable TV network and Web site Logo is aimed at homosexuals as well as their friends and families ; photo ( M )
He poured large sums into creating a cooler image for Adidas with young people tired of Nike 's in-your-face style .
''AT & T has largely met our expectations for this quarter , so we feel the pace of deceleration seems to have eased somewhat , '' said Simon Flannery , an analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
In that deal , AT & T guaranteed Cox and Comcast a minimum price for their Excite @ Home shares .
Yahoo is trying to fend off its rival by emphasizing the wide range and consistent approach of its Swiss army knife of services .
The Chinese also agreed in the talks to concede to administration demands to crack down on counterfeiting and piracy of intellectual property rights , to fully open their markets six months ahead of schedule and to sign international treaties protecting intellectual property rights on the Internet .
Mr. Kernaghan , who has publicized working conditions at factories producing for the Gap and the Kathie Lee Gifford line , invited Ms. Rahman and two other Bangladeshi workers to the United States to advance a broader campaign .
Local executives from General Motors , the investor , flew in to the central state of San Luis Potosí , where the assembly plant now under construction is expected to eventually employ up to 1,800 people and churn out as many as 160,000 compact cars a year .
Mr. Rashtchy estimates that Yahoo 's search ad revenue was $ 442 million in the third quarter , up 43 percent from last year .
In announcing the I.B.M .
But he said , ''these things come in waves , '' in addressing Intel 's ability to win market share .
Prince III , 52 , who had been Citigroup 's chief operating officer and chief legal counsel , comes after months of bad publicity for the investment bank , resulting in a decline in Citigroup 's stock .
Campbell has already had success selling the salsas of its Pace brand in Canada and has enjoyed strong double-digit growth in Germany .
The challenges for Wal-Mart are significant .
Last year , when Mr. Lee left Microsoft , it sued Google and Mr. Lee .
General Mills is also changing how it will pay its agencies .
microsoft shuffles leadership** Microsoft reshuffles its management in effort to make it more nimble as company tries to lift its growth and compete with fast-moving rivals like Google ; seven business units will be collapsed into three divisions , each led by executive who will carry title of president : James Allchin and Kevin Johnson , co-presidents of platform products and services division , Jeff Raikes president of business division , and Robbie Bach president of entertainment and devices division ; Bill Gates , chairman , and Steven A Ballmer , chief executive , are delegating more authority to presidents ( M )
Positions harden in dispute between Microsoft Corp and America Online as Microsoft rebuffs America Online 's invitation to broker deal that would allow Microsoft link to America Online 's popular instant message system ; America Online says Microsoft is behaving like hacker by connecting to its network without authorization , but Microsoft denies any wrongdoing ; dispute arose after Microsoft introduced new software that lets users send instant messages both to users of Microsoft 's Hotmal service and to America Online 's service and those who use AOL Instant Messenger ; Microsoft has isued several new versions of software as America Online has cut off each preceding version ( M )
Andrea Jenkins , formerly creative director at Microsoft 's Sidewalk San Francisco Web guide , said when she showed up for her first day at work , she was surprised to learn that she would have to use a computer running Microsoft Windows , as opposed to a Macintosh computer .
A statement by the technician , Mark Klein , and several company documents he saved after retiring in 2004 , were filed on Wednesday in a class-action lawsuit against AT & T .
Microsoft Urges Users to Install a Patch to a Software Flaw
Interpublic shares fell 5 cents , or 0.4 percent , to $ 12.13 on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday after trading as low as $ 11.92 .
The Workplace desktop , I.B.M .
And , in fact , Amazon was issuing refunds on the difference in price to customers who bought best-selling books shortly before its announcement of the discounts .
Wal-Mart de Mexico is now the country 's largest private employer .
Some of Morgan Stanley 's competitors , including Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse First Boston , have eliminated many more jobs , and some analysts said they expected Morgan Stanley to cut further .
''I feel we 're really on the cusp of this taking off , but know from my experiences inside Cisco how difficult it would have been to innovate . ''
In January , Microsoft agreed to pay up to $ 1.1 billion to California consumers , settling the largest class-action claim .
The post of chief operating officer at Microsoft has proved daunting over the years , lucrative yet precarious .
Mr. Thomas , who left I.B.M .
Wal-Mart has long insisted that it was not interested in branch banking but was looking to use the bank as a way to save money .
IBM reports declining revenue and profit in second quarter but beats Wall Street 's estimates ; net income dropped 97 percent , to $ 56 million , compared with $ 2.04 billion year earlier ; total revenue was $ 20 billion ; chief financial officer John R Joyce comments ( M )
For its full fiscal 2006 , Cisco reported sales of $ 28.5 billion , of which Scientific-Atlanta contributed $ 989 million .
The Campbell commercials echo the tactics and tone of the commercials that have been running since late 1998 for Progresso , down to deriding the eating of the competitor 's brand as a childish habit that adults ought to outgrow .
It adds more than a million new subscribers every month or so , and its nearest competitors , the Microsoft Network , EarthLink and the prospective merger partners NetZero and Juno , have fewer than 20 million combined .
Amazon.com is reportedly in talks with several large book publishers about ambitious and expensive plan to assemble searchable online archive of texts of tens of thousands of nonfiction books ; would limit how much of any given book user could read ; sees plan helping to sell more books while better serving its own online customers ; plan seems to be part of strategy to compete with online search services for customers ' time and attention ; photos ( M )
Maximino Méndez , 19 , a Mexican who worked in a Wal-Mart in Old Bridge , N.J. , said he was one of the nine plaintiffs in the suit because ''Wal-Mart violated our rights . ''
Comcast 's hostile approach to Disney closely mirrors the company 's successful effort to acquire AT & T 's cable operations in 2001 .
Although several hundred of its 20,000 city employees would move to the new location outside New York , there would be no net job loss to the city , as other jobs would be moved here , Verizon executives assured Mr. Bloomberg , who negotiated personally with Ivan Seidenberg , the company 's chief executive .
PeopleSoft reiterated its position that Oracle 's offer undervalues the company and would probably be blocked by antitrust regulators .
Only a few nonsmart models , primarily newer Razr models and a few Nokia phones , can run Yahoo Go .
Aon , the world 's second-largest insurance broker , is close to a settlement with the attorneys general of New York , Connecticut and Illinois that would end investigations into hidden incentive payments that it received from insurance companies .
That Cisco tried to initiate talks again late last year was surprising , said Mr. LeBeau .
Merck has not decided whether to continue using the two law firms that represented it in the Texas case , Fulbright & Jaworski and Williams & Connolly , Mr. Frazier said .
American Express predicts a respite next year from recent major increases in business travel costs .
If MCI is acquired by Qwest , MCI will owe Verizon $ 200 million in break-up fees .
Market Place column on challenge chief exec Philip J Purcell faces in convincing skeptical investors that he can turn around Morgan Stanley 's struggling retail division ; monthlong controversy over firm 's future and continued weakness of its stock has spurred some top brokers , long seen as base of Purcell 's support , to move to competitors ; dissident executives who seek his resignation stress division 's poor performance ( M )
Correction : October 12 , 2000 , Thursday A front-page article on Monday about rising prices in bookstores referred incorrectly to prices of discounted books at Amazon.com .
Terry Semel , the chairman and chief executive of Yahoo , said , ''HotJobs bolsters our listings offering by instantly positioning Yahoo as the No .
FBI 's National Infrastructure Protection Center reverses course and says free software patch offered by Microsoft Corp does protect against serious flaws in Windows XP , its latest version of Windows software ( S )
Cisco Sales Rise 61 % in Quarter as Company Continues to Gain From Internet Growth
The decision gives Microsoft greater breathing room to pursue its appeals , relieves the company of any pressure to return any time soon to the bargaining table and , in the absence of a settlement , could have the effect of prolonging a final court judgment by a year or longer .
By then , Mr. Klein , a political appointee , and Mr. Boies , a renowned litigator hired to present the case against Microsoft , will most likely have gone on elsewhere , legal experts say .
Established media companies are nervous in wake of America Online 's acquisition of Time Warner Inc , old media company ; executives of older media companies are proclaiming that value of their information has been vindicated ; News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch is reported saying that he has ruled out buying or merging with Internet company , but when company 's stock falls , spokesman for Murdoch issues clarification , saying that News Corp would consider any deal that is good for enterprise and its shareholders ; New York Times Co president-chief executive Russell T Lewis says AOL-Time Warner deal validates time-tested notion that content is critical to success in any medium , including the Internet ; says this is consistent with our strategy of providing high-quality news , information and interaction ( M )
Yet the contretemps with Hasbro points to some vulnerabilities that come with being the mightiest talent agency in Hollywood , not the least of them the difficulty of minding what has become a very large store .
As part of the settlement , Intergraph will sell unrelated patents to Intel .
Microsoft To License I.B.M .
Apple 's co-founder and chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , said the company selected the people in the ads from more than 10,000 e-mail messages it had received as unsolicited testimonials .
Fred Anderson , Apple 's chief financial officer , said today that revenue in the third quarter would probably be flat compared with the second , but that fourth quarter revenue would be up from the third quarter .
Microsoft Corp appeals Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's order that pretrial questioning of its chairman , William H Gates , and 16 employees in Government 's antitrust action be opened to public and news media ; Jackson refuses to postpone order he issued that depositions of Gates and others take place soon so that Sept 8 trial date he has set is not delayed ; appeal will be heard within the next week ( M )
Coleman Peterson , who retired as executive vice president in charge of Wal-Mart 's ''people division '' in April after 10 years with the company , warned board members as early as 1999 that Wal-Mart was not in step with other retailers and major companies in its promotion of women .
The number of investment bankers who leave for competing firms in the coming months will serve as a crucial test of the promise that Mr. Purcell has made to his board and his shareholders that he is capable of uniting Morgan Stanley .
Time Warner executives now acknowledge that they erred .
On Monday , top antitrust regulators from the 15 nations in the European Union will gather here in the Centre Borschette , a bunkerlike building a stone 's throw from the headquarters of the European Commission , to discuss a draft ruling that finds Microsoft guilty of abusing its dominance in operating software .
Kodak 's chief executive , George M. C. Fisher , said in a statement that if the weak operating performance the company experienced in July and August continued , Kodak 's earnings for the year could be as much as 25 percent below the $ 4.50 a share it achieved in 1996 .
Memo Pad column ; United and other major airlines hastily withdraw $ 50 hikes in one-way business fares after American Airlines fails to join in ; $ 2 to $ 5 increases in leisure travel fares seem to be holding ; Delta adds five new nonstop flights between La Guardia in New York and O'Hare in Chicago ; Virgin Atlantic Airways plans marketing campaign to increase business-class travelers by 10 percent in next 12 months ( M )
That would ensure that Microsoft did not condition its dealings with other companies on their willingness to support other Microsoft products or ventures , he said .
Citigroup Global Markets , Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch .
In an effort to re-establish a presence in laptop computers , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. introduced a new line of mobile microprocessors today , using a name that takes advantage of the branding strength of its biggest rival , the Intel Corporation .
''I suspect Honeywell will eventually be a minority shareholder in the site , but that will be fine if it gives us access to more customers , '' he said .
Top chip designers from Intel and Hewlett-Packard gave the first public briefing today on the ultrafast microprocessor chip that the companies hope can dominate computing in the next decade the way Intel chips have held sway in the 1980 's and 90 's .
Both the ham and the sausage patty at Starbucks were meatier and less greasy than the meats at McDonald 's , and there was surprisingly little difference in the taste of the eggs -- both had almost no flavor .
But a growing chorus of financial analysts and accountants is trying to strip the gears of the Coca-Cola Company .
So , in April 1997 , she left her business , took a pay cut and joined the legions of marketing professionals at the Microsoft Corporation , in suburban Redmond .
Under the terms of the agreement , Intuit will purchase Compaq equipment , technology and services to run its Web sites and Compaq will advertise on Intuit 's Web sites , including Quicken.com .
AT & T School Offer : Free Internet Access
The next month , the top executives of the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers protested in a conference call with Jeffrey P. Bezos , chief executive of Amazon .
And this worries Jay Senese , who sells CD 's on eBay with his wife , Marie .
''Citigroup presided over some of the worst scandals on Wall Street , and Sandy Weill was personally connected to one of them , '' said Paul Hodgson , a compensation analyst with the Corporate Library , a research group in Portland , Me. , referring to Mr. Weill 's relationship with Mr. Grubman .
If Roche tracked reports of the condition as carefully as Johnson & Johnson did , he added , ''they probably would have come in the same ballpark we have been in . ''
B Sky B , the satellite television broadcaster in which the News Corporation owns a 36 percent stake , owns 22 percent of Premiere and has an option to sell that stake back to Kirch for $ 1.5 billion .
If filed as planned , the suit would be the second front in the Federal Government 's assault on Wintel , as the personal computer juggernaut built around the Microsoft Corporation 's Windows operating system and Intel 's microprocessors is known in industry parlance .
Developers of products like Microware Windows -- graphical window software that preceded Microsoft 's entry -- may take issue with Mr. Gates 's claim .
Intel said yesterday that its next-generation processor , code-named Merced , is on track for production in mid-2000 , and that its successor , now known as McKinley , will be twice as fast and available in 2001 .
Morgan Stanley Will Pay West Virginia $ 20 Million
The Xerox Corporation , citing lower sales at a time of rising costs , warned investors yesterday that it would report a third-quarter loss of 15 cents to 20 cents a share .
In the Verizon case , a federal judge in Washington ruled that the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 required the company to reveal the identities of its customers even though the industry 's subpoenas had not been individually reviewed by a judge .
Less than an hour before state and Federal governments were set to file sweeping antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corporation , the company announced today that it would postpone the release of its new operating system , Windows 98 , for three days so that settlement talks could proceed .
One move was naming Michael Sears , the chief financial officer of Boeing , to the board as an independent director .
''That 's the footprint in the snow for Intel 's future . ''
By the time competitors like Guidant entered the market in 1997 , Johnson & Johnson was vulnerable .
AirTran 's Boeing 717 's can not fly from the airline 's hub in Atlanta to the West Coast .
Still the companies involved seemed caught off guard by Procter 's actions .
Thus General Motors has invested heavily in its site , which is filled with detailed information about G.M .
Executives were also concerned that hostile bids , rare in the pharmaceutical industry , would now become common practice , even though there has already been significant discussion that Pfizer made a few public blunders .
Although it can not play Windows Media Audio ( WMA ) files itself , Apple 's iTunes program can convert unprotected WMA files to AAC .
In a pair of vigorously worded dissents published yesterday , Ms. Azcuenaga and Mr. Starek argued that Time Warner 's merger with Turner did not violate any antitrust laws and should have been approved with no strings attached .
But Yahoo 's performance in the fastest-growing Internet market -- Web search -- continued to lag behind that of Google .
inquiry at Aon put investors on edge -- even though they said their instincts told them that improprieties were unlikely at Aon .
Verizon will spend 14 percent less on fixed-line equipment in 2004 than it did last year , while the capital spending budgets of SBC and BellSouth will be mostly unchanged , according to analysts .
Tyco International acquires medical device maker C R Bard for $ 3.13 billion in stock ; Medtronic Inc plans to buy MiniMed Inc and allied Medical Research Group for $ 3.7 billion in cash and stock ( M )
At Comcast and other companies , the first subpoenas were dated July 3 , the last day before the holiday weekend , and they required the companies to provide the information within seven days .
In a related action , industry officials said that the Supreme Court was expected to make known next week whether it would take up an attempt by two of the defendants , the United Healthcare Corporation and PacifiCare Health Systems , to overturn a decision by the Atlanta appeals court that upheld a ruling by Judge Moreno .
The European Union has also balked at the plan , although Coca-Cola and Cadbury executives say it is not clear whether it has jurisdiction in this case .
In a 3-to-2 vote , the Federal Communications Commission ruled that Fox Television Holdings , a subsidary of the News Corporation , could complete its $ 4.4 billion acquisition of Chris-Craft , which owns 10 television stations .
Mr. Dodds forecast that the high price and sale of stock to Abbott would dilute Boston Scientific 's per-share earnings on a cash basis until 2011 and that dilution as more commonly measured on an accounting basis would be even worse .
Corporate bond defaults rise in 2000 to their highest level since recession years of 1990 and 1991 ; Moody 's Investors Service analyst David Hamilton estimates that 6 percent of high-yield bonds defaulted in 2000 and predicts rate of 9.1 percent in 2001 -- or as high as 13 percent if there is recession ; graph ( S )
Still , Tuesday 's agreement by Citigroup to pay a $ 208 million fine to the Securities and Exchange Commission to settle accusations of fraud in the asset management unit 's internal transfer agency business , suggests that management could be clearing the decks for a deal .
The merger , if completed , would produce a company with total revenue only slightly less than that of I.B.M. , the largest computer company .
Thus , Xerox 's earnings were reduced by $ 13 million for 1998 and $ 53 million for 1999 and increased by $ 69 million for 2000 .
Verizon said that 150 phone booths -- from the Battery to Columbia University -- had already been equipped with radio-signal technology , popularly known as Wi-Fi , to enable mobile computer users who are within 300 feet of a booth to connect to the Internet .
Buying Pointcast would give the News Corporation the current leader in Internet push systems , so named because they enable information from around the globe to be automatically sent -- or ''pushed '' -- to a user 's computer on a regular schedule .
On these points , Microsoft has suggested some flexibility .
Pfizer said yesterday that clinical trials of torcetrapib -- a heart medication that is the most important drug in the company 's pipeline -- confirmed that it raises blood pressure , a potentially serious side effect .
The company has also enlarged the drawing of its hobble-skirt-shaped contour Coke bottle , tilted it , and expanded the size of its ''Always Coca-Cola '' red disk to engulf practically the entire can .
One particular dispute concerns whether AT & T benefited from a late , unofficial change in the bidding rules .
Even before Merck began testing Vioxx , Mr. Lanier said , company scientists were concerned that the drug might cause heart attacks by increasing the propensity of the blood to clot .
And if an outsider buys more than 10 percent of Coca-Cola Enterprises ' stock , Coca-Cola can terminate its bottling agreements with Enterprises , which would essentially end the bottler 's business .
One advantage Amazon would hope to have over competitors is its ownership of the Web site imdb.com , which stands for Internet Movie Database .
IVentures , the venture capital fund Procter started this year , has bought stakes in half a dozen companies , typically with investments of $ 2 million to $ 5 million .
''For us , Microsoft 's size is a big advantage , '' said Robert W. Mosolgo , president of Owensville Systems , a six-person start-up in Charlottesville , Va. , which makes network monitoring software .
When asked what gaps Chevron was seeking to fill , Mr. Klitten , without specifically discussing the talks with Texaco , said that his company wanted to add to its domestic production of oil and natural gas to generate the cash to finance its exploration in other parts of the world .
''This is meant to be fun , '' said Fred Khoury , the marketing manager at Progressive Direct who worked on the project .
So some of the tactics Microsoft used in the browser battle should no longer be in the Microsoft arsenal .
Coca-Cola Signs Deal On Programming TV 's
Antonio M. Perez , Kodak 's chief executive , told analysts in July that Kodak would no longer give guidance on future earnings because it was unable to predict when the impact of continuing revamping would hit the bottom line .
On Dec. 11 , Judge Jackson issued a preliminary injunction ordering Microsoft to offer computer makers the option of loading only Windows on their machines , and he appointed a special master to study the technical issues in the case and report back to the court by May 31 .
The Microsoft announcement is the clearest evidence yet that the company , which is struggling in a distant , unprofitable second place in the video game business against Sony , is trying to make its next-generation Xbox game machine more of a peripheral device connected to the PC in the home .
Wal-Mart called the study ''pro-union . ''
It 's Not Only About Price at Wal-Mart ; Defining 3 Types of Shoppers and Finding the Cost-Brand Mix That Sells
Whatever the outcome , Oracle 's pursuit of PeopleSoft speaks to the competitive nature of a business software market widely perceived as so saturated that Oracle is willing to pay $ 7.7 billion essentially to acquire the PeopleSoft customer list .
The two sides are now thrashing out how many tens of millions of dollars Microsoft owes these so-called temps .
The extent of the changes , which cut across every aspect of Boeing 's operations , is enormous .
Many also incorporate the Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition operating system , which adds specialized multimedia features to Windows XP .
The stock was trading at about $ 32 a share before I.B.M .
He failed to reach an agreement with Microsoft on including its Windows software in the laptop , leading Microsoft executives to start discussing what they say is a less expensive alternative : turning a specially configured cellular phone into a computer by connecting it to a TV and a keyboard .
AT & T has one of the best brand identities in the country , and it already advertises on a nationwide scale .
Prince will last as long as his strategy lasts -- or at least until Citigroup 's board comes under attack .
PFIZER wants men to know that Viagra is not just for the 60-and-over crowd .
The Hartford Financial Services Group said it had not received one .
Supporters and critics of proposal to close loophole that lets companies avoid taxes by acquiring mailbox in Bermuda say it would force Boeing , Kodak , Disney and other large exporters to pay higher taxes , while giving new breaks to General Motors , Ford and other companies with factories overseas ; bill , which was introduced by House Republicans last week , would temporarily shut down loophole that Stanley Works and other companies want to use to reduce or eliminate corporate income taxes by moving their nominal corporate headquarters to Bermuda , even while continuing to run their companies from offices in US ; critics say that in addition to three-year moratorium , bill would also create two permanent tax breaks that combined are worth $ 60.8 billion , nearly 10 times size of so-called Bermuda loophole ; add new loopholes tilt incentives in favor of multinationals investing overseas rather than at home ; House Democrats will introduce separate proposal to prevent companies that use Bermuda loophole from doing work for government ; that restrction wouldhave significant effect on some companies ; Republican bill would save mulintational companies $ 37.4 billion in US taxes over 10 years ( M )
IBM and Infineon , former semiconductor division of Siemens , will announce partnership to hasten development and commercial production of magnetic random access memory chips ; IBM says new goal for commercialization is 2004 ( S )
Work stations and servers based on 64-bit processors represent only a fraction of systems in use in corporations today , and those run either Linux , Unix or a version of Windows that Microsoft released last year for Intel 's Itanium chip .
With that product , Kodak has effectively turned the printing industry business model on its head .
AT & T Comcast will have no control over the trust and must sell its entire holding within five years .
A prominent speed meter on the Netflix page tells you which version you 'll get .
Over Microsoft 's objections , Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the Federal District Court agreed to allow the states to present an expert witness , James Bach , in an attempt to show that the company 's Windows operating system can be broken into different components .
Dow Chemical turns over portfolio of patents for family of designer molecules called dendritic polymers to Dendritic NanoTechnologies ; will receive stake of just over 30 percent in Dendritic ; Starpharma , which is developing drugs based on technology , will inject undisclosed sum into Dendritic , reduce its stake and gain exclusive licenses to some patents ( S )
A spokesman for Google , David Krane , said the company had a strong relationship with Amazon , which is an important advertiser on Google 's search results as well as a showcase for Google 's search-related advertisements .
Further , officials from the Public Service Commission , which regulates utilities , have written letters to Mr. Seidenberg in recent weeks , reminding him of the company 's agreement to keep its headquarters in New York for a ''meaningful '' amount of time after the 1997 merger of Bell Atlantic and Nynex , one of Verizon 's predecessors .
But , he added , ''I do not intend to retire at age 80 from Ford Motor Company . ''
Pfizer 's shares fell 8.6 percent yesterday , closing at their lowest level since 1997 .
All told , the dismissals amount to 1.5 percent of Campbell 's work force .
Advertising campaigns portraying men in general , and husbands and fathers in particular , as objects of ridicule , pity or even scorn have increased as ads belittling women have disappeared ; among them are ads for Bud Light , Domino 's , Hummer , T-Mobile and Verizon ; 'man as a dope ' imagery hyas gathered momentum over last decade , and critics say it has spiraled out of control ( M )
''What happened here is that Wal-Mart did n't make a single payment for 2001 and 2002 and only started paying in 2003 after we asked for permission to go forward as a class action , '' Ms. Grant said .
''Verizon keeps that sort of information for traffic management and to help law enforcement , '' said Sarah Deutsch , a Verizon vice president and associate general counsel .
But America Online soon responded with its own free-service plans , and analysts say the proposed merger is likely to strengthen the company by giving it access to Time Warner 's vast store of movies , television shows , books , magazines and news services -- content just as popular in much of Europe as it is in the United States .
In 1992 , for example , he helped lure Barry Diller , the former chairman of Fox Broadcasting Company , to take over QVC Network , in which Comcast then owned a minority stake .
Microsoft has a head start .
The European Commission is also investigating Intel 's conduct .
The filing does not come to grips with the fact that Microsoft has been found to have repeatedly engaged in serious legal violations , and serious remedies are required . ''
Pfizer plans to introduce the actual campaign later this month in an effort to counter loss of market share for Viagra from two competitors , Cialis and Levitra .
NBC Connect in New York , the division of NBC sales and marketing that develops multimedia advertising packages , and Amazon.com , based in Seattle , have agreed to create an online store that will enable viewers of programs on NBC broadcast and cable networks and stations to buy merchandise mentioned in or related to those programs .
At the Consumer Electronics Show here last week , Microsoft 's chairman , Bill Gates , announced that Alienware , Hewlett-Packard , Niveus Media , Stack9 Systems and RicaVision International would offer PC 's that carried a Microsoft-I.S.F .
If Microsoft can use its monopoly in operating systems to leverage its way into other areas , then consumers will suffer because of price and quality , and the whole system will suffer from loss of innovation . ''
Cyrus Mehri , the lawyer who represented the plaintiffs in the case and also worked on the Texaco bias suit , said that Coke had spent the last year righting a ship that had been going in the wrong direction for some time .
Comcast is set to announce details of new 24-hour digital cable channel for preschoolers which will feature PBS programs like Barney and Friends and Bob the Builder and include commercials ; some public television station managers worry that deal represents protential threat to essential ingredient of PBS 's shows for young children : a commercial-free environment ; photos ( M )
Boeing said it had reached an agreement with three airlines , American , Delta and United , to provide passengers with two-way broadband Internet connections , including access to e-mail , live television , shopping and travel information , and news .
Taking a page out of Coca-Cola 's playbook , with its logoed contour bottles and cans , Campbell plans to create a line of glass-bottled premium-quality , high-margin ready-to-serve soups under the ''Select Soup '' name .
VeriSign , Internet security company , names San Francisco office of Young & Rubicam Advertising as its first agency of record to handle global branding campaign ( S )
If the merger were to go through , PeopleSoft 's customer refund program could make Oracle liable for more than $ 1.5 billion in payments in the event that Oracle violates provisions in PeopleSoft contracts .
Morgan Stanley Giving a Pep Talk To Stock Investors
The approach , they noted , ensures that I.B.M .
Advisory panel to Food and Drug Administration says more study will be needed to determine whether Amgen 's Aranesp and Johnson & Johnson 's Procrit widely used anemia drugs for cancer patients can actually make their cancer worse ; committee does not discuss placing any restrictions on use of drugs or additional warnings on their labels ( M )
Mr. Weill , known for being obsessed with his stock price , has been frustrated that Citigroup shares sell at a lower multiple of their earnings than other financial services companies like the American International Group .
Taesa expects to carry two million passengers this year -- as many as a carrier like Sabena Belgian World Airlines .
's existing network as well as merchants in the American Express 's international network .
Neither Sun nor Intel would discuss the financial impact of the deal , but it is not expected to have a huge impact on Intel 's $ 35 billion in annual sales .
Verizon has said it will recommend to the board that the company maintain its annual dividend at $ 1.62 a share .
In addition to trading Liberty 's stake in News Corporation for its stake in DirecTV , the transaction would also have to involve cash and an operating asset News Corporation has owned for more than five years to give Mr. Malone the tax advantage he seeks .
Chevron formed the joint venture with Kazakstan 's Government in 1993 , each owning 50 percent .
''There is a spectrum of corporate behavior on global warming and Exxon is the epitome of denial and deception , '' Mr. Davies said .
States pursuing stiff antitrust sanctions against Microsoft Corp are preparing to rest their case , clearing way for what is expected to be month of testimony by Microsoft witnesses who will urge Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to apply lighter touch ; it appears increasingly likely that her decision may rest on question of whether consumers would have choice in PC operations today if Microsoft had not violated antitrust laws to maintain its Windows monopoly in mid-1990 's ( M )
Although he resigned from the job of chief financial officer in 2004 and went on to help found Elevation Partners , a private equity firm , Mr. Anderson spent time at Apple this year reviewing the options matters before resigning from the board .
David Readerman , an analyst at Nationsbank Montgomery Securities , had been forecasting fiscal year 1999 revenue of $ 16 billion for Microsoft -- $ 2.8 billion of it from sales of Windows 98 .
Although Prucare booked losses in the hundreds of millions for the last three years , Aetna said in December that the purchase would be immediately accretive -- that is , it would add to earnings in 1999 and 2000 .
''Somebody 's got to serve this market , and this could be a great opportunity for Amazon , '' said Russ Crupnick , an analyst with NPD Group , a research and consulting firm .
In a sense , though , the market has already signaled its approval of Mr. Ivester : When Mr. Goizueta was hospitalized in September for treatment of lung cancer , Coca-Cola shares barely declined .
Consumer advocate and corporate critic Ralph Nader finds himself on same side as Bob Dole and Robert H Bork in their efforts to persuade Justice Dept to crack down on Microsoft Corp ; Dole and Bork are longtime staunch opponents of increased government regulation , but they are leading new effort that seeks broader Justice Dept antitrust investigation of Microsoft ; their group has financial backing from such Microsoft foes as Netscape , Sun Microsystems and Oracle ; Jack Kemp , another opponent of regulation , says he will become adviser to IDT Corp , Internet and Internet telephony company headed by former Rep James A Courter ; IDT hopes to use Kemp 's and Courter 's influence to help it gain access to Congress and to recently unregulated European telephone and Internet markets ; photo ( M )
's current national agreements with G.M. , the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Corporation are all scheduled to expire .
Experts said the Intel researchers appear to have achieved one of the rare performance increases known in the industry as ''powers of 10 , '' or exponential change , that has the potential to remake the modern computing world .
The company , which is based in Basel , Switzerland 's pharmaceutical hub , said that reporting in dollars would make its results easier to compare with those of American rivals like Pfizer and Merck .
In January , AT & T predicted that revenue at the consumer unit would decline ''in the mid-20 percent range . ''
To Oracle 's lawyers , Microsoft represents a powerful challenge to the government 's myopic market definition , and its talks with SAP are proof that the business software market could change quickly .
The review confirms what some analysts have already concluded : These aspects of the K6 could inspire more PC companies to manufacture systems using the Advanced Micro chip rather than Intel 's .
3 Insurers Object to a Plan by Cigna
Yahoo says the new system is more stable and is built for much higher volume .
The Pontiac-GMC division of the General Motors Corporation officially shifted its GMC trucks and sport utility vehicles account yesterday , with billings estimated at $ 70 million , to Ammirati Puris , which already handles advertising for G.M .
And because Boeing must still produce 620 airplanes next year , the bulk of the layoffs will most likely occur in the last half of the year , just when Boeing is scheduled to begin negotiating a new contract with the International Association of Machinists , which represents 40,000 of its hourly workers .
Microsoft has appealed both fines .
Food and Drug Administration says Abbott Laboratories must gradually reduce its distribution of thyroid drug Synthroid while it applies for regulatory approval of medication ; agency says it wants to give patients time to switch from Synthroid and other similar drugs in its class that have never received federal approval to two thyroid medications that have been approved ; those are Unithroid , sold by Watson Pharmaceuticals and Jerome Stevens Pharmaceuticals , and Levoxyl , sold by King Pharmaceuticals ; Abbott says Synthroid is safe and plans to file studies with FDA that prove so in next few weeks ( M )
And in the Provo Marriott , guests were paying for nearly 3,000 explicit adult videos every year , according to court testimony .
As Intel pushes ahead with those plans , I.B.M .
Top military and civilian officials of Pentagon and NASA and executives of American military contractors will be on hand for Farnsborough Air Show in Britain after having snubbed Paris Air Show in 2003 because European allies failed to support Iraq war ; Farnsborough show will take place against backdrop of tense and uncertain relations between US and Europeans on many fronts , including new 'buy American ' sentiment in Congress and continuing battle between commercial division of Boeing and EADS , which owns 80 percent of Airbus ; photo ( M )
David Kiernan , another Merck lawyer , said that the company had repeatedly tested Vioxx for heart risks and shared its data with doctors and the Food and Drug Administration .
Last December , under pressure from Wall Street and investors , McDonald 's chief executive , Jack M. Greenberg , said he would step down at the end of the year .
Enron Corp borrowed money in financial markets using credit-sensitive notes ; notes are intended to send signal that company is more creditworthy that it appears , yet they could end up actually affecting its credit rating , or , in dire circumstances , even accelerating its demise ; Bear , Stearns says $ 100 million in credit-sensitive notes that it helped Enron sell in 1989 were first ever ; several other companies have issued similar notes , including AT & T Corp and British Airways ; graph ( M )
Monsanto Corp 's herbicide known as Roundup is beginning to lose its effectiveness in controlling weeds ; weeds resistant to herbicide have emerged in Delaware , Maryland , California , western Tennessee and at edges of Corn Belt in Ohio and Indiana ; crop scientists say problem is success of genetically engineered crops , especially soybeans , which account for more than three-quarters of all soybeans grown in US ; farmers like genetically engineered crops , which are sold under brand name Roundup Ready , because they can spray Roundup herbicide directly over fields , killing weeds while leaving crops intact ; popularity of crops has caused use of Roundup herbicide to skyrocket , setting up 'survival of the fittest ' conditions in which rare weeks that survive herbicide can flourish ; experts say eventually farmers will need to reduce their applications of genetically enegineered soybeans and other crops to preserve long-term usefulness ; Roundup is Monsanto 's biggest product , accounting for about 40 percent of its estimated revenue of $ 4.6 billion ; photos ( M )
Mario Monti , Europe 's chief antitrust regulator , wants Microsoft to propose what computer code in Windows should be disclosed to ensure that rival programs and servers are compatible .
Chubb 's approach is to continue to refuse coverage in the riskiest situations .
Mr. Rosensweig replaces Jeffrey Mallet , Yahoo 's longtime president , who announced his resignation in January .
Yahoo Profit Is Down 11 % ; Stock Drops
Under the plan , AT & T leases capacity on Frontier 's local network at a 5 percent discount from the $ 12.96 rate .
But the program 's biggest benefit , Amazon says , is to relieve sellers of one of the most laborious parts of their business -- packaging products and getting them to customers promptly .
The bulk of Netflix 's subscribers , who pay $ 18 a month and are allowed to keep three movies at home at all times , will receive 18 hours of free watching every month .
Ford Motor Co president-chief operating officer
Microchip Technology , microchips maker , says earnings for quarter ending Sept 30 will be higher than expected ; company shares rise nearly 11 percent ( S )
Article on prospects for Google 's initial public offering ; focuses other companies , including Apple Computer , whose share prices started out strong but later faltered ; photos ( M )
Workers at General Motors ' Opel assembly plant in Bochum , Germany , refuse to work for third day , just days after GM announces deep jobs cuts in Europe ; GM begins talks with IG Metall union representatives at all its European plants over cost-cutting plan that is aimed at saving 500 million euros ( $ 623 million ) per year in labor costs , and could result in reduction of up to 12,000 jobs , most in Germany ; Bochum workers are demanding that GM guarantee it will not lay off workers or shut factory ; photo ( M )
The lower figure indicates that Microsoft is not the impregnable fortress depicted in the antitrust trial , Mr. McKenzie writes in a paper that presents the results of his survey .
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Campbell 's shares closed at $ 49.75 , up 87.5 cents .
I phoned Amazon.com to find out how likely it was that the company was planning to share my secrets .
The trial in Federal District Court in San Francisco comes a year after Oracle surprised PeopleSoft with its initial $ 5.1 billion bid for the company , the first in a series of offers that PeopleSoft 's board has rejected .
Mr. Palmisano , who joined I.B.M .
But this merger also raises important questions about the future of the Internet itself , and about how much giant companies like AT & T will be allowed to control access to it .
But it is Lucent Technologies Inc. , invigorated by its recent $ 20 billion deal to acquire Ascend Communications Inc. , that Cisco has identified as its main competition .
The company , Mead Johnson Nutritionals , a unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb , will revise the claims its sales representatives have been making to pediatricians since the end of January , said Peter J. Paradossi , a spokesman for Mead Johnson .
For Kodak , the deal has symbolic as well as strategic value .
So far , however , despite MCI 's news conference today , few of A.T. & T 's big customers have announced intentions to switch .
Grading is highly subjective at Microsoft , according to Peter M. Browne , a former executive who is also suing the company , charging discrimination .
Neither AOL nor Time Warner would discuss the issue publicly , presumably for fear of alienating the analysts who follow them .
The fun gap is set to get even bigger later this month when Microsoft makes the latest version of Windows , called Vista , available to consumers .
Microsoft 's chairman seldom looked his questioner in the eye , gazing down at the table instead .
''People were looking for sequential growth , '' said Matthew Hoffman , who follows Motorola for SoundView Technologies Group .
Convinced he could force AT & T to reconsider , Mr. Roberts went public with Comcast 's bid , belittling Mr. Armstrong and AT & T management as part of his strategy to create enough shareholder pressure to force a sale .
''I do n't think they really thought through the whole darn thing , '' Dr. Virginia Walbot , a professor of biological sciences at Stanford University , said of Monsanto 's decision to market products that benefited farmers rather than general consumers .
It also called for prosecuting the Ford Motor Company , saying the design of Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles that were equipped with Firestone tires contributed to dozens of deaths in crashes there .
Moreover , Microsoft 's means of luring developers to its Java implementation included maximizing Internet Explorer 's share of browser usage at Navigator 's expense in ways the court has already held to be anticompetitive .
Article on San Jose-based Flextronics Inc , world 's second-largest company in industry known as electronics manufacturing services ; industry , which assembles things like personal computers and various consumer gadgets , got little notice until January , when Swedish telecommunications giant Ericsson announced that it would turn over its factories and manufacturing operations entirely to Flextronics in deal that could be worth as much as $ 5 billion per year ; many high-technology companies , including Ericsson and Microsoft Corp , have abandoned manufacturing , and Flextronics has thrived by filling void ; graphs ; photos ( M )
Mr. Sherlund did not reduce his quarterly earnings estimate of 41 cents a share because he says the earnings reduction of 2 cents a share from lower revenues will be offset by increased income from Microsoft 's sizable investment portfolio .
Both ShopWiki and the Amazon wiki want contributors to tread a similar line ; this distinguishes the genre from , say , the familiar product reviews that users submit to Amazon and other shopping sites .
In June , a demand by Mr. Trimble and his lawyers prompted Amazon to withdraw ''The Committee '' from its site in Britain , though the book is still on sale at a lower price on its American site .
Interpublic recently sent letters to clients , in response to concerned questions from a handful of them , that were intended to offer reassurance on issues like its liquidity and the strength of its balance sheet .
Mr. Laube said Centerbeam would not have been possible without Windows 2000 , which promises to be much more stable than previous Microsoft operating systems , or without inexpensive PC 's , wireless networking and digital subscriber lines .
On another charge -- that Microsoft worked hard to block Netscape , maker of a competing browser , from the market -- the brief appeared to pick and choose from among the judge 's findings to highlight those that appeared to support the company 's case .
Comcast Corporation and Cox Communications , two of the nation 's largest cable companies , reported strong third-quarter profit and revenue growth yesterday because of growing demand for their digital video services and high-speed Internet connections .
Yet once the bigger and better AT & T had approval from Washington , what incentive would it have to allow competition with its phone services in its newly expanded market ?
''We 're not going in there and doing Microsoft Word on it , '' he said .
Psinet Inc. , the Internet access provider based in Herndon , Va. , said Friday that it was reorganizing its business to focus on higher-cost consumer Internet access , in a move responding to the AT & T Corporation 's entry into the market .
Mr. Anderson said that Apple had sold 711,000 Macintosh computers in its second quarter , with 42 percent of them being higher-margin laptop computers .
In the ruling yesterday , the three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington agreed with the lower court that the Barnesandnoble feature probably violated the Amazon patent .
''The closest analogy is thinking about a blimp hovering over a football stadium where audience members hold up a colored card to create an image , '' said Doug Darrow , a business manager at DLP Products , the commercial entertainment group at Texas Instruments .
But more generally , industry analysts say it remains to be seen whether PeopleSoft , based in Pleasanton , Calif. , can revive its fortunes and catch Oracle , also based in Northern California , and SAP of Germany .
The dispute has also thrust Citigroup into an unwanted spotlight in Latin America 's biggest country , since Brasil Telecom 's controlling shareholder , the Opportunity group , is run by Daniel Dantas , Citigroup 's investment manager here .
And while Disney , which has its own Internet portal at go.com , and the new Viacom may want to remain independent , Mr. Wolzien warned that these companies would be under intense pressure to deal with Microsoft and Yahoo .
Paul B. Ginsburg , the center 's president , credited Wal-Mart for trying to expand health care offerings at a time when many employers are pulling back on spending .
The company 's founders , two former Microsoft employees , Eric Engstrom and Swain Porter , intend to hire 1,000 software professionals in New Oroville the next few years .
The filmmakers acknowledge that the company is a virtual stand-in for Halliburton , the multinational formerly run by Vice President Dick Cheney , though the script was written before Halliburton became a focus of criticism .
Apple sold slightly more than a million computers in the quarter , 26 percent more than the same quarter last year .
In his 90-page direct testimony , Daniel Rosen , a Microsoft general manager , called those portrayals of a June 1995 meeting between executives of Microsoft and the Netscape Communications Corporation as ''either fabrications or the products of a fundamental misunderstanding . ''
This week , Nike is introducing a humorous print and online campaign for exercise gear , frankly glorifying body parts that until now were almost never seen in ads , much less celebrated .
Professor McKenzie , of the University of California at Irvine , and Professor Shughart , of the University of Mississippi , wrote that Microsoft could not afford to restrict output and raise prices , as a monopoly would be expected to do .
When that failed , he urged the employee to provide an identification card so that another person could enter Morgan Stanley 's offices and break into the computers .
MCI , Sprint and AT & T carry the bulk of the country 's long-distance and international calls .
Mr. Bonsignore and Mr. Bossidy will be the only inside directors on the new board , but eight of the outside directors now sit on Allied 's board , while only five will move over from Honeywell .
The credit card company American Express , for instance , paid Kenneth I. Chenault , its chief executive , 18 percent less last year than in 2002 -- despite a 36 percent rise in its share price .
Both Advanced Micro and Intel have described the new approach .
Aetna Inc. , the nation 's biggest health insurer , said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had started a review of the way the company accounted for its August purchase of the money-losing Prucare unit of the Prudential Insurance Company of America .
A week ago Thursday , Merck 's defense started crumbling , with the arrival of irrefutable evidence from one of the company 's own studies that Vioxx doubled a long-term patient 's chance of having such problems .
The Government , seeking to enforce a 1995 antitrust agreement with Microsoft , contends that by bundling the browser into Windows , the company is unfairly exploiting its near-monopoly of the market for PC operating systems .
At the Paris show , a global weapons bazaar , Boeing has been proclaiming the wonders of its new plane to anyone within earshot and has brought in members of the Italian Air Force to help it tell its story .
The Ford Motor Company says it has found value in the opposite -- a suit of clothes that makes its wearer feel old , with stiff joints , dim vision and weak muscles .
In its filing , Wal-Mart described Ms. Roehm and Mr. Womack as executives determined to advance their careers , even at the expense of Wal-Mart 's reputation -- by , for example , accepting expensive bottles of vodka and dinner at exclusive restaurants .
At the least , Carnival has probably started a successful spoiling tactic by preventing Royal Caribbean from obtaining the 75 percent of votes from P & O shareholders required for the deal to proceed , analysts said .
A spokeswoman for Goldman Sachs declined to comment .
Target , which has 1,081 stores nationwide , has asked other fashion designers to join its stable .
''Procter & Gamble is dedicated to keeping these shows healthy and on the air . ''
At one point it was intended to have a Sun Microsystems operating system , but that was changed to a Windows CE operating system after the Microsoft investment .
That was endorsed by David Bell , who became chairman and chief executive in February , succeeding John J. Dooner Jr. , Mr. Orr 's former executive suite partner , who returned to the McCann-Erickson World Group division of Interpublic .
The leasing arm has taken center stage in the negotiations ever since new complaints about it emerged at hearings involving G.E. , Honeywell , their competitors and the European regulators at the end of May .
ABANDONING ITS EFFORT TO BREAK APART MICROSOFT , SAYING IT SEEKS RESOLUTION
''While I think Microsoft has behaved unethically at times and this judge found that it broke the law , my focus is going to be on doing everything I can to make sure RealNetworks remains ahead of Microsoft in our business , '' Mr. Glaser said .
Lifting Spirits On Wall Street , Microsoft Profit Beats Forecasts
A.T. & T. had 141,000 retirees and 312,700 employees in December 1992 .
The Procter & Gamble Company yesterday named the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago to handle its consolidated worldwide Max Factor cosmetics account .
Disney closed yesterday at $ 28 , up 40 cents , while the diminished worth of Comcast 's own shares made the takeover offer worth $ 23.53 a Disney share .
But right now , the European Union has a responsibility to prevent Microsoft from unfairly leveraging its monopoly .
Citigroup filled the long-vacant job of president yesterday amid talk that its chief executive , Sanford I. Weill , is preparing to go on the acquisition trail yet again .
The robust pace of auto sales slowed in September , causing a fresh round of big incentives from Ford and General Motors and debate from Wall Street about the industry 's outlook .
Cisco told investors that it expected its revenue to increase 10 percent to 12 percent in the current quarter from the third quarter of last year .
E-Commerce Report on booming business in services meant to make e-mail as private as confession booth ; consumers and business people took note when hackers broke into Microsoft 's site and made public highly embarrassing personal correspondence , and when Bill Gates was forced to testify about e-mail messages he sent , supposedly in confidence ; descriptions of various ways to secure and control e-mail offered by new companies ; photo ( M )
Betsy Lazar , director for media operations at General Motors Corp , is promoted to new post of general director for media operations ; Linda Recupero , managing director at Burson-Marsteller , is promoted to chairwoman ; assumes duties that had been handled by Chet Burchett , president and chief executive for US operations at Burson-Marsteller ( S )
''Companies doing business in China are forced to comply with Chinese law , '' said Jim Cullinan , a Yahoo spokesman .
The case had centered on a ''software bridge '' that Bristol had developed to ease the creation of programs that could run on both the Unix operating system and Microsoft 's counterpart , Windows NT .
Several current and former associates said that despite some high-profile episodes over the years , Mr. Murdoch today does take a less active role in day-to-day coverage , particularly of the higher-end newspapers he owns .
Mr. McKenzie also recently published ''Trust on Trial : How the Microsoft Case Is Reframing the Rules of Competition , '' a book that attacks the Justice Department 's antitrust case .
The Northrop Grumman account was handled for eight years by the Los Angeles office of BBDO West , part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group .
Mr. Murdoch also said that the company did not expect to encounter regulatory difficulties if its offer were to succeed , because The Journal is a national newspaper .
So , at a cost of several million dollars , Home Depot has hired 116 Olympic athletes from the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico -- more than all the other 50 or so companies in the official Olympic Games jobs program employ combined -- to pace its floors and advise customers on everything from screws to lawn mowers .
With extensive cable TV holdings spanning 33 states , Time Warner is ideally positioned to provide the faster Internet connections that consumers now demand .
Microsoft Corp to begin its assault on lucrative business of large-scale corporate computing chores formerly limited to big networks run on Unix or mainframe software ; such jobs have been beyond capability of personal computer technology ; Microsoft now contends that personal computing is ready to move up into such arenas ; industry analysts view Microsoft 's move as benchmark as company 's corporate operating system software , Windows NT , continues to improve , enabling it to tackle larger computing tasks ; Microsoft 's sales pitch to corporate customers is based on idea that use of low-cost personal computing technology means that once-costly information-processing tasks can be done far less expensively ( M )
Boeing is getting orders only because of our inability to meet demand .
Analysts say that if Johnson is compelled to share that technology with a rival , it is more likely to license it to Abbott Laboratories , rather than Medtronic .
''Air Force leadership is very concerned with the revelation that Ms. Druyun and the chief financial officer are being dismissed from Boeing for cause . ''
If the jury decides to award compensatory damages , it will then go on to decide whether Merck sold Vioxx despite knowing it had ''an extreme degree of risk '' and acted with ''conscious indifference . ''
The new company , to be called the European Aeronautic , Defense and Space Company , would be the world 's third-largest aerospace company after the Boeing Company and the Lockheed Martin Corporation .
The technology-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 34.20 points , or 2 percent , to 1,638.80 , weighed down in part by losses in Intel and Microsoft , which are also among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average .
Over the years , Enron and the partnerships it controlled paid Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase , and their corporate predecessors , for a variety of lending , investment banking and insurance services .
Google , however , has a head start over eBay in cracking the radio business .
Nimbus has already been supplying Microsoft O.E.M .
Since Microsoft has more than $ 20 billion in cash and cash equivalents , company officials said the settlement would have little effect on the company 's bottom line .
By the company 's closing prices yesterday , Pfizer 's offer was worth $ 87 a share , compared with American Home Product 's bid of $ 83.25 a share .
That is money not spent on Procter brands like Folgers and Millstone ; Kraft brands like Maxwell House , Carte Noire and Gevalia ; or Sara Lee brands like Chase & Sanborn , Chock full o'Nuts , Hills Brothers and Douwe Egberts .
Campbell said last September that it intended to sharpen its focus on those key businesses , which last year constituted about $ 6.1 billion of Campbell 's $ 8 billion in revenues , as part of a strategic growth plan .
According to the complaint , Akamai says its proprietary information about customer Web site performance was stolen by Speedera from the computers of Keynote Systems , a company that tracks Web site performance .
''So be warned , '' Mr. Maritz wrote to the other members of Microsoft 's developers group .
''Search will be even more of a choke point on the mobile device than on the PC because navigation is so hard , '' said Marco Boerries , the senior vice president in charge of Yahoo 's wireless efforts .
Looked at that way , Amazon paid just 62 cents a share in cash for its Ashford stake .
Morgan Stanley , RBC Capital Markets and Goldman Sachs are advising Inco on its roughly $ 11 billion offer for Falconbridge ; CIBC World Markets is advising Falconbridge ; Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers advised Lincoln National on its $ 7.5 billion acquisition of Jefferson-Pilot ; Fidelity Investments appoints John W Callahan president of Fidelity Institutional Retirement Services ; succeeds William C Carey , who recently became president of Fidelity Registered Investment Advisor Group ; Columbia Management names J Frederick Copper head of its international equities team ; James R Renner , head of Wells Fargo 's leasing and equipment finance business , will retire at end of year ; Renner will be succeeded by John McQueen ; Michael J W Rennock joins New York office of Winston & Strawn as partner ; Bear Stearns hires four senior analysts for its fixed-income research team : Eric Hausler , Frank Henson , Masumi Goldman and Alberto J Bernal-Leon ( M )
AT & T guaranteed BBN Planet a minimum of $ 120 million in revenue in the next three years , although BBN executives said the contract was likely to amount to much more .
A Federal appeals court ruled yesterday that the National Basketball Association may not stop Motorola Inc. and a sports statistics-gathering company from transmitting continuously updated scores of N.B.A .
As the Microsoft antitrust case hurtles toward its conclusion , both sides are drawing on the experiences of AT & T to support their legal and political arguments , though in some cases the references are inaccurate or incomplete .
That Boeing still faces large challenges was made evident yesterday , when the company announced that it was taking a $ 225 million charge in the third quarter after losing crucial campaigns to sell the F-15 jet fighter to Greece and Israel .
Hewitt does much more for Verizon than advise it on compensation matters .
Last week , Apple announced that it had licensed its name and products for an international chain of ''cyberbased theme restaurants . ''
Intel Corp and Digital Equipment Corp end five months of bitter legal wrangling over patent infringement suit brought by Digital ; Intel agrees to buy Digital Equipment 's semiconductor manufacturing operations for $ 700 million and to pay royalties as part of broad settlement of suit ; Digital will retain ownership of its proprietary Alpha microprocessor , which Intel agrees to manufacture , but Digital also commits itself to developing computers built around next generation of Intel chips , which will compete directly with Alpha ; two sides enter into 10-year cross-licensing agreement that would allow them to use each others ' design patents , although only Intel will pay royalties ; antitrust experts doubt that Federal Trade Commission will approve accord , noting that agency is already investigating Intel 's near monopoly of microprocessor market ( M )
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency chooses IBM , Sun Microsystems , Cray Inc and SGI to run research programs aimed at developing next generation of high-performance computing systems , which it expects to fill gap between today 's supercomputers and expected arrival of quantum computing in 15 or 20 years ; each program will receive about $ 3 million for initial one-year study to develop basic concepts and realistic performance measurements ( S )
She noted later that a campaign against Wal-Mart affiliated with the grocery workers ' union , which has tried for years to organize Wal-Mart workers , was promoting Mr. Greenwald 's film project on the Web .
Liberty Media owns 18 percent of the News Corporation .
Still others suggested that Xerox would sell its stake in the myriad software companies it has helped start recently , or even take them public .
As Dominic P. Orr , Alteon 's chief executive , put it last Friday : ''Up to 10 days ago , when Cisco acquired Arrowpoint , we were pretty neutral and worked with any backbone builder .
In the meantime , Bernstein-Rein and GSD & M are continuing to work for Wal-Mart as the retailer seeks to stimulate sluggish sales growth during this crucial shopping season .
I.B.M. , Sony and Toshiba jointly developed the Cell technology .
Motorola , which introduced a new line of Windows NT Power PC machines only three months ago , said it would continue to support them until the next version of Windows NT is introduced in about two years .
Mr. Downs said there was ''no connection '' between the cheaper imports and the European Union 's inquiry into Coca-Cola Enterprises .
Three of the eight linked slots would be reserved for Microsoft offerings , while a PC maker or consumer could put anything in the other five .
and Intel have taken divergent paths .
Mr. Schimberg said Coca-Cola Enterprises had invested more than $ 100 million in it and said it had 240 full-time employees .
Mr. Semel added that Yahoo actually benefited from the uncertainty in the economic and political climates .
Still , Mr. Hastings said Netflix has a product that compares well with those of his competitors .
As Warner-Lambert 's executives pondered Pfizer 's bid yesterday , analysts were already speculating that Mr. Steere would raise his bid to end any further negotiations .
Assuming that the average disc Netflix sends out contains 8 gigabytes , that one company alone may be mailing out about 1,500 trillion bytes , or terabytes , each day .
Pfizer Inc tries to break up $ 70 billion merger agreement between American Home Products Corp and Warner-Lambert Co with $ 82.4 billion hostile bid for Warner-Lambert ; Warner-Lambert 's board reaffirms its commitment to American Home ; Pfizer 's bid for Warner-Lambert shatters all such records in pharmaceutical industry ; stock analysts say that still-higher offer could emerge for Warner-Lambert , either from American Home of Pfizer , or even from another drug company ; photos ( M )
Boeing ' stock closed yesterday at $ 38.02 , down 37 cents .
Despite weakness in its core business of underwriting and trading securities , Mr. Crawford said , Morgan Stanley does not intend to cut a significant number of jobs .
This year , Communities in Schools was hoping to piggyback on eBay 's brand-name status .
''But whether Norfolk Southern blundered , or CSX took advantage of them , it 's clear that Norfolk is not conceding the battle . ''
Mr. Stonecipher , 65 , was recently named Boeing 's vice chairman .
Officials from General Dynamics and Newport News have said that they expect their transaction to close this summer .
Analysts say the Intel announcement reflects just how far the company is willing to go in seeking new ways to grow as it recognizes the Internet as both a challenge and an opportunity .
Like other Wall Street firms , Goldman Sachs has had important people come and go , but the changes at Goldman seem more intense because of the firm 's emphasis on developing a culture around people .
Atomstroyexport is building seven nuclear reactors -- in Iran , China , Bulgaria and India -- more reactors , it claims , than any competitor , particularly Westinghouse and General Electric of the United States , Siemens of Germany or Areva of France .
I.B.M .
SIX days after surprising Wall Street with word that it would delay reporting its 2004 results , the Interpublic Group of Companies revealed even more unpleasant news about its finances yesterday .
Boeing said it had signed deals with the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company -- the multinational consortium that owns 80 percent of Airbus , Boeing 's main rival in commercial aircraft -- and with the Alenia Spazio subsidiary of Finmecccanica of Italy , which is itself a unit of IRI Istituto Ricostruzione Industriale .
The appointment makes Ms. Krawcheck , who has frequently been mentioned as a candidate for higher office within Citigroup , the bank 's chief liaison with investors at a time when its stock price has been slumping .
Administration officials , who previously had turned down applications from I.B.M .
Talks between Boeing Co and its striking engineers and technical workers break down after three fruitless days of discussions with federal mediator ; at least 17,000 employees have been on strike since Feb 9 ; they belong to Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace ; union seeks bonuses and other benefits that match those Boeing gave its machinists last year ; because of strike Boeing has missed delivery dates on several planes and its stock is down 8 percent ; union members may have to begin paying for their own medical coverage on March 1 ( M )
In July , Microsoft signed a deal with a Japanese electronics giant , the Matsushita Electric Industrial Company , to use Microsoft 's Windows CE as the software for a multimedia microprocessor chip that Matsushita is preparing for consumer audio and video products like television set-top boxes .
Travelers , which made up 10 percent of Citigroup 's operating income , will be the third-largest property casualty insurer by market share , with revenue of $ 6.2 billion .
EBay said yesterday that sellers on its auction site would be able to add a link to their listings allowing potential buyers to reach them through Skype , the Internet phone service .
In a key scene in each Progresso spot , that brand 's familiar blue-label can is seen on the right side of the screen , next to a can designed to look like a can of Campbell 's condensed soup .
IBM , Microsoft Corp and BEA Systems are joining new consortium to try to accelerate development of what they regard as next-generation technology of Internet , called Web services ; group will be called Web Services Interoperability Organization ; purpose of consortium is to agree on framework for testing Web software from different suppliers to verify that it really does allow open sharing of data across Internet ( M )
Qwest Is Near to a Partnership with Cisco
The trial , which had been expected to last as long as three months , ended before Microsoft began to present its case .
During the trial , a Gateway executive , James Von Holle , served as a witness for the Justice Department and described how Microsoft had put pressure on Gateway after it pursued a strategy of installing the Netscape browser and placing an AOL icon on the desktop of its computers .
A serious security flaw in recent versions of Microsoft Outlook 98 , Outlook Express and Netscape Mail -- three of the four most widely used Internet electronic mail programs -- is proving more difficult to fix than initially thought .
That Ameritrade investors would be strong buyers on a day when Intel fell 10 percent is also an indication of the following that Intel has built up during the last decade .
I.B.M .
By combining with the Boeing Company , McDonnell Douglas , which is based in St. Louis , will end its rich but troubled history as an independent company that played a vital role in making the United States a powerhouse in military and commercial aircraft .
Almost since the day three years ago that Mr. Grubman raised his rating on AT & T , speculation has swirled that Mr. Weill played a part in the analyst 's about-face .
Southern California Edison , which owes $ 3.9 billion , said it would vigorously fight such action , asserting its creditors should wait two weeks until the state legislature votes on a bailout plan for the utility .
But Mr. Gates 's portrayal of the underlying technology as a Microsoft innovation has set off an intense debate among some computer researchers .
*Exxon 's jet-turbine oil business .
José Antonio Fernández , chairman of Coca-Cola Femsa , said today that he was unruffled by the economic turmoil in the new markets his company is acquiring .
I.B.M .
In addition to searching for a cheaper graphics processor for the Xbox , Microsoft has broken its game relationship with the chip maker Intel and is planning to use an I.B.M .
Before Pfizer acquired Warner-Lambert , those duties had been handled by J. J. Jordan , who left Thompson in February to start his own shop , Branding Iron in Irvington , N.Y .
''They are executing well on a series of transitions , '' said Mr. Luke , whose company has a buy rating on Intel stock .
Intel has not yet set dates for its dual-core X86 processors .
Describing the United States Open as a ''demographic hit rather than a mass dump , '' Abraham Madkour , editor in chief of The Sports Business Daily , a newsletter , said the event gives American Express an ''affluent audience that 's a very good fit '' and ''allows I.B.M .
Halliburton and Honeywell , two of the companies most heavily burdened with asbestos lawsuits , are close to resolving almost all of the claims in multibillion-dollar settlements , lawyers for many plaintiffs and the companies said yesterday .
Additionally , Compaq will support Intel in its efforts to incorporate Compaq iPAQ Pocket PC 's as reference platforms in Intel developer kits .
But in between , William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , fielded some questions from his shareholders at the company 's annual meeting today that he might not have faced a week ago , questions about whether his legal team had failed him and whether the company might even be broken up in the wake of its antitrust fight with the federal government .
Intel did not say which companies were using the chip , but it said cellphones with the chip would be available in the latter half of the year .
The money will be designated as restitution to commercial insurance customers of Aon around the country who paid it to provide unbiased advice on obtaining the best coverage at the lowest prices .
and Sun are already selling microprocessors based on the feature , while Intel has said it is moving in that direction as well .
Shifting fulfillment to Amazon 's warehouses would save him $ 2,000 a month in rent and utilities for his warehouse , he estimates .
The deal with Electronic Arts , the biggest video game publisher in the United States , will account for roughly half of that total , these people said .
However , its product may be in the mass market somewhat later than the Texas Instruments technology , said Alex Slawsby , an industry analyst with IDC , a research firm .
Netflix provides postage-paid envelopes for returning the films .
Correction : August 12 , 2000 , Saturday An entry in the Business Digest yesterday about the planned retirement of William C. Steere Jr. , chief executive of Pfizer , misstated the increases in the company 's sales and stock price during his leadership .
''We are talking with B.T. , '' said Dan Lawler , a spokesman for AT & T .
He said he did not expect the Cisco news to be particularly good , or to start a lasting rally .
''I wo n't comment whether that was directly tied to Google 's plans to have that party , '' said Hani Durzy , an eBay spokesman .
Coca-Cola recorded $ 18.9 billion in worldwide sales last year , compared with $ 11.3 billion for Coca-Cola Enterprises , which accounts for much of domestic Coca-Cola sales .
Up to 5,000 New York State residents could qualify for refunds from the General Electric Company under a court finding that G.E .
Kodak Accuses Sony of Patent Violations on Digital Imaging
If Mr. Wolfowitz had not taken action , the contract between Boeing and the Air Force probably would have been signed this week , Defense Department officials said .
According to industry executives , Verizon is also contemplating a bid for Sprint , which has the third-largest cellular business .
At a news conference last week , Leslie Moonves , president and chief executive at the CBS Corporation , acknowledged the potential effect of ''Grey 's Anatomy '' on ratings for ''CSI . ''
Safa Rashtchy , an analyst with Piper Jaffray , said he was not satisfied with Yahoo 's explanation for the delays .
What makes the computers notable is something that Intel is calling Extended Mobile Access technology , or E.M.A .
If Vioxx is found to be defective under certain state laws , the timing and the circumstances of the recall could become a factor in determining whether Merck behaved so negligently or recklessly that it should pay punitive damages .
Xerox Corp shares rise $ 1.0625 , to $ 21.125 , despite analysts ' downgrades ( M )
Still , Ms. Simmons said , Pfizer runs the considerable risk of its advertising ''starting to feel similar to Levitra 's and Cialis 's . ''
Morgan Stanley suffered another legal setback yesterday as a Florida jury ordered it to pay $ 850 million in punitive damages to the financier Ronald O. Perelman , who contended he was defrauded by the investment bank in a 1998 deal .
And in June he named Sir Deryck C. Maughan , a vice chairman at the bank , to be chief executive of Citigroup 's international division , a new post .
Chambers said that the company had debated what to say over the weekend and had decided to announce that Mr. Carter , who is well-regarded as Cisco 's chief financial officer , plans to retire next May on his 60th birthday .
Susan A. Creighton , a Silicon Valley lawyer who has dogged Microsoft for years and only last month wrote a ''white paper '' assessing the antitrust issues raised by the company 's new Windows XP operating system , is abandoning the chase .
Mr. Parsons has also previously rejected Mr. Icahn 's repeated requests that the company conduct a so-called Dutch auction for its shares , because that would entail buying back shares above their market value , and other large Time Warner shareholders considered such a process unfair .
In startling defiance of the company 's creditors , its own management and the South Korean government , the board of Hynix Semiconductor voted unanimously today to reject a takeover of most of its assets by Micron Technology , saying the price was too low .
Microsoft executives do not view the Government 's request for information as endangering the WebTV deal yet .
Analysts expected Citigroup to post earnings of $ 4.20 to $ 4.57 a share this year , according to estimates compiled by Reuters .
Motorola Inc consolidates its global advertising , with billings estimated at $ 150 million , by naming Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide to handle those duties ( S )
Prospects are also bleak in Kodak 's line of digital products , where losses for the first half of the year exceeded $ 100 million on sales of $ 1.5 billion .
Texaco Rejects Chevron 's Merger Proposal
Mr. Jobs said some of the revenue drop was a result or ''Apple specific '' issues , including loss of share in the education market , failure to introduce quickly computers with faster processors and CD-rewritable drives , and disappointing sales of the PowerMac G4 Cube .
Qwest Communications is expected to raise bid for MCI to $ 8.45 billion in latest attempt to wrest control from Verizon ; does not strengthen hedging agreement that would protect MCI shareholders against decline in Qwest shares ( M )
He cited a recent decision by Congress to allow the Air Force to replace aging tankers by leasing 100 Boeing 767 's for 10 years at $ 20 million a year each .
While Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch made flashy acquisitions of such firms during the stock market boom , Lehman Brothers was forced to sit on the sidelines because of its relatively weak stock price .
For now , no money is changing hands between Yahoo and Reuters , but if Reuters is able to create a separate news service with the user-created material , it will split the revenue with Yahoo .
sought to merge with Sprint , he said , AT & T had to defend itself .
The no-show charge shows up on the customer 's monthly American Express bill .
Linux has become a mainstream operating system for running server computers in data centers , competing with Microsoft 's Windows and commercial Unix offerings , like Sun Microsystem 's Solaris .
Verizon Communications is close to deciding to spin off rather than sell its directories division , because a spinoff would cost it less in taxes , according to a person briefed on the discussions .
''But they 're good enough , and that 's the key for retailers who 've spent a lot of time integrating with Amazon . ''
The biggest challenge for Verizon , though , is how to take control of all of Verizon Wireless .
The meeting occurred a couple of days after Netscape was founded and suggests , Microsoft says , that its main intention in the browser battle was to improve its operating system -- not to crush Netscape , as the Justice Department contends .
And yesterday , after years of waiting by the Macintosh faithful , Apple Computer released to the public a beta version of its Mac OS X ( 10 ) operating system software .
According to Verizon 's proxy , Mr. Seidenberg received his raises last year in part because the company expanded ''its customer base through innovative products in wireless , broadband , data , video and long-distance services , '' according to the company 's proxy statement .
Correction : September 28 , 2002 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about executive turnover at the Walt Disney Company gave an outdated name for the baseball team in which the company has a controlling interest .
PNC manages accounts for individuals -- including , she said , ''a lot of Merck . ''
But why was n't Apple able to capitalize on the industry 's biggest news of the season : the later-than-expected availability of Intel 's MMX multimedia chip , which is still a month or more from the market ?
At Wal-Mart , the sheets sell for $ 48.77 .
Pfizer 's announcement that it will halt consumer advertising for the anti-inflammatory drug Celebrex but continue to sell it strains logic .
Negotiations between AOL and Microsoft have been hot and cold for several months , people involved say , because Microsoft is unsure which of its business units to contribute to a potential partnership .
Skeptics , however , say that Microsoft may be adopting this approach simply because it needs to be able to locate and combat security flaws in Windows more easily .
Microsoft generated sales of more than $ 5 billion in Europe , the Middle East and Africa last year , and most of that came from Europe .
Under terms of the deal , General Mills has to pay just $ 4.5 billion in cash , together with $ 5.4 billion in stock , if the share price reaches $ 42.55 within a year after the deal closes in December .
''I feel like we 're being slowly yet consistently effective , '' said Dr. Dennis M. Bier , director of the Children 's Research Center at Baylor College of Medicine and a member of the McDonald 's council .
Since taking over at General Motors in Brazil just over a year ago , Ray G. Young has given the country 's automobile industry a lot to talk about .
But Comcast , analysts say , is experimenting with a newer , trimmed-down version of the Microsoft set-top software .
But he is an involved investor who considered a proxy fight to try to get Mattel back on track .
''General Motors has forgotten who drives its cars , '' he added .
But a consortium composed of Logitech , Verizon Wireless , Qualcomm and gPix has just stumbled onto a novel idea .
Asked whether consumers might benefit from the broader choice of prices and configurations they would have if computer makers could substitute Microsoft 's programs for those of its competitors , Mr. Gates said that such products would ''get into the marketplace . ''
But throughout its entire existence , Slate has had the support of the MSN Network , Microsoft 's online portal .
Mr. Bronfman 's bid also includes an option for Time Warner to retain or later buy back a minority stake in Warner Music .
If a majority of the shares are tendered , Oracle executives have said they will ask a Delaware judge to remove PeopleSoft 's poison pill provision , which would create millions of shares if 10 percent of the outstanding shares are purchased and would make any takeover prohibitively expensive .
It is elegant thinking , and maybe , in Comcast 's view , a fancy subterfuge around the definition of a new network .
But getting to that point will require the company to convince its shareholders -- who presumably were quite happy without the Time Warner safety net -- that the new , slower-growing America Online is something they want to own .
Microsoft might end up selling systems with varying features and prices , as Intel does with chips .
The Interpublic turnaround ''is a process , and every once in a while you get a surprise , '' he said , adding : ''My job is to make sure there are fewer surprises .
's shares rose in trading today , while shares of Honeywell plunged as investors became even more concerned about the company 's future .
I.B.M .
Patriot American shares fell 6.25 cents each yesterday , to $ 31.875 ; Carnival shares rose 12.5 cents , to $ 46.25 , and WHG shares gained 87.5 cents , to $ 20.50 .
Microsoft won an endorsement yesterday for its online identification software from Citigroup .
The rest of the WebTV package featuring Internet access was left behind because personal computers ''already have a complete Internet Explorer environment for the Internet services , '' explained Craig Mundie , a senior vice president for Microsoft .
AT & T and the Comcast Corporation said yesterday that 1,700 jobs , or 30 percent of the work force , would be cut at AT & T 's cable unit based in Englewood , Colo. , after the companies merge .
The News Corporation bought the Delphi on-line service in 1993 only to see it swamped by the Internet .
Carter McClelland , New York market president at Bank of America , said the company planned to expand its arts sponsorships as it became a major retail bank in metropolitan New York .
Small retailers can not afford the narrow profit margins that Costco can .
Intel Expects Its Revenue To Be Below Expectations
William H. Gates stepped aside today as chief executive of Microsoft after a quarter-century of running the company day to day and gave that role to his longtime partner Steven A. Ballmer , the company 's president .
Three weeks ago , after walking away from the credit card giant MBNA , Wachovia again watched from the sidelines as Bank of America paid a 30 percent premium to become the nation 's largest issuer of credit cards .
[ Home Depot shares closed Tuesday at $ 70 , up 31.25 cents . ]
VeriSign Inc , producer of online security software , acquires Network Solutions Inc , Virginia-based company that maintains master list of Internet addresses , in stock swap valued at $ 21 billion , costliest acquisition of Internet company to date ; analysts say price is astonishing because Network Solutions no longer enjoys monopoly in registration of domain names and will see growing competition in years to come ( M )
Arguing that the standard under consideration could hinder the computer industry 's future use of broadcast spectrum , Microsoft set about making its objections clear to the Clinton Administration , Congress and the F.C.C .
The hope is that there will be no honor among hackers , and that an amount of money that is probably less than Microsoft spends annually on paper clips will be a big motivator to tattle in the computer underworld , security specialists said .
Earlier this week , the Umax Computer Corporation , a Macintosh clone maker based in Fremont , Calif. , and owned by Umax Data Systems of Taiwan , said that it had struck a deal with Apple to license the OS8 operating system software , but only for existing designs .
''We appreciate Microsoft 's contributions , '' Mr. Jiang said .
Although the news sent analysts scrambling to adjust their own quarterly forecasts , most accepted Kodak 's statement that the year remained promising and retained ''buy '' recommendations on the stock .
Executives from Symantec and Veritas Software have been scrambling this week to persuade investors that their proposed $ 13.5 billion deal , the largest in the software industry , makes sense .
Mr. Murdoch was married to Anna , a former newspaper reporter whom he had met in Australia , for 31 years .
The Softbank Corporation , one of Japan 's biggest Internet service providers , owns 42 percent of Yahoo Japan ; Yahoo of the United States owns a 33.5 percent stake .
In the United States , Verizon Wireless has been the most aggressive , setting up its EV-DO wireless data service in 20 cities .
But the process of remaking Citigroup has been bloody .
I.B.M .
Before I.B.M .
I.B.M .
He next became chairman and chief executive of that division and in 1999 was named vice chairman and president of the McDonald 's Corporation .
( AT & T 's stock took its big dive two years ago . )
''This settlement seems to closely track the appeals court ruling , '' said George L. Priest , a professor at the Yale law school , who has consulted for Microsoft occasionally .
In a letter yesterday to Ralph and Brian Roberts , the father-and-son team that controls Comcast , C. Michael Armstrong , AT & T 's chairman , said the board had rejected Comcast 's unsolicited $ 44.5 billion offer after it ''determined that your proposal does not reflect the full value of AT & T Broadband '' -- AT & T 's name for its cable unit .
Under the instructions from Judge Ben Hardin , jurors must first determine three issues : whether Merck failed to warn doctors about Vioxx 's dangers ; whether Vioxx was a defective product and could have been designed differently ; and whether Merck 's negligence is responsible for Mr. Ernst 's death .
Asda executives said Wal-Mart approached Asda just two weeks ago and the agreement announced today came only days before the Asda-Kingfisher deal was due for completion .
Levi Strauss & Co , in effort to reverse years of declining market shares , introduces cheaper brand of jeans to take company into Wal-Mart and other discount stores for first time ; new brand , called Levi Strauss Signature , will be priced below $ 30 and will go on sale in all 3,000 Wal-Mart stores beginning in July ; company says it will produce knockoff of latest version of its own expensive Levi Red jeans , which have sold in some luxury stores at prices over $ 150 ; new line , called Type 1 , will be sold in department stores beginning in December and will cost $ 35 to $ 95 ; photo ( M )
While some analysts speculated that Motorola would bid for Palm , Inder M. Singh of Prudential Equity Group raised another possibility : a leveraged buyout .
Allison K Schieffelin , who brought sex discrimination complaint against Morgan Stanley Dean Witter over firm 's failure to make her managing director , is unusual in her effort to fight from within ; most Wall Street women who think they face glass ceiling simply quit ; many are reluctant to speak up because they are not sure problem is sex discrimination and fear suits make workplace even less friendly for women ; Ann Hopkins , who won sex-bias case against Price Waterhouse accounting firm , comments ; photo ( M )
Beyond that , the Microsoft view was clearly that the reported comments were out of context and out of bounds .
Drivers of some General Motors minivans will soon be pulling into a Shell station here to fill up on hydrogen , the two companies announced today .
Delays Limit Robust Sales At Microsoft
''RealNetworks is now a media store , and Microsoft is a cash register on the back end , selling the underlying software , '' said Charles Di Bona , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company .
At least once a week , Motorola will send election news and information to the cellphones of consumers who sign up online .
Brian Ek , a spokesman for Priceline , said company executives would have no comment about Ms. Miller 's departure beyond what Daniel H. Schulman , the chief executive , said in a statement last week .
Intel forecast that fourth-quarter revenue would be $ 8.6 billion to $ 9.2 billion .
But in the end , after intense negotiations , Microsoft and Creative Artists have negotiated a deal , although it is not yet final .
Yahoo 's decision is a big blow to Inktomi , which had hoped to win back the Yahoo search business it lost to Google two years ago .
In its first foray into Britain , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. agreed today to pay $ 10.8 billion in cash for Asda Group P.L.C. , Britain 's third-largest supermarket chain , thwarting a rival suitor at the last moment and threatening other British retailers with a potentially devastating price war .
''Without Verizon , you do n't have a mobile phone directory , '' said Seamus McAteer , an analyst with the Zelos Group , a market research firm .
''Strong demand has not made for strong financial performance by these three automakers , '' said Scott Sprinzen , a credit analyst for Standard & Poor 's , in a report , referring to General Motors , Ford and the Chrysler Group division of DaimlerChrysler .
But on Friday , Texas Instruments shares rose $ 1.5625 , to $ 54.50 .
Concept car proposed by MIT Media Lab in consultation with Frank Gehry and General Motors has casterlike wheels for 'smart ' parallel parking and on-board transponders to find parking spot ; photo ; team is led by Ryan Chin and Prof William J Mitchell ( Currents column ) ( S )
Analysts say that it helps that MBNA and American Express seek high spenders .
Microsoft will introduce its system , which will be manufactured in Mexico by Flextronics , about the same time .
The new capabilities in the Office system are also needed to lure software developers to create more applications that run on Microsoft products .
''Chevron went in there first and it is finally starting to click , '' said Adam Sieminski of NatWest Securities .
Mr. McNerney said that Boeing finances and strategy were in good shape and that his job was to sharpen the operations .
In after-hours trading , shares of I.B.M .
Amazon said its fourth-quarter sales were above $ 960 million , up 42 percent from a year earlier .
Many analysts said at the time of the Citigroup merger that it would be hard to make the insurance businesses fit .
''I am definitely worried , '' said Gary Bonadonna , director of the Rochester joint board of the Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees , which represents Xerox employees in Webster .
Boeing is estimated to have lost $ 1 billion in government contracts as a result of the suspension .
STUNG by accusations of racism for having used makeup to darken the face of a white stunt driver in the filming of a television commercial , the Ford Motor Company said late yesterday that it would postpone making new commercials until a nationwide strike by unionized actors against advertising agencies is resolved .
But a Microsoft lawyer , Steven Holley , tried to undermine Mr. Green 's credibility , suggesting that Sun was simply trying to use the antitrust case to avoid competing with Microsoft in the market .
''Having Whole Foods here will help business for the farmers , '' said Tom Strumolo , the director of the Greenmarket program .
But often , they turn out to be phonies , at which point Xerox pulls in local police officials and even federal agents .
When Verizon Wireless began the review , Lowe New York said it would not take part and turned over the responsibility for the account to an Interpublic sibling , McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York .
J P Power & Associates ' survey of auto dependability finds Toyota 's luxury brand Lexus has fewest problems ; Lexus owners in survey reported 163 problems per 100 vehicles , versus industry average of 273 ; Nissan 's luxury brand Infiniti comes in second and Buick brand of General Motors Corp third ; Chrysler and Dodge brands outperform Mercedes-Benz , which in turn only narrowly edges out Chrysler 's Jeep brand ; Japanese automakers continue to lead in durability ; Porsche is among industry 's best , and BMW and Jaguar division of Ford Motor Co are better than average , as is GM 's Saab division ; Volkswagen and its Audi division continue to have quality problems ; charts ; photos ( M )
Ohio Atty Gen Marc Dann is making name for himself by fighting corporate fraud ; Dunn has sharply criticized UnitedHealth Group over its ousted former chief executive William W McGuire , who is accused of backdating more than $ 2.3 billion in stock options , and has revived probe of Marsh & McLennan , looking at whether company violated state 's antitrust laws ; he is also trying to rally other state attorneys general to join him in cases affecting investors before Supreme Court ; Dann is seen as successor to New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer in fighting corporate fraud ; photo ( M )
I.B.M. , which is based in New York , allegedly ran the operation to help the Nazis from an office in Geneva , according to the Gypsies ' lawsuit .
It sued to invalidate Microsoft 's trademark on Windows in October and asked for a summary judgment .
The existence of the report , and that it suggested options to restructure Microsoft , was first reported yesterday in The Wall Street Journal .
Yahoo said it had more than 145 million unique visitors in March , up from 60 million a year earlier .
Digital Commerce column notes that proposed AOL-Time Warner merger , which will combine world 's largest Internet service provider with world 's largest news , entertainment and cable television megalith , has set off increasingly urgent discussions about future of broadband and how best to ensure that no single company abuses its control of Internet 's infrastructure ; says reasons for urgency are twofold : issue of how to open privately owned broadband Internet access to all comers , and free-speech issue that arises when any single entity , of any size , controls both transmission medium and information that flows into it ; drawing ( M )
''It was unmistakably clear to Microsoft then , just as it is now , that if we did n't get a resolution , we 'd sue them , '' recalled Robert Litan , then a senior Justice Department official who worked on the consent decree .
People approached Chrysler , a longtime advertiser in People and other Time Warner properties , said Mark T. Spencer , who handles communications for the Dodge brand .
The ''smart objects '' announcement is one of several elements Mr. Gates has planned for his speech , including other new initiatives from Microsoft , to make what amounts to a pep talk to a technology industry humbled by the slump that began two years ago .
At the moment CBS has ordered only one new comedy , though it may decide on others for later in the television season .
Wal-Mart will hold seminars to coach the businesses on how to compete with the giant discount stores -- by , for example , intensifying customer service , for which Wal-Mart often receives low marks .
As a partner in the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati , Mr. Reback and a colleague , Susan Creighton , persuaded the federal government to take up its antitrust case against Microsoft .
Mr. Cassano was charged with insider trading counts in both the Lotus and I.B.M .
Such a broad technology supply deal with I.B.M. , a rival in the PC business , would have been unthinkable a few years ago , Acer executives say .
An Opportunity for A.T. & T .
AT & T 's new campaign conjures up images from recent history .
As recently as June , an Amazon.com spokesman , Bill Curry , said in an interview that the company did not need to change its prices to be profitable .
The Nike campaign was in the works , executives say , well before the much-publicized arrival last month of Dove print and outdoor ads showing six women , none of them models , sizes 4 to 12 , smiling in their underwear .
''I understand that this is a lightning rod issue in the industry , '' an I.B.M .
Even as America Online shareholders wonder about their new company 's growth prospects , some Time Warner shareholders are frustrated that they are receiving less than half the equity in the new company since Time Warner will contribute 80 percent of the revenue and cash flow .
Tracey C. Rembert , the coordinator of corporate governance and engagement for the Service Employees International Union , acknowledges that Wells Fargo is the country 's largest purchaser of renewable energy offsets and has specialists on staff studying all of the implications of climate change on its businesses .
Pfizer Shares Plummet on Loss of a Promising Heart Drug
He also notes that programs to remove Windows are among the best-selling PC software products and cites that fact as evidence of a fundamental failure by Microsoft to keep its customers satisfied .
CBS switched to the free policy because Internet broadband capabilities have improved , demand among users for video products is growing and advertisers are more willing than ever to support the medium .
Unaware that Pfizer was preparing a hostile bid , Mr. Stafford and Lodewijk J. R. de Vink , the chairman of Warner-Lambert , began explaining the details of their deal to reporters at the Plaza Hotel at 11:30 a.m. yesterday .
Mr. Bailey , whose firm also has a buy recommendation on Apple stock , agreed .
They were supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission because I.B.M .
A small number of hand-held computers from Palm , Sony and Handspring , if fitted with a separate Bluetooth adapter , can synchronize address books and other data wirelessly with any Apple computer running OS X that has the D-Link device , called the DWB-120M , installed .
As part of the 1984 antitrust consent decree with the Justice Department , A.T. & T. spun off its local telephone business to the regional Bells .
Background sounds have long been a barrier to the widespread adoption of speech recognition systems , said Li Deng , an electrical engineer and senior researcher in the speech technology group at Microsoft in Redmond , Wash. Like Dr. Aarabi , Dr. Deng has developed software algorithms to improve speech recognition by reducing background noise .
College Sports Television marketing deal with Nike that includes advertising time , promotions for company and regular half-hour program , Nike Training Camp , which will feature mostly teams that have endorsement deals with Nike , renews questions about proper boundaries between advertising and programming as well as between academia and commerce ; branded programs are showing new appeal , as marketers increasingly scramble to stand out ; photo ( M )
CNN Interactive , the computer-based news division of the Cable News Network , said yesterday that it had reached a long-term agreement with the AT & T Corporation to deliver multimedia business news over AT & T 's new Internet service .
Yet they insist that its rarefied approach is a luxury that Apple can afford only because it is a niche company accounting for less than 5 percent of worldwide PC sales .
MSN Music , which began selling music last fall , will have the exclusive right to sell the Smithsonian catalog through September , executives at Microsoft and Smithsonian Folkways said .
The contract to take over part of Delta 's operations is the first outsourcing agreement won by AT & T 's Global Information Solutions unit .
''The biggest hurdle for General Mills would be convincing investors that it could accelerate top-line growth , '' said Andrew Lazar of Lehman Brothers .
But global financial markets have been pummeled since late summer , forcing Citigroup to adopt less ambitious goals .
Some people involved in the case said they believed Morgan Stanley was acting in a way that suggested it wanted to disguise ties to Mr. Luethke .
Exxon Mobil , the world 's largest publicly traded oil company , announced yesterday that Lee R. Raymond , its chairman and chief executive , would retire at the end of the year , after 12 years during which he steered the company ahead of its rivals .
Attacks Microsoft Official on Netscape Meeting
Today , I.B.M .
Another survey by American Express found that 69 percent wanted to give money and gift certificates , up from 41 percent five years ago , and that 72 percent wanted to receive them .
Still , for an organization not intended to be regarded as anti-Microsoft the name ''liberty '' was not the wisest choice .
The prices for Verizon 's service are similar to those of AT & T , Vonage and other providers .
One can only imagine how different the world would be had I.B.M .
And Merck is no longer Wall Street 's darling .
Intel announced the Indian computer project as part of a wider global strategy to promote the use of technology in emerging markets .
With Bluetooth wireless technology , Apple enables short-range wireless connections between PC 's , hand-held computers , printers , digital cameras , keyboards , even computer mice .
But the mood was somber in Rochester , where Kodak is based .
Another critical flaw affects only Windows 2000 , and the fifth such flaw affects Microsoft 's Exchange Server 5.5 and Exchange 2000 Server products .
Verizon says it will start selling video services some time next year , but it has not said what kinds of programming it plans to offer and at what cost to consumers .
Moreover , eBay , which had focused on used and unusual items , is moving in on Amazon 's turf , offering new mainstream goods , often with fixed prices rather than through auctions .
I.B.M .
And despite the price cuts from Blockbuster and Netflix , Walmart.com 's service remains the least expensive in at least one regard , Mr. Swint said .
Wyndham International reintroduces offer that gives new members of its ByRequest guest-loyalty program free local and long-distance phone calls within 48 contiguous US ; American Express opens business-travel center in Shanghai and is planning another one in Guangzhou ; estimates business travel spending in China is $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion per year ; Air Transport Association chief economist David Swierenga says average domestic air fares declined 1.6 percent during December ; says for all of 2002 fares were down 15 percent and passenger traffic was down 8 percent over 2001 ; State Department , in wake of possible war in Iraq , issues worldwide alert advising Americans abroad to be prepared for possible emergencies and to keep passports and other important travel papers readily at hand ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
Juniper Networks agrees to pay premium price of about $ 4 billion for computer security company NetScreen Technologies ; analysts say proposed acquisition , rather than reflecting return of broader technology boom , points more specifically to rising concerns over hackers , computer worms , viruses and other daily threats to reliability of corporate and home networks ; also underscores effort by Juniper Networks , which makes routers used to direct data traffic , to expand its reach in markets where it competes with Cisco Systems , leader in producing complex digital plumbing that makes Internet flow ; photo ( M )
The bid for SAP that Microsoft was pursuing would have been the largest ever in the computer industry .
That internal conflict significantly delayed Intel 's design of a wireless chip for laptops .
Yahoo plans to announce Thursday that it is recruiting scientists who pioneered an advanced search-engine technology at I.B.M .
Yet when the ad agency paid $ 20 million for part-ownership of Scirex in 1999 , a top Omnicom executive , Thomas L. Harrison , said he expected Scirex 's research to produce positive results for drug company clients -- results that would help speed new-drug applications , or N.D.A .
Prince , who expressed concern that Citigroup had not coordinated its approach to brand management , when he wrote , ''This clearly is n't a thoughtful approach to dealing with one of our most important assets . ''
And most of these new trials did aim to increase hemoglobin above the levels recommended in the drugs ' labels , though that was not the case with Amgen 's own trial .
In a letter addressed to Craig Barrett , Intel 's president and chief executive , Richard Parker , director of the F.T.C .
John Gibson , president of Halliburton 's energy services group , recently said in a speech to employees that he favored lifting economic sanctions against Cuba , as well as Libya and Iran .
That comment appeared aimed at fending off the interest in Kodak shown recently by Carl C. Icahn , the Wall Street investor .
On Wednesday , Oracle issued a press release stating that nothing had changed in its outlook .
BellSouth , based in Atlanta , argued that AT & T had violated the breakup decree because it owned a stake in several of the cellular systems owned by McCaw .
Two competing visions of digital age of home entertainment are emerging : one centered on personal computer and the other on video game console ; Intel Corp and Microsoft Corp hope to reshape PC into entertainment-oriented multimedia computer that will fit comfortably into family room ; Microsoft is also hedging its bets by turning to IBM to develop chip for its next-generation Xbox game player ; Sony Corp and Microsoft are weighing how many interactive media and digital video recording features they can add to their next-generation game players without making them too complex or expensive ; photo ( M )
Asked about press reports that the government would seek to break Microsoft into two or three separate companies , Mr. Ballmer said such a move would be ''reckless beyond belief '' and would harm consumers .
Hundreds of millions of people around the world use Windows PC 's and in Microsoft surveys about half of them report playing games .
One concern expressed by the Bancrofts , according to a person close to the family , is the future of the News Corporation .
''He is expected to 'ring fence ' his assets so that he will have no influence on how they are managed , '' said Lucas van Praag , a Goldman Sachs spokesman .
In what is becoming one of the drug industry 's nastiest takeover battles , Warner-Lambert released some confidential details yesterday of its agreement with Pfizer to co-promote Lipitor , a successful cholesterol-lowering drug .
Software giants like Microsoft would get tax breaks intended to encourage exports .
Shares of Intel closed down $ 2.94 , at $ 31.44 today , and slipped another 6 cents in trading after the market had closed .
Criticizes Viagra Ads , Prompting Pfizer to Halt Th
Mr. Bidart had asked the jury to award about $ 32 million in punitive damages , roughly the value of Aetna 's surplus in California above legally required reserves .
With Wal-Mart Stores under mounting pressure to spend more on employee health insurance , the company 's chief executive on Sunday urged the nation 's governors not to pass legislation that would burden the giant retailer , and pledged to work with the governors to move workers off state Medicaid rolls .
Microsoft is also playing me-too in the increasingly popular field of local search with a feature called Near Me , which provides results tailored to a Web surfer 's geographic locale .
''The initial rhetoric was full of terms like liberty from Microsoft and Passport , '' said Adam Sohn , product manager for Microsoft 's .Net strategy .
ONE year ago , almost to the day , Samuel J. Palmisano , the chief executive of I.B.M. , delivered a speech in New York that sketched his company 's vision of the future of computing , which he called ''on-demand computing . ''
The new campaign -- the first from DeVito/Verdi in New York -- will compete with the funny , award-winning advertising by Staples , its chief rival and former merger partner .
Xerox also signed several contracts to manage document flow for other companies .
For years , the core of the industry has been companies like I.B.M. , Comdisco and SunGard , which maintain ''hot sites '' where clients quickly relocate their most critical information systems .
In the last year , Cox and many other small or medium-size cable companies have repeatedly called for Mr. Roberts of Comcast to use its power as the largest cable operator to drive down the rising cost of programming , especially for ESPN and Fox 's regional sports networks .
Supreme Court decides to review group of cases that could have profound implications for how much consumers will pay for local telephone and high-speed Internet services ; in telephone cases , court will review which method is most appropriate to use to determine how much regional Bell operating companies charge newer , smaller companies to lease equipment in markets that regulators have struggled to try to open to competition ; appeal in telephone case , Verizon Communications v FCC , is consolidation of five lower court challenges ; cases are part of extensive litigation among industry factions following attempts to begin deregulating industry and to make service and prices more competitive through Telecommunications Act of 1996 ; in Internet cases , court will decide whether Federal Communications Commission officials have authority to regulate how much utilities can charge cable companies for using their poles to attach wires that deliver high-speed Internet service ; cases will be heard in next Supreme Court session , which begins in October ( M )
Chevron said its ad was shown earlier in other countries and broadcast as part of a worldwide campaign to encourage debate about energy issues .
Sales rose 2 percent in the Asia-Pacific region and were up 9 percent in Latin America , McDonald 's said .
The Intel Corporation went on the offensive on Tuesday , showing off a new design for powerful , energy-efficient processors that it hopes will help it gain back the market share it has lost to its rival , Advanced Micro Devices .
Kodak plans to spend millions of dollars at the summer Olympics , and it should use that opportunity to demonstrate everything they are doing , and can do .
Microsoft announced yesterday that it was extending the online gaming service for its Xbox consoles to the millions of people who use Windows PCs to play games over the Internet , a move that could bolster the popularity -- and profits -- of video gaming .
After Ford Motor backed out of a deal to buy Daewoo Motor in September , creditors scrambled to open new negotiations with General Motors and Fiat of Italy .
But some cautioned that Campbell 's might be taking a risk if it chose to focus on its high-margin but slow-growing soup business , a business that accounts for about 60 percent of its revenue .
Electronic Arts Lowers Forecast , Citing Machine Shortages
But I.B.M .
Justice Department officials accused Microsoft of failing to comply by offering three unworkable choices to personal computer manufacturers .
Mr. Willumstad recruited her in 1987 to join Commercial Credit , a Citigroup predecessor .
Mr. Ernst may have died so quickly that his heart muscle did not show the classic damage of a heart attack , Dr. Araneta said in her deposition -- an interview given under oath , and conducted by lawyers for Merck .
But it appears unlikely that Mr. Murdoch , who has zealously maintained the 30 percent control his family has of News Corporation , would give Mr. Malone anything but nonvoting stock .
computer designer who is director of research at Microsoft and Mr. Rashid 's second in command .
Now Electronic Arts , like other game makers , is trying to develop more of its own game concepts from scratch .
At stake is a growing product category in which Listerine , part of Pfizer , sold $ 82.1 million worth of Pocket Paks in the 52 weeks ending April 20 , according to Information Resources Inc. in Chicago .
On Friday , a majority of PeopleSoft stockholders accepted Oracle 's offer of $ 24 a share , or $ 9.2 billion .
The union finally endorsed the takeover by General Motors after G.M .
It was Catherine Rice 's bulletins on the I.B.M .
But the Pfizer deal is a sign that is changing .
He acknowledged that despite Microsoft 's assurances that it has taken pains to protect customer privacy and that only crash data is reported , some customers still have privacy concerns about the service .
A television campaign , created by Nike 's lead worldwide creative agency , Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , will feature the ''I Can '' theme in 30- and 60-second spots beginning New Year 's Day .
Reader will be the first Microsoft product to use ClearType , a technology that according to the company can make on-screen type appear three times as clear as conventional displays .
Even if Enron files for bankruptcy , neither J. P. Morgan nor Citigroup is thought to have enough exposure to be at serious risk .
''The sense we got is that demand is robust , and that Kodak 's third quarter seemed on track , '' said Jonathan Rosenzweig , an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney .
EBay 's decision to close its Web site in China and take a 49 percent stake in an e-commerce venture with a Chinese company is the latest sign that local knowledge and connections matter in the Chinese market .
For example , the new software is expected to give hundreds of AT & T customers the ability to create their own Web pages .
Correction : Picture caption with Feb 13 article on Comcast bid for Walt Disney Co misidentified sie shown2
Albert Fazio , a senior engineer with Intel , said that at the most basic level , the chip was designed to make it easier to gain access to the Internet on mobile phones .
Boston Scientific is close to receiving approval for its competing stent , Taxus , and some analysts expect the company to take away the market lead from Johnson & Johnson .
During the third quarter , I.B.M .
Citigroup plans to announce changes today in marketing and other practices at its consumer lending business .
Morgan Stanley has yet to offer a full explanation or to provide supporting invoices or tax documents that would show that the payment was made for a legitimate business purpose , lawyers involved in the matter said .
When Mr. Wallace joined the Microsoft Corporation in 1978 , he became its ninth employee .
Danka now pays Kodak for the machines , as well as for toner and spare parts , and contributes about $ 35 million each year toward developing new copiers and printers .
No decisions were made , and the lawyers left to discuss the questions with others at the Justice Department and Microsoft .
Ms. Cross noted that Kodak was facing heady competition not only in digital cameras and prints , but in product lines like retail printing kiosks , inkjet printers and organic light-emitting diodes , a technology that Kodak has been licensing to others for use in electronic displays .
In contrast to Motorola , Intel provided few specifics in its announcement , instead making only an oblique reference to weakness in ''O.E.M .
Deal for Dow Jones & Co could allow thousands of its employees to cash out their stock options for tidy profit ; if News Corp is successful , it could also mean multimillion-dollar paydays for top managers of Dow Jones ( M )
I.B.M .
Negotiations to sell its fiber optics operation , a transaction that could be worth as much as $ 4 billion , are continuing but have run into snags after the possibility arose that Corning might challenge the transaction in court .
Cisco is the leader in the router business , but it faces a challenge from its main Silicon Valley rival , Juniper Networks .
Besides Mr. Keller , another Marriott employee , Abdu A. Malahi , was killed .
Mr. Norris said Microsoft charged I.B.M .
The lack of interoperability of Office applications was never part of an antitrust case in the United States , though the state of Massachusetts raised the issue in a discussion with Microsoft over public procurement .
Barbara Perlmutter , a spokeswoman for Marsh & McLennan , said insurers had agreed to an extension of coverage , but that she did not know for how long .
Last year , I.B.M .
That is because Texas Instruments worked with the University of Texas to create a special M.B.A. curriculum for its up-and-coming managers .
Alliance Pharmaceutical says researchers investigating why patients receiving Oxygent , its blood substitute , have more strokes and other adverse reactions during heart surgery than those in control group who did not get Oxygent have concluded that flawed surgery preparation procedures are to blame , not product itself ; Alliance plans to resume clinical testing of Oxygent and will receive $ 15 million investment in May from Baxter International under agreement that gives Baxter right to manufacture Oxygent if it gains regulatory approval and to sell it in US , Canada and Europe ( M )
Both questioned whether the move represented a radical strategy shift for Wal-Mart .
Some investors suggest the board of MCI would probably reconsider Qwest 's offer if only to push Verizon to raise its bid .
The authority failed to complete the deal with Vornado because ''seven or eight substantial issues '' remained unresolved yesterday , according to several authority commissioners .
General Motors Chairman Announces He 'll Retire Next Year
In turn , Diveo hired I.B.M .
The partnerships were key to Marriott 's growth in the late 1980 's , enabling the company to raise more than $ 1 billion in capital and build about $ 5 billion worth of hotels .
I.B.M. , Oracle , Sun Microsystems and six other companies submitted a formal complaint to the European Commission on Wednesday , claiming that Microsoft continues to abuse its dominant position in the software market in spite of a 2004 European antitrust ruling against it .
Path to AT & T Breakup Has Become a Rocky Road
Mr. Israelite , now Mr. Ashcroft 's deputy chief of staff , has recused himself from any involvement in the Microsoft antitrust case because he owns 100 shares of Microsoft stock .
Mr. Smith also pointed to phrasing in the judge 's 91-page decision that gave Microsoft ''substantial cause for optimism '' that the company might eventually win in court .
Connecting the viewer to Adidas or Nike through design , however , is more difficult in the Olympics because of regulations that limit the size of logos .
Yahoo 's revenue was slightly higher than analysts ' expectations of $ 1.22 billion .
Mattel 's regulatory filing also shows that Bruce L. Stein , who resigned as chief operating officer and president of the company 's worldwide operations last month , received a salary of $ 760,390 and a bonus of $ 350,000 for 1998 .
Ending five months of bitter legal wrangling , the Intel Corporation has agreed to buy the semiconductor manufacturing operations of the Digital Equipment Corporation for $ 700 million and to pay royalties to the computer maker as part of a broad settlement of a patent infringement suit brought by Digital .
He immediately set about promoting the messages Coca-Cola will apparently use to restore confidence .
The new offering also changes the way Lucent will repay its debt to its lead underwriter , Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , which had bought $ 2.3 billion in Lucent commercial paper .
German software company SAP looks stronger after disclosing that it had considered being acquired by Microsoft ; announcement of talks by SAP and Microsoft was intended to pre-empt probable disclosure dujring antitrust trial for Oracle Corp 's hostile bid for PeopleSoft ; SAP is biggest gainer and most actively traded stock on Frankfurt exchange , rising 2.5 percent ; SAP spokesman Herbert Heitmann says company is not for sale ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The campaign was swiftly approved by Apple , then begun with the television commercial , which first ran on Sept. 28 , followed by the print ads , billboards and posters .
Trouble was , this `` zero plus '' dialing did not work on about one-quarter of pay phones that use long-distance companies other than A.T. & T. , and many customers were furious .
Oracle 's revenue from new software license fees was $ 947 million in the quarter , up from $ 847 million a year ago , with most of the growth coming from the company 's database business .
With supermarkets , Starbucks and other major coffee and sandwich chains rapidly moving into New York City , the grocers have seen their business drop in the last five years , by about 30 percent , according to the Korean-American Grocers Association of New York , which has about 2,500 members in the five boroughs .
When Coke was first introduced in Europe , Italians dumped it on the streets of Rome and the French tried to ban it .
But the company decided last month to seek approval for a nonprescription version after Johnson & Johnson and Wyeth said they would also market their own over-the-counter versions of loratadine after Claritin 's patent protection ends .
Ms. Whitman also said this would be a big year for advertising on eBay .
Mr. Sullivan 's company , despite being backed by Chemical Bank and founded by one of AT & T 's top wireless strategists , dropped out last week .
Group of Western investors , including Wilbur L Ross , a specialist in corporate rescues , and the American International Group , plan to increase their investment in three financial affiliates of the Hyundai Group to $ 1 billion so as to gain a firmer hold on Hyundai Securities , South Korea 's largest brokerage house ( M )
If somehow within all these parameters we can accommodate him to Nike , that would be great . ''
''We 've never marketed it before to the consumer , where we , the retailer and the consumer are all part of the program , '' said Campbell 's chief executive , Dale R. Morrison .
About 22 percent of test subjects in that study also took low-dose aspirin for heart protection purposes , a figure that reflected the proportion of all patients likely to use the drugs , said Dr. Gail Cawkwell , a medical director for Pfizer .
Irene Nazarko , 58 , a homemaker in Secaucus , N.J. , who calls herself a ''shopaholic , '' said during a recent Wal-Mart outing that she already went to the store four times a week before she heard of the generic drug offer .
Amazon 's most unfortunate decision was to borrow a lot of money when its stock was hot , even though it could have gotten virtually free capital from stock buyers .
Advertising column examines whether strike by Verizon Communications employees has hampered company 's campaign to rename and market new brands ; photo ( M )
MICROSOFT SEEKS ACCORD WITH U.S. AND DODGES SUIT
Tire failures and rollovers involving Bridgestone/Firestone and the Ford Motor Company have emerged as the biggest product liability controversy in years , and Venezuela as one of the scandal 's main focal points .
The American Express Company yesterday concluded a three-month review of most media planning and buying duties for its worldwide account , with spending estimated at more than $ 500 million , by keeping the agency that has been handling those tasks , MindShare , part of the GroupM division of the WPP Group .
Mr. Tosto of Smart Money speculated that the portals , like Yahoo , would eventually start assembling premium content , in a manner similar to cable television operators .
At I.B.M. , David Cassano , general manager of Year 2000 Global Initiatives , said that his company had told a few customers that no software upgrades were available for their older computers but , he added , ''it is not the majority of systems , by a long shot . ''
The takeover fight for MCI took another twist yesterday when the chairmen of Qwest Communications and Verizon Communications both released letters stating their cases for being permitted to buy the troubled long-distance carrier .
But Mr. Amelio said that while Apple did not plan to end its stock option plans for executives , all cash and stock bonuses would be suspended until Apple was able to return to sustained profitability .
Mr. Burke says Comcast began preparing for the merger after it was announced in December 2001 .
In December , Home Depot brought in Robert L. Nardelli as chief executive .
Intel , with estimated microprocessor sales of $ 14.9 billion in 1996 , is the market leader at about 80 percent .
Johnson & Johnson was not talking yesterday , but some analysts say the company 's tough bargaining last fall resulted not only in the company 's losing Guidant , but a certain amount of corporate luster as well .
Under A.T. & T. 's plan , the company will buy back five issues of debentures , which are debt backed by the good reputation of a company rather than specific assets .
McDonald 's Corp chief executive James R Cantalupo tries to play down concerns about mad cow disease in Canada and focuses instead on his plan to revitalize McDonald 's brand at shareholders ' meeting ; sales at North American operations do not appear to be affected by discovery of single case of disease in dead cow in Alberta ; sales increased few percentage points at Canadian restaurants on May 21 , day after announcement ; photo ( M )
MICROSOFT FLIGHT SIMULATOR 98 ( Microsoft ; $ 59.95 ; Windows 95 and Windows NT 4.0 or later . )
Last year , according to International Data , Dell 's share of the United States education market grew 5.4 percent , to 34.3 percent , while Apple 's share fell 3.3 percent , slipping to 19 percent .
's letter was bleak for Boston Scientific .
Kodak 's shares soared $ 8.75 , or nearly 12 percent , to $ 82.50 , as analysts pushed up their earnings estimates for all of 1998 and 1999 .
Pattie Garrahy , the chief executive of PGR Media , an independent media strategy planning and buying agency , said she had already had interest from clients in buying ad time during the first four weeks of Ms. Couric 's CBS job .
For Microsoft , he said , ''AOL was the single best way to gain market share . ''
The I.B.M .
Earlier this month , Mr. Jobs , noting that , ''Michael Dell has been saying some disparaging things about us , '' used a boxy portable Dell computer as a foil to show off the features of Apple 's sleek new iBook .
Indeed , Yahoo said that Ted Meisel , the president of its search advertising unit and the former chief executive of Overture Services , which Yahoo bought two years ago , would leave the company at the end of this year .
A Microsoft executive disputed this , saying the company was developing software in this area .
Amgen Acquires Option For a Heart Failure Drug
But the merged company has also had disappointing growth in industrial controls and fire security systems , two businesses that the old Honeywell brought to the party .
Regardless of whether Verizon or Qwest ultimately wins the tug of war , MCI has obtained what it hoped for : a bidding war for a company that emerged from bankruptcy protection less than a year ago .
Pfizer , which makes Celebrex , a competing painkiller in the class known as COX-2 inhibitors , gained 42 cents , to close at $ 30.60 .
Airbus , Europe 's largest aircraft manufacturer , has fought its way to control of about half the world market for commercial jetliners in hard-fought struggle with Boeing Co ; Airbus 's success is in large measure result of efforts of John J Leahy , senior vice president for sales ; Leahy , veteran of deregulation and consolidation of airline industry in United States , says success of Airbus is not one-man effort , but rather efforts of 500-person sales team in seven regions around the world ; European airlines have in recent years turned to American executives who have experience in dealing with turmoil in US airline industry ; photos , including Leahy ( M )
( ''Even reasonably cynical people get starry-eyed over Bill , '' observed one of Microsoft 's newer managers . )
The Intel Corporation warned today that its third-quarter revenues were likely to be below the company 's previous expectations , primarily because of weaker demand for the company 's microprocessing chips in Europe .
After learning of incidents like the evening at Nobu , and the suspected relationship , Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm and Mr. Womack around noon on Monday in terse meetings at the company 's headquarters in Bentonville , Ark .
While the Europeans could not technically have blocked the Boeing-McDonnell Douglas merger , the fines could have made it difficult for Boeing to operate in Europe .
Steven Guggenheimer , a product manager for the Microsoft Corporation , said manufacturers had expressed ''a lot of interest '' in WebTV for Windows and tuner cards .
During his afternoon cross-examination , Mr. Boies attacked the credibility of Mr. Eubanks as a witness , portraying him as a Microsoft ally and dependent .
Three are owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies : Ammirati Puris Lintas in New York ; the Lowe & Partners/SMS unit of Lowe Group in New York , and the Martin Agency in Richmond .
I.B.M .
Interpublic agreed not to pay a dividend on March 15 , which will be first time since it went public in 1971 that it did not make the payment .
Restaurants are adopting tougher policies to deal with problem of no-shows , people who make reservations but fail to appear ; some restaurants demand credit card number of secure reservations , and others require deposit of up to $ 300 ; some will impose penalty for no-shows ; American Express is going nationwide with a pilot program designed to fight no-shows by dangling the threat of a charge ; photo ; drawing ( M )
The BellSouth-Yahoo site will begin operation next fall .
Also , last month , the company introduced a commercial that presents for the first time an animated version of the Coca-Cola Santa Claus character created by the artist Hadden Sundblom in 1931 .
Industry officials and analysts said that I.B.M. , based in Armonk , N.Y. , heavily influenced the decision to focus on New York .
As a military contractor , Boeing is obliged to supply the documents , the Government contended .
Sailing slowly but smoothly through the stormy seas that have buffeted other technology companies recently , the International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that its earnings increased more than 6 percent in the third quarter .
Correction : July 17 , 2001 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday about potential deals involving the cable business of AT & T misstated the relationship of two top executives at AOL Time Warner , one of the companies with which AT & T is considering a deal .
Yahoo had asked for a wide range of documents from Google , which in turn had argued that the requests were too broad .
'' Meanwhile , Mr. Auletta -- who suggested that the trial had irreparably harmed Microsoft 's image -- said he had not yet heard from Mr. Gates .
ABC also planned a joint venture with DirectTV , a satellite company , to buy and install satellite dishes in Los Angeles , New York and Houston for viewers seeking an alternative to Time Warner 's cable service .
He went on : ''One of the sad things is , Toyota is so profitable and has plants in so many states that , frankly , they 've got more congressmen and senators than General Motors does . ''
Christopher J. Coughlin , 50 , who joined Interpublic two months ago in the new post of chief operating officer as part of the company 's efforts to right itself , will assume Mr. Orr 's title and duties .
Manufactured by Motorola , the i95cl is a flip phone modeled after a predecessor , the i90c , with the added attraction of a 1.9-inch liquid crystal display screen .
But it 's not only competitors like Netscape that have encountered Microsoft 's force .
The remaining 80 percent will belong to Motorola and its shareholders .
Mr. Dym called it ''a big-time irony '' that Microsoft was releasing its instant-messaging protocol , since it has jealously guarded the source code for its operating systems and software programs .
Dublin , said David A. Cornick , director of the I.B.M .
Hughes has supposedly sought investments from Microsoft , General Electric and another corporate partner .
By the time they met for dinner , Mr. Levin and Richard J. Bressler , chairman of Time Warner 's Digital Media division , were ready to settle the critical outstanding issues with Mr. Case and Mr. Novack .
Marsh & McLennan , world 's largest insurance broker , says it agreed to buy Sedgwick Group , largest independent broker in Europe , for $ 2.05 billion in cash ; deal increases Marsh & McLennan 's business with largest corporations in Europe and with midsized companies in United States ; Marsh & McLennon will pay 58 percent more per share than Sedgwick 's closing price on London Stock Exchange on Aug 24 ; total price is about 15 times earnings under generally accepted accounting principles in US at time other insurance brokers have been trading at 10 or 11 times earnings ; deal is latest in struggle for dominance in worldwide brokerage business between Marsh and its chief rival , Aon Corp ; analysts say Marsh was eager to keep Aon from acquiring Sedgwick ( M )
Cisco , based in San Jose , Calif. , expects to take a related charge of up to 2 cents a share .
A representative for Citigroup could not say whether bank executives had lobbied in favor of a rescue package for Brazil .
In another sign of continued health for high-technology makers , the International Business Machines Corporation reported first-quarter earnings yesterday that were well in excess of analysts ' estimates .
Apple Earnings Bolstered By iPod and Notebook Sales
The raid by Deutsche Bank , which has used the turmoil at Morgan Stanley to try to build its own equity business , underscores the blood-in-the-water mentality that currently surrounds Morgan Stanley .
Microsoft said yesterday that it had reached a preliminary settlement with consumers in Minnesota who claimed the company had overcharged them for software from 1994 to 2001 , ending another legal entanglement , one of several that Microsoft has recently managed to resolve .
The same discretion is used in complaints about Yahoo auctions .
Ryanair has spread delivery of its 125 Boeing jets from this year to 2009 , while easyJet will take delivery of its 120 Airbus planes until 2007 .
Oracle 's strong sales were in contrast to sluggishness reported by most vendors of what is known as enterprise resource planning , or E.R.P. , software , including SAP , Peoplesoft , BAAN and JD Edwards .
Fighting the tide of retrenchment in the technology industry , Sony , Toshiba and I.B.M .
It was German stomach-friendly coffee that persuaded Procter & Gamble to try to create its own brand two and a half years ago , along with consumer research that indicated that consumers were frustrated by the stomach problems they associated with coffee .
Ms. Tassler is the president of entertainment at CBS .
The other two commercials with suicide themes that have been withdrawn were for General Motors and Volkswagen of America .
Format for Microsoft Appeal
Speaking during the 2001 Paris Air Show , he compared the opposition of President Jacques Chirac of France to a missile-shield program , in which Boeing was a major contractor , to assurances by Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain of Britain in the late 1930 's that Nazi Germany was not a threat .
Motorola Deal With Canadian Supplier
But Mr. Johnson , analysts say , deserves much of the credit for the success of Apple 's stores .
Peter Moore , a Microsoft corporate vice president for worldwide sales and marketing , said Xbox 360 would be especially suited for wide-screen high-definition television and Digital Dolby 5.1 multichannel sound , a requirement for all Xbox 360 games .
At a news conference , Apple 's chief technical officer , Ellen Hancock , conceded that the deal happened so quickly that her company had spent $ 400 million for Next without deciding whether Apple would build Rhapsody , its code name for the merged Apple-Next software operating system -- not expected for 18 months , on Next 's on Next 's Unix-based operating system , or on Apple 's own Macintosh software .
The United Automobile Workers union 's contract with a critical supplier of the General Motors Corporation will expire at the same time , and the union has prepared itself for a strike .
He acknowledged that there were challenges to be overcome in areas like privacy and computer security , skipping lightly over the fact that security flaws have bedeviled many Microsoft products .
AT & T acquired its 52 percent stake in Lin when AT & T acquired McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. for $ 11.5 billion last fall .
''Taken in context of what 's happened in A.M.D. , this is a huge win , '' Douglas K. Lee , a managing director with Banc of America Securities , said of Intel 's earnings .
And I.B.M .
Time Warner 's board plans to meet to compare two proposed deals for Warner Music ; merger with EMI involving only recording unit of Warner Music could end up being worth more than $ 2.8 billion ; outright sale of unit , including its music publishing business , to group of investors led by Edgar Bronfman Jr would give Time Warner only about $ 2.55 billion ; Time Warner 's board might find Bronfman proposal more appealing if regulatory risk is factored in along with price ; fact that Sony and Bertelsmann are already proposing to merge their music businesses makes likelihood that regulators in US and Europe would approve Warner-EMI deal appear distant ; chart ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The recall , which affects less than 1 percent of Coke 's global sales , is another public blow for Coca-Cola , which last year sold $ 18.8 billion worth of soft drinks around the world but has been struggling with declining volume in many regions .
But McDonald 's remains far and away the biggest fast-food advertiser .
Motorola Inc. warned late today that earnings during the current quarter would fall well below Wall Street 's expectations , another jolt for investors in technology stocks who were already alarmed by the Intel Corporation 's similar announcement on Wednesday .
Any day now , Google 's market value , currently $ 80 billion , could pass Time Warner 's $ 81 billion value .
But that would jeopardize the partnership with Microsoft in which , because of the price discounts , millions and millions of dollars were flowing back and forth to the benefit of both companies . ''
( 800,000 records ) and Aetna ( 130,000 ) moved the total to the threshold , when Boeing revealed yesterday that a laptop recently stolen from an employee 's car contained names , Social Security numbers and other data on 382,000 current and former employees of the aerospace giant -- bringing the total to a grim 100,152,801 records ( as of this post ) . ''
Using this framework , Mr. Suria 's analysis stated that Amazon ended 2000 with approximately $ 386 million in net working capital .
Intel said weaker demand resulted in lower revenue in the Americas , Japan and Europe , compared with the fourth quarter of 1997 , while revenue in the Asia-Pacific region was higher than in the previous quarter .
The AT & T Corporation reported yesterday that it had a net loss in the first quarter and reiterated that second-quarter earnings targets would come in below Wall Street 's expectations .
At the news conference , Mr. Stern aimed angry comments at the chief executive of the CBS Corporation , Leslie Moonves , saying that in ''coming after me , '' Mr. Moonves was trying to cover up for ''record losses in ratings '' for CBS 's radio station by beginning the legal assault on its once-brightest star .
I.B.M .
Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , which represent more than 86,000 customer service workers and technicians who are on strike at Verizon Communications , continue to wrangle with company over several issues , extending strike now in its 11th day ( M )
Jury in San Bernardino County , Calif , Superior Court awards $ 116 million in punitive damages to David Goodrich 's widow , Teresa , who contends her husband died after subsidiary of Aetna Inc , nation 's largest health insurer , delayed approving treatment for stomach cancer that its own doctors had recommended ; lawyers on both sides call it largest such verdict against health maintenance organization ; Aetna says it is confident that damages will be overturned on appeal , as will finding by jury , which awarded $ 4.5 million in actual damages in 1995 death ( M )
Host Marriott , the real estate company that controls the partnerships , and Marriott International , Host 's much larger cousin , which actually collects fees from the partnerships to manage the hotels , will split the cost of the settlement .
If compelled to eat at McDonald 's , I would choose the new menu of salads , which were introduced on Monday , with one of the Newman dressings , which are tastier than most other packaged versions .
Correction : July 2 , 2005 , Saturday The Market Place column in Business Day on Thursday , about the accounting for General Motors ' pension fund , misstated the business of Ryan ALM Inc. , a company founded by Ronald J. Ryan .
A set of crucial computers in the nation 's air traffic control system should not be used beyond December 1999 , because they may not operate reliably when the date rolls over to Jan. 1 , 2000 , and there is no way to predict the effect on air traffic , according to I.B.M. , which built the computers .
Besides , he said , eBay 's entry into this field would be impractical , since online liquidators ''can hold the hands of the large manufacturer or retailer , where we simply could n't do that . ''
Moreover , antitrust experts say that even if some of the consumer suits prevail , it is far from certain that Microsoft will end up facing the kind of huge judgments that could shape its future behavior .
Keith S. Sherin , 40 , the vice president of finance and financial services at GE Medical Systems , replaced Mr. Dammerman as chief financial officer for General Electric .
To curb such moves , Microsoft is backing an industry group called the Initiative for Software Choice .
Amazon.com says it lost $ 323 million in fourth quarter of 1999 , more than expected and 543 percent more than it lost in quarter a year earlier ; sales in quarter increased 167 percent , to $ 676 million ; Amazon says it cost $ 19 in marketing to acquire each of its 3.8 million new customers in quarter , far less than other online businesses ; says its 14 million active customers spent average of $ 116 for the year , up from $ 106 in 1998 ( M )
Microsoft Corp warns computer users someone posing electronically as company executive fooled VeriSign Inc , provider of digital signatures , into issuing fraudulent electronic certificates in Microsoft 's name ; false documents could be used by software virus writers or other vandals trying to trick unsuspecting users into running hostile programs on their computers ( M )
The California Supreme Court ruled that the fraud lawsuit should not be dismissed , concluding that Nike 's statements about its labor practices were commercial speech that did not deserve full First Amendment protection .
The slogan is meant to portray AT & T as a one-stop shop for communications , everything from the plain old phone to global fiber networks .
Citigroup said in its earnings release that it added $ 100 million in the quarter to legal reserves for its European , Middle Eastern and African corporate and investment banking unit .
What does that make Microsoft ?
The move to bolster the antitrust case comes as Federal and state investigators deposing William H. Gates decided that they needed an unexpected third day to interrogate the Microsoft chairman .
Aetna Reports a Loss As Medical Costs Surge
Boeing also said that it would continue development of the MD-95 , a new 100-seat , twin-engine jet that would be the smallest passenger aircraft in the company 's stable .
Judges Voice Doubt On Order Last Year To Split Microsoft
''Saxon was a long-term strategic decision , '' said Anthony Tufariello , who heads the securitized product group at Morgan Stanley .
Some analysts who watch the Mexican market predict that Taesa could eventually move into the No .
But yesterday 's hint of a possible deal seemed to excite Digital investors -- despite the fact that many painful details would have to be ironed out -- because it held the prospect that Digital might be able to switch its customers over to Intel 's chip architecture , which has become the industry standard .
The prices at Costco , Stew Leonard 's and Sam 's Club , when compared with those of Fairway and Key Food in the city , were not overwhelmingly lower , especially considering the cost of gas and the travel time .
The informal inquiry , which Kodak announced in a regulatory filing yesterday , ''is not unexpected following a restatement of financial results , and we are cooperating fully , '' Mr. Lanzillo said .
The Microsoft story did not appear in The Wall Street Journal newspaper which , along with Wall Street Journal Interactive , is published by Dow Jones & Company .
Ellen Schneier , a nurse in New York who is disabled by colon cancer , said she stayed with her Aetna Medicare H.M.O. , even after it stopped paying for drugs on Jan. 1 , because the Aetna network still includes her doctors at Mount Sinai Medical Center .
For loyalists who embrace Fifth Third 's values , he added , rewards for referrals continue even after retirement .
Staples was the third brand last week to start seeking creative ideas from agencies , joining 7Up and Subaru .
But industry executives said that I.B.M .
The two chief executives met Friday afternoon in the New York offices of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , Honeywell 's lawyers , to discuss the details of the G.E .
A 95-foot yacht , a private estate in Hong Kong employing cooks , gardeners and chauffeurs , and cash payouts totaling tens of millions of dollars are among the benefits available to members of two companies whose shareholders have been part of the inner circle of American International Group , court papers show .
In the wake of the falling-out , as Intel racked up ever-higher revenues and profits and saw its share price continue its seemingly inexorable climb , Intergraph has labored under mounting losses .
Courtyard by Marriott II earned $ 1.4 million in the recent quarter , down from $ 4.5 million a year ago .
Pfizer , the drug maker , said yesterday that Exubera , an inhaled insulin powder that it was developing with Sanofi-Aventis and Nektar Therapeutics , worked as well as injectable insulin in a study of 226 patients .
''Boeing is not aware of having received any special consideration in the award of the C-130 contract , and believes the award was justified on the merit , '' he said in a statement .
''Even if the plaintiffs prevail on appeal , based on our financial condition today , the remedies are within I.B.M .
A Mattel executive was at the other end of an open telephone line , matching Ms. McEnroe bid for bid in $ 5,000 jumps .
But the heist , now shrouded in equal parts mystery and industry folklore , gave an early glimpse of the hard-nosed approach Mr. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , has long taken to the software business .
A group of investors stand to lose most of the $ 360 million they put into the venture , the Priceline WebHouse Club , which is privately held .
CISCO CHIEF SAYS OUTLOOK IS GRIM
Top executives at Cisco Systems Inc will not receive bonuses for 2001 fiscal year because company fell short of its financial goals ( S )
's Business Conduct Guidelines , to which I.B.M .
Moreover , Prime Star is also partly owned by Time Warner , and industry experts noted that Mr. Murdoch and Time Warner 's vice chairman , Ted Turner , had clashed over Time Warner 's refusal to carry a new Fox news channel on Time Warner 's cable systems in New York .
In a ruling that could deal a blow to the Ford Motor Company , a California judge largely agreed late yesterday with complaints that Ford knowingly installed defective ignition mechanisms in nearly two million vehicles produced from 1983 to 1995 .
On the eighth day of meetings with the federal government 's top mediator , Verizon indicated yesterday that the negotiations were in the final stages before a deal .
Analysts said Boeing , which failed to generate interest in an order for a previous aircraft , the Sonic Cruiser , vitally needs customers for the 7E7 to keep its edge .
Until Xerox 's warning on Oct. 8 , analysts had expected third-quarter earnings to be 58 cents a share .
He hired an industrial psychologist to teach Corning 's senior managers to again be team players .
The number of I.B.M .
Steven A Ballmer , chief executive of Microsoft Corp , becomes object of some ridicule in programming community after he is videotaped at internal corporate pep rally , bounding about to Gloria Estefan song and screaming about how much he loves Microsoft ; photo ( M )
Revenue at I.B.M .
While he would probably receive a similar amount if Caremark sold out to Express Scripts , Mr. Crawford might not be asked to join the combined company under the terms of such a deal .
The software war between Microsoft and Netscape escalates this week , as each company moves more aggressively onto the other 's technological turf .
During the first weekend the Xbox 360 was in stores , Microsoft sold 62,135 of about 159,000 machines shipped , or about 39 percent , according to a Japanese market research company , Enterbrain .
''We picked the PowerPC because of I.B.M .
''We remain fully committed to Harmony and to giving millions of consumers who own portable music devices , including the Apple iPod , choice and compatibility , '' RealNetworks said .
The deal does play to I.B.M .
In addition , the Boeing board recently altered the company 's executive compensation plan to put more emphasis on ethical behavior .
The company says that nearly half of the people buying Macintosh computers at Apple 's stores are converted Windows users .
An Amazon spokesman said that the company was considering using blank boxes when it shipped products purchased on other sites .
Merck said it was pleased that the jury had not connected Vioxx to Mr. Cona 's heart attack and said it would make a longer statement after the trial was finished .
stopped pushing Lotus SmartSuite , its rival to Microsoft Office .
Under pressure from the current Federal and state investigations , Microsoft has dropped restrictions it had placed on some Internet access suppliers and Web sites to promote Microsoft 's Explorer browser and not the Navigator browser of its main rival , the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Interpublic says it will have to delay more financial results , and perhaps its annual meeting as well .
Apple , financially troubled and struggling to find a turnaround strategy , has shown signs lately of regretting the decision two years ago to let various other companies clone its Macintosh computers .
What the judge will not hear is last-minute testimony from a witness whom the states hoped to present to support the cornerstone of their remedy proposal , which would require Microsoft to produce a ''modular '' version of Windows so that computer makers could replace programs like its Web browser with rival software .
''That by itself says that the growth opportunities we have in front of us are phenomenal , '' said Ricardo Saldívar , president of Home Depot Mexico .
American Express is one of the most geographically diverse United States companies and , while no single company is a proxy for financial developments overseas , many analysts and investors look to American Express for insights about global business prospects -- particularly as they pertain to the company 's core travel services and credit and charge card operations .
The one clear winner in the deal , analysts said , is Abbott Laboratories , which injected up to $ 6.2 billion into Boston Scientific 's offer through a variety of side deals , stock sales and below-market-rate loans to that company .
Could n't Southwest Airlines ' flight attendants see that he was unable to breathe and that somebody needed to step in there and say , get off this guy , let him breathe , he 's turning blue ? ''
Both United and Humana have grown through acquisitions , notably the 1995 purchase by United of Metra Health , itself a combination of units of Metropolitan Life and the Travelers Insurance Company .
Prof. Michael Cusumano at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , co-author of ''Microsoft Secrets , '' said there was already a lively market for makers of Windows development tools .
News Corp names Jim Gianopulos and Tom Rothman as co-chairman of company 's 20th Century Fox unit ; photo ( M )
''Clearly , actions beyond resolving our operational issues are required , including major cost reductions , asset dispositions and a review of the dividend level , '' Paul A. Allaire , Xerox 's chairman , and Anne M. Mulcahy , its president , said in a joint statement yesterday .
Mr. Jobs , who is Apple 's chief executive , has been participating in the negotiations and telling studio executives in Los Angeles that he wants to have a deal in place by the fall , people involved in the negotiations said .
Johnson & Johnson and Guidant Hold More Talks on Acquisition
While best known for his spectacular stained glass windows and lamps , which now bring hundreds of thousands of dollars at auction , Tiffany was also an accomplished landscape painter , highly successful decorator , brilliant marketer and a multifaceted designer of ceramics , jewelry , tableware , wallpaper , textiles , opalescent glass vessels , tiles and mosaics .
One possibility is that the union will agree to allow Ford to sell Visteon provided it follows the example of General Motors , which spun off its Delphi auto parts division to shareholders in May ; the unit is now Delphi Automotive Systems Inc .
Citigroup executives also said that the division did not offer cross-selling opportunities .
Accordingly , the Court concludes that , for reasons identical to those stated in Section II.B , supra , the evidence in this record does not warrant finding Microsoft liable for exclusive dealing under the laws of any of the plaintiff states .
Despite the litigation , Mr. Trevino said Allstate felt the transition , which left the company with 13,000 agents , some newly recruited , had gone smoothly .
''It 's a return to the old Procter and a more organized and thoughtful approach to new products . ''
Comcast 's acquisition of AT & T Broadband to form nation 's largest cable operator culminates fierce bidding war and months of negotiations on part of Brian Roberts , Comcast president ; photo ; charts ; table of chronology ( M )
Coalition of leading health insurers , including Oxford Health Plans , Cigna HealthCare , Aetna/US Healthcare and Prudential HealthCare , decided in recent weeks to pay for experimental treatments for cancer , but only for policyholders who participate in clinical trials sanctioned by Federal health agencies ; until now , virtually all insurance companies routinely refused to pay for care of patients in clinical research ; they argued that experimental drugs and procedures were not covered by their policies because they had not been deemed effective ; insurance industry has begun to signal willingness to finance medical research , change that would have seemed improbable just few years ago ; new programs are limited in scope , restricted to single state or adopted on test basis ; most prominent effort is expected to be announced by New Jersey Gov Christine Todd Whitman ; insurers , members of New Jersey Association of Health Plans , include most health insurance companies in state , paying or administering benefits for 60 percent of New Jersey residents , or 4.8 million people ( M )
The federal and state authorities responded that Microsoft had invited ''unnecessary delay '' by suggesting an initial hearing to outline the scope of the remedy before holding further fact-finding and hearings on those remedies .
To encourage participation in ProStores , eBay is offering a limited-time 30 percent discount on the monthly service fee , among other incentives , to current eBay sellers who sign up .
IBP Inc. , the nation 's biggest meatpacker , said yesterday that it would begin talks with Tyson Foods on its $ 2.8 billion cash-and-stock takeover offer .
Goldman Sachs ' merger of Archipelago , electronic stock market , and New York Stock Exchange cements Goldman 's longstanding role as premier Wall Street firm , and one with most sway over Big Board 's future ; Goldman has become forceful voice for modernization ; other Wall Street firms , including Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley , pressed exchange to allow more electronic trading , which would let firms cut number of traders on exchange floor and lower their costs ; but none of firms pushed as hard as Goldman did ; Big Board 's chief John Thain was president of Goldman and was centrally involved in firm 's drive to invest in electronic exchanges ; merger is fitting coda to Thain 's first major initiative as chief executive of exchange ; photo ( M )
Banana Republic , the retail chain owned by Gap Inc. , has named Goodby , Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco to handle strategic brand duties and creative duties for its print and outdoor advertising , which had been handled internally since 1997 .
By providing OEMs with the ability to remove the Internet Explorer icon , offer ''browser choice '' during the initial Windows boot sequence and configure non-Microsoft Web browsing software to be the ''default browser , '' Microsoft 's proposed remedy affords OEMs complete flexibility to distribute and promote any Web browsing software they choose , while at the same time protecting the integrity of Windows as a stable and consistent platform for software development .
Initially , Comcast infuriated many Internet subscribers , particularly in the New Jersey and Detroit areas , who said they could not get access to e-mail and the Web .
In short , Hasbro wanted to go Hollywood .
The verdict was the first time a New Jersey jury has awarded punitive damages against a drug company and automatically causes the case to be referred to the state attorney general for a possible criminal investigation of Merck 's conduct .
In a setback to Microsoft , the Justice Department said today that the nine states dissenting from its antitrust settlement with the company had the legal authority to pursue tougher penalties on their own .
The Gap is revamping its boys ' and young men 's clothes .
Motorola has chosen a highly regarded outsider from Silicon Valley , Edward J. Zander , over its popular second in command to succeed its retiring chairman and chief executive , Christopher B. Galvin .
TLP in Dallas , part of the Diversified Agency Services division of the Omnicom Group , was named to handle national promotions for two accounts , with combined billings estimated at more than $ 12 million .
Microsoft was ordered to give Justice Department lawyers preparing for a Sept. 8 trial in the Government 's antitrust suit a copy of the source code for the latest two versions of its operating system , Windows 95 and Windows 98 .
G Richard Wagoner Jr , who at age 47 became the youngest chief executive of General Motors last week , outlines his plans to bolster sales , including maintaining current business strategies , speech at company 's annual meeting ; says he expects new truck models and emphasis on Internet marketing to lift GM market share , which is currently 28 percent and has been falling slowly since the 1960 's , an erosion that no team of GM executives has been able to halt ; Wagoner photo ( M )
Yahoo is also working on a new product to match Google 's new Froogle service , which searches the Web for products for sale .
In a letter responding to Northrop , Mr. Odeen wrote : ''Our board has determined that there is no reason to explore Northrop Grumman 's proposal further . ''
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial had predicted that Intel would report sales of $ 8.3 billion and earnings of 13 cents a share .
He had been charged with conspiracy to plant fake E-mail messages on Morgan Stanley 's computers .
Seeking to grab a bigger share of consumers ' business by becoming a powerhouse in credit cards , the Bank of America Corporation announced plans yesterday to acquire the card giant MBNA for $ 35 billion in cash and stock .
The symbiotic relationship between Citigroup and WorldCom was well established in Mr. Spitzer 's earlier conflict-of-interest inquiry into Wall Street 's investment research and banking practices .
It would require Microsoft to turn trade secret over to ''all of our fiercest competitors '' as well as ''pirates and counterfeiters , '' he added .
Christian Morales , 47 , was named earlier this month as co-general manager of European operations for Intel .
Former Qwest Executive Will Head Consumer Unit at AT & T
Amazon issued a preliminary statement yesterday , but will release its full results for the fourth quarter on Jan. 30 .
The Chevron Corporation and the Phillips Petroleum Company have discussed forming a joint venture in the petrochemical business , people close to both companies said yesterday .
Rather , Verizon has hinted at its next potential bid .
Mr. Bryant noted that several of Intel 's core businesses -- including providing chips for laptops , wireless communications and servers -- remained on track to meet expectations .
Shares of eBay rose 40 cents , to $ 30.51 yesterday before the Skype announcement .
''Any bid on eBay is a leap of faith to some extent , and people are more likely to make that leap if they can see that you really have the item you say you have . ''
Goldman Sachs Group Inc reports surprisingly strong earnings in its first full year as public company , striking reversal from year ago when fallout from Russia 's economic problems forced firm to postpone plans for its initial public offering of stock ; Goldman earned $ 638 million in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug 27 ; net revenue was $ 3.41 billion , down from $ 3.47 billion in second quarter but up from $ 2.14 billion in third quarter of 1998 ; total revenue was $ 6.44 billion , up from $ 6.36 billion in previous quarter and $ 5.74 billion a year earlier ; chief financial officer David Viniar comments ( M )
Campbell 's executives maintained they were making progress , but analysts were skeptical .
It 's possible , of course , that newcomers to eBay may not see the distinction between 1-cent ''Buy It Now '' sellers and 1-cent auctioneers .
Quarterly revenue of A.T. & T. , the world 's largest telecommunications company , which has been struggling in an increasingly competitive industry , totaled $ 17.5 billion , up 6.3 percent from a year earlier and about equal to the gross domestic product of Morocco .
Apple Computer reported earnings today that handily beat analysts ' estimates for its second fiscal quarter .
Electronic Arts , whose game franchises include Madden NFL and The Sims , has been trying to move into the mobile business .
Mohammed al-Jibouri , head of Iraq 's oil agency , says his agency has been trucking in gasoline and other fuel to Iraq for considerably less money than Halliburton , which has so far received more than $ 700 million from Army Corps of Engineers to stave off shortages there ; Congressional Research Service report earlier this month warned that Corps of Engineers might be paying too much to import fuel ; disclosures support assertions by Democrats Reps Henry A Waxman and John D Dingell that Halliburton may be overcharging American taxpayers and Iraqis ; lawmakers send letter to Lt Gen Robert B Flowers , head of Corps of Engineers , asking him to look into price disparity between Iraqi agency 's imports and Halliburton 's ; letter also notes new information released by corps that most of money to buy fuel has come from fund established by United Nations meant to provide humanitarian aid to Iraq ; fund is under American control ; photo ( M )
Amgen forms alliance with Cytokinetics
Since then , Warner-Lambert and Pfizer have made much of their correspondence public , in part to stir investor sentiment .
''We do not want to talk about predictions of price drops , '' said Lee Simonson , the director of Best Buy 's television division .
''For us , Microsoft is viewed as the archetypical high-tech success story , '' said John Cornish , director of product marketing for ARM Holdings , a designer of microchips for hand-held devices based in Cambridge that itself has become a hometown success story .
Humana is one of the biggest operators of Medicare H.M.O .
Comcast 's Second-Generation No .
A key to Comcast 's growth has been a deal that Brian Roberts made with Bill Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , for Microsoft to invest $ 1 billion in Comcast in 1997 .
Now , Morgan Stanley has an option to buy as many as 90 million Agere shares if the offering is oversubscribed .
The company is likely to spend the next several weeks evaluating the proposal and may very well tell Comcast how it would have to alter the offer to make it acceptable .
A.T. & T. , for its part , says it got a fine licensing deal , including what it characterizes as an unusual provision that broadly exempts its customers from having to pay royalties on A.T. & T. services and equipment that employ technology covered by Spectrum 's patents .
Apple Says It Will Delay OSX Release For 4 Months
The Olympics coverage kicks off AT & T 's three-month interactive advertising campaign for its new unlimited service long-distance plan .
Mr. Miller , an American who has been groomed for the top spot at Mazda , is a former marketing executive at the Ford Motor Company , which owns 33.4 percent of Mazda .
Xerox and others are racing to develop them for less demanding applications like electronic displays and radio identification tags .
In return for granting WebHouse access to its name and systems , Priceline had the option of acquiring a majority of the company in the future .
While Boeing was more reticent , both companies are optimistic enough about the general prospects for the airline industry to be making plans to ramp up production over the next few years .
McAfee fell in December when Microsoft said it had acquired a security software company , the same day that Symantec and Veritas announced their merger plans .
I.B.M. , which now controls 40 percent of that market , recently began shipping a drive that is 9.5 millimeters thick , compared with the current standard of 12.5 millimeters .
In recent years , Biogen was among a handful of consistently profitable biotech companies , largely because of royalties from drugs and diagnostic products marketed by others .
With our fingers poised over the planchette , she would ask , ''Should I buy I.B.M .
But Comcast 's initial bid may not be enough to draw Disney to the bargaining table , investors and analysts said .
Goldman Sachs Group hires Alison J Mass , high-ranking employee in investment banking operation at Merrill Lynch , for new senior executive position to manage company 's relationship with corporate and institutional clients worldwide ( S )
I.B.M .
Described by a resident Microsoft philosopher as ''classic MS reductivism '' and ''clearly an economical way of thinking since it eliminates all need to consider the vast gray area that occupies the psychic space of most issues and problems . ''
New federal rules allowing customers to keep their cellphone numbers when they move from one wireless carrier to another are going into effect , and they are expected to intensify industry 's brutal marketing wars , aggressive price competition and heated technological one-upmanship ; will probably hasten what is seen as inevitable consolidation of industry by making it easier to change providers ; chart gives subscription data and chief selling points of six largest companies -- Verizon , Cingular , AT & T Wireless , Sprint , Nextel and T-Mobile -- along with analysts ' views on their chances for survival ; photo ( M )
Executives at Apple and Napster said over the weekend that they would love to help Coke do that , but they are still held back by arranging downloading rights across Europe .
Much of the gain in revenue reported from sales to businesses is a result of a new pricing strategy invovling Microsoft 's asking its largest customers to pay for upgrades in regular installments rather than as they become available .
Boeing , the nation 's largest civil aircraft exporter , expressed relief about the new arrangement .
Shares of Corning closed at $ 25.20 , up $ 2.02 .
Kohl 's Taps Reality TV In Latest Commercial
In the memo to Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , the chairman , and the rest of I.B.M .
Pfizer may also allow companies it buys to operate as separate organizations , rather than being absorbed into Pfizer , which has 106,000 employees .
After the stock market closed , Intel reported a profit of 88 cents a share , compared with a forecast of 91 cents by analysts surveyed by First Call .
Nike 3rd-Quarter Profit To Fall Short of Forecast
Strike now crippling General Motors , while partly about short-term job security and workplace safety disputes , reflects larger struggle over GM effort to adopt at home manufacturing techniques it introduces at plants in Brazil and elsewhere abroad ; GM 's use of pre-assembled parts , trend sweeping auto industry , has allowed it to cut number of workers needed for each vehicle produced ; Brazilian unions have accepted cut because GM has been hiring as it builds more plants in nation 's expanding market ; effort to cut employment more quickly at remaining factories in United States , where GM loses market share , alarms United Auto Workers members ( M )
A POPULAR television commercial by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , for the line of basketball shoes sold by Nike Inc. is being turned into a spot that resembles a music video in a step that is likely to further blur the already wavy -- and wavering -- line between sponsored and nonsponsored content .
Richard L. Schmalensee , dean of the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , had finished a two-week stint as leadoff witness for the Microsoft Corporation .
Ruth La Ferla Front Row column ; Gap features Madonna prominently in new ad campaign ; some say it is risky because her star has fallen ; two novels about fashion industry , The Devil Wears Prada and Lucia , Lucia by Adriana Trigiani , appear on best seller list ; photo ( M )
BellSouth , moving to offer digital television service throughout the Southeast , intends to announce it has signed long-term contract to purchase satellite services from General Electric Corp ; BellSouth and GE decline comment ( M )
But Marriott 's chief financial officer , Arne M. Sorenson , said yesterday that such concerns were exaggerated .
But the contract itself has not yet been signed , and the ouster last week of two Boeing executives over their conduct has intensified calls in Congress for the contract to be reopened .
Immune Response is close to raising more money , these executives said , but Pfizer 's no-confidence vote could make potential investors balk .
But Nike is not abandoning its higher-profile businesses .
Relying on a preview posted online , Wal-Mart investigated the events described in the film and produced a short video contending the film has factual errors .
Moody 's Investors Service , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch 's all lower their ratings of Enron bonds to 'junk ' status , but not before Dynegy cancels its acquisition of Enron ( M )
The other was for a series of spots , carrying the theme `` You will , '' describing coming A.T. & T. technologies like voice-activated door locks .
In 1998 , a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's decision ordering Microsoft to take its Internet Explorer Web browser out of its Windows 95 operating system .
Describing the rules at issue , the News Corporation used the word ''outdated , '' NBC chose ''antiquated , '' while AOL Time Warner and Viacom opted for ''anachronism . ''
Article on adverse reaction among some patients to genetically engineered protein drugs ; focuses on outbreak of serious immune response illnesses linked to anemia drug Eprex , made by Johnson & Johnson and sold only outside US ; photo ( M )
Over all , licensing for software was down 30 percent compared with a year earlier ; in Oracle 's second quarter ended Nov. 30 , licensing had been down 27 percent from a year earlier .
Ford Motor Credit is not the first lender to be accused of indirect bias when lending money to minorities .
In descending order , they were : Amazon.com , Netscape.com , AOL.com and eBay.com .
The government proposal would place Microsoft 's development tools business within the new applications company .
With its wholly owned insurer , known as a captive , Wells Fargo will benefit from improved cash flow , new investment income and tax breaks totaling at least hundreds of millions of dollars over the next 30 to 40 years , according to Karin Landry , an insurance consultant at the Spring Consulting Group in Boston .
A United States official denied that the American government was coming to Microsoft 's aid in the antitrust dispute .
Because Intel so dominates the market for microprocessors used in personal computers , it is taken as a bellwether for the entire industry .
While Mr. Immelt is inheriting an extraordinarily well-managed company in General Electric , he faces extraordinary expectations from analysts and investors .
Despite its current setup , many analysts believe that Airbus is a more efficient manufacturer than Boeing .
Citigroup to Pay $ 208 Million in Funds Case
Mr. Walker said he was reluctant to sell his shares at this low price and that he had held off completing the deal with Vulcan and Liberty in hopes that the market would be buoyed by Priceline 's second-quarter earnings , which were released last week .
In a joint filing yesterday , lawyers for Merck and the widow of a man who died after reportedly taking the Merck drug Vioxx asked a state judge in Alabama to postpone the lawsuit , which was scheduled to be the first Vioxx case to go to trial .
An editorial accompanying the study criticized both Merck and the Food and Drug Administration , and described Vioxx 's approval and its popularity as ''public health catastrophes '' that led to over 27,000 heart attacks and sudden deaths .
Ocean Spray 's Wal-Mart business has grown by 76 percent in two years .
Adobe Systems begins review of its US advertising account , with billings estimated at $ 20 million ; account has been handled by San Francisco office of Young & Rubicam since 1997 ( S )
As he tells it , the two sides talked , but did not go further because he was not persuaded there was a large enough market for Cisco to exploit .
Intel promises a more mainstream version in the near future .
After Yahoo 's results were released yesterday afternoon , the company 's shares fell to $ 27.80 in late trading , down 14 percent from the regular market close .
Home Depot 's was only the last in a long line of similar warnings in recent weeks from former stock market stars like Lucent Technologies , Intel and Dell Computer .
Home Depot announced last month that it has expanded distribution of solar products from three stores to 61 .
While by all accounts the strategies being discussed involve only civil actions , the attorneys general are remaining tight-lipped about which states are involved and which of Microsoft 's business practices they want to remedy .
Asked if the audits could delay delivery schedules , which have been a problem recently for Boeing , Ms. Erickson said : ''When we do an evaluation like this , the F.A.A .
Personal computer makers are unhappy with conditions set by Microsoft Corp for placement of software and services of rival software companies on desktops screen of new Microsoft Windows XP operating system ; conditions , which require three Microsoft icons on desktop for each non-Microsoft icon , limit PC makers ' ability to sell valuable icon space to other software companies ; similarly , Microsoft 's abrupt announcement in July that it will not ship Windows XP with software necessary to run programs written in Java means that PC makers must quickly decide whether to install Java software themselves or drop it even though many consumers find it useful ( M )
American Express carries writing on its red-color card , now available only in Britain , that says : ''This card is designed to help eliminate AIDS in Africa . ''
Intel said on Tuesday that it strongly disagreed with A.M.D .
The concern , these people said , is that research and development work at I.B.M .
Facing criticism from some Republicans , the state attorney general , Bill Lockyer , left , a Democrat , said he would return $ 50,000 in political contributions from the Oracle Corporation to avoid the appearance of a conflict in his office 's investigation of a state contract awarded to the software company .
After a hastily convened board meeting yesterday afternoon , Motorola appointed Mike Zafirovski as president and chief operating officer .
Mr. Moloshok said he was not counting on Yahoo exceeding Real 's 900,000 subscriber count in the first year .
Babies are developing more sophisticated palettes and their parents are interested in feeding them healthy , organic and tasty foods ; small businesses are springing up to fulfill trend and some Whole Foods stores even have freezers dedicated to baby foods ; foods may cost twice as much as traditional jarred food , but customers are flocking to new offerings ; photos ( M )
Intel , the world 's biggest chip maker , is breaking away from its longstanding love affair with pure computing power to remake itself as a consumer-friendly brand that will seek to dominate the digital home .
While the evidence does not prove that they would have succeeded absent Microsoft 's actions , it does reveal that Microsoft placed an oppressive thumb on the scale of competitive fortune , thereby effectively guaranteeing its continued dominance in the relevant market .
In announcing the show in January , Amazon said that Mr. Maher had been asked to steer clear of politics .
The Xerox software works in a four-step process .
Millsport , of Stamford , Conn. , and the Marketing Arm , of Dallas , two sports marketing agencies owned by the Omnicom Group , merged under the Marketing Arm name .
Passport allows a computer user to enter personal information once , storing it on Microsoft 's servers with a user name and password , and then employ the same user name to sign on to numerous participating Web sites and even to shop .
Yahoo is restructuring its operations and shuffling its management ranks amid growing criticism in and outside company that it has become too bureaucratic to compete effectively against rivals ; moves include departure of chief operating officer Daniel L Rosensweig and resignation of Lloyd Braun , who has run media group ; Yahoo will reorganize itself into three operating units , including one focused on its audience and one on its advertisers and publishers ; third unit , focused on technology , will develop products serving entire organization ; chairman-chief executive Terry S Semel comments ; reorganization appears to signal ascendancy of chief financial official officer Susan L Decker , who is seen as possible candidate to succeed Semel ; chief financial officer Farzad Nazem will head new technology group , and Yahoo says it will run external search for executive to lead its audience group , as well as for new chief financial officer ; senior vice president Jeff Weiner will assume added responsibilities , including social media , communications and Yahoo 's media group ; photos ( M )
The Molson name has been synonymous with beer for more than two centuries .
Motorola 's slimmed-down semiconductor unit was marginally profitable with earnings of $ 18 million , in contrast to an operating loss of $ 798 million a year ago .
Such a ruse would allow MCI to pay lower charges to the regional Bell companies like Verizon , SBC and BellSouth that complete the delivery of the calls to a home or business .
Last May , sensing real opportunity , Southwest Airlines barged into Philadelphia with low fares .
Technology stocks -- helped in large measure by heartening words from the top executive at Cisco Systems -- led the market , with the Nasdaq composite index gaining nearly 6 percent .
On Monday , Caremark rejected the $ 26 billion bid made on Dec. 18 by Express Scripts , saying that it would ''result in a highly leveraged and weakened business '' if it was approved by shareholders .
The News Corporation began using better encryption technology , which it says has greatly reduced such piracy .
Loudcloud Inc is expected to offer shares to public in what seems like throwback to dot-com glory days ; chairman , Marc Andreessen , who co-founded Netscape Communications , aims to build and automate corporate Internet systems , posing threat to consultants who maintain these systems , like IBM and Electronic Data Systems , as well as hosting companies , like Exodus Communications ; has attracted a few big names like Ford Motor and Nike Inc , but its technology is still in gestational phase ; company has signed contracts for $ 120 million over next two years ; graphs ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The strategy backfired when those companies began stealing Apple 's profits and Microsoft successfully imitated the Macintosh user interface with Windows version 3.1 .
As part of their campaign , Mr. Disney and Mr. Gold have waged a grass-roots campaign to have shareholders withhold their votes for Mr. Eisner and three other directors at the company 's annual meeting in March , which is being held in Philadelphia , where Comcast is based .
Mr. Strudler had been chairman and chief executive of the U.S. Home Corporation , which was acquired by Lennar in 2000 .
I.B.M .
Harley-Davidson will be honored in the classic category , for brands with strong leadership positions for more than 25 years .
General Motors could opt to build the Vectra at the Saab plant in Trollhattan , Sweden , rather than in Rüsselsheim .
was the last computer manufacturer in the world to get Windows 95 , putting the company months behind its competitors and costing I.B.M .
Analysts said the encouraging report from Microsoft , the world 's leading software maker , is likely to lift investors ' confidence in the shares of high-technology companies , which have recently fallen sharply .
Motorola hopes to raise nearly $ 2.73 billion with initial public offering of over 30 percent of Freescale Semiconductor , its chip subsidiary ; plans to distribute rest of Freescale stock to its shareholders as special dividend ; Freescale , as part of changes , will make $ 1.5 billion cash payment to Motorola and sell $ 1.25 billion in notes to raise cash at time of spinoff ; photo ( M )
Procter & Gamble is beginning its first US campaign that uses text messaging on many cellphones as medium ; campaign , created by Arc Marketing , will encourage consumers to take part in sweepstakes for Clairol Herbal Essence hair products by sending text messages and receiving clues ( S )
There is also a Merck Veterinary Manual ; a Merck Index of chemicals , drugs and biologicals ; and The Merck Manual of Geriatrics .
Cisco also announced a 2-for-1 stock split that will take effect on June 21 .
Its best feature may be the presence of FedEx , because , Sir Christopher said , ''it helps us get our medical device products out quickly to our customers around the world . ''
Intel officials said their grants were not linked to expectations that schools would eschew other systems .
At one Manhattan Starbucks last Friday , workers were so busy heating sandwiches that the store actually ran out of drip coffee .
Last August , Mr. Curry was arrested by undercover police officers who said they had caught him conspiring to plant racist E-mail on Morgan Stanley 's computer system , apparently to bolster his discrimination lawsuit .
Microsoft wants to move its Windows operating system into both environments and into others .
Texas Instruments lowers revenue projections for second time in five weeks ; lowers its capital spending plans to $ 2 billion , 30 percent reduction from last year ; graph ( S )
But in 2000 , Merck submitted a safety study to the F.D.A .
The operation , which is not a strategic fit for Time Warner , had 1998 sales of $ 122 million .
In after-hours trading , though , Sun traded as high as $ 28.75 , while Apple shares were unchanged .
In the costliest acquisition of an Internet company to date , VeriSign Inc. , a producer of online security software , agreed today to acquire Network Solutions Inc. , the Virginia-based company that maintains the master list of Internet addresses .
Fiat , Renault and BMW are all in some stage of production with local partners , while Ford Motor is building a factory of its own , scheduled to begin production this year .
Christopher Loder , a spokesman for Merck , said that the company believed that the lawsuit lacked merit .
''If Oracle continues to spread distortions , I will have to consider all appropriate actions , including bringing a claim for defamation , '' Mr. Duffield said in the letter to Mr. Ellison dated Thursday .
Some of Microsoft 's large corporate customers balk at Microsoft 's new software licensing program that would require them to buy maintenance contracts that will essentially determine what upgrades they buy ; Microsoft holds program is aimed at simplifying upgrade process ; says only 20 percent of customers face higher costs ; consortium of British companies has filed complaint with British government holding program will cost businesses added $ 1.3 billion ( M )
Staples Inc selects Martin/Williams Advertising to handle its broadcast creative ad account ; billings estimated at $ 50 million to $ 70 million ; assigned had been handled for eight years by Cliff Freeman & Partners ( S )
Like Merrill Lynch , however , Morgan Stanley has found that on-line stock trading is more fundamental than that , forcing it to overhaul its operations sooner and more completely than its executives had envisioned only a year ago .
''They are just knocking the cover off the ball , '' said Joan Solotar , who follows Morgan Stanley at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
Mattel yesterday became the first customer for a new low-cost three-dimensional computer memory chip manufactured by Matrix Semiconductor .
''Over the past several days in Belgium , we allowed two breakdowns to occur in fulfilling the promise of Coca-Cola . ''
But although I.B.M .
Coca-Cola is expected to announce second-quarter volume estimates , an important earnings indicator , early next week .
Microsoft has tried to settle its antitrust class actions , including agreeing to pay a $ 1.1 billion settlement in California earlier this year .
''We 're not running away from cardiology , '' Dr. Mitch Gandelman , a Pfizer vice president , said in an interview on Friday , adding that a couple of studies on a very small scale by university scientists suggested that Celebrex could be good for cardiovascular health .
When I was younger , I would never have dreamed that I would end up at General Motors in a job like this .
The bulk of the report , however , examines the challenges facing Wal-Mart as it tries to transform itself from a chain focused on basic household items sold at low prices into one known for style .
Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter & Company .
So , while Morgan Stanley is no longer the pure banking house it once was , its struggling retail businesses and its inability to lend in quantity cause it to come up short when compared with the large commercial banks like Citigroup and J.P. Morgan that Mr. Purcell always judged himself against .
When the deals close , traffic across all of News Corporation 's Internet properties -- which include the Web sites of dozens of newspapers and scores of TV stations it owns -- will have increased to nearly 70 million unique monthly users from fewer than 25 million .
His first project at Microsoft was to connect a computer to an I.B.M .
In an audacious gambit to expand its marketplace , Amazon has not only become a broker of used books but has also found a way to prime the pump : encouraging people who bought books on Amazon to resell them .
Microsoft 's juggernaut product , the Windows operating system , did not really take off until 1991 , six years after its introduction , when the company delivered Visual Basic , a tool that made it far easier for developers to write Windows programs .
The logic of the Comcast bid is that there are lucrative advantages to melding the Walt Disney Company 's media content -- movies , television , music , news and entertainment -- with the distribution network of the nation 's largest cable television operator .
Following are key dates in the antitrust investigation of Microsoft :
''Instead of just complaining about Microsoft 's control of the screen , this company has figured out a way around the problem , '' said Rob Enderle , an analyst for Giga Information Group , a research firm .
There would be some advantages to building in this country , near Intel 's other factories , Mr. Otellini said .
The Ford Motor Company has reached a preliminary agreement to settle lawsuits in five states by paying to replace defective ignition systems in millions of cars that , many owners said , could stall , often on highways , across railroad tracks and in other dangerous situations .
EMI had been negotiating with Time Warner for nine weeks and was optimistic about its prospects as late as the middle of last week .
And traditionally , they are considered to be friendlier to the agencies , although both Intel and the F.T.C .
Amgen would pay about $ 30 a share for Immunex .
Comcast currently sells phone service over traditional lines , but that business is very limited .
John Mahoney , the chief financial officer of Staples , said that although the deal valued Staples.com at $ 900 million , Staples had to pay the insiders and venture capitalists only $ 50 million for the shares it did not own .
Blue '' in the title , eBay users were more likely to come across the item .
Measurex and Honeywell together sold about $ 600 million of equipment and services to paper companies last year -- a hefty chunk of the estimated $ 2.2 billion world market for pulp and paper controls , but a fraction of Honeywell 's $ 7.3 billion sales last year .
As Judge Jackson continued his questioning , Dr. Tevanian testified that Apple could remove the browser from Mac OS without harming the operating system .
AT last count , Chris-Rachael Oseland , a writer in Louisville , Ky. , had almost 200 books , CD 's , DVD 's and gadgets on her wish list at Amazon.com .
Although that period might be extended for reasons like a legal dispute , a billing dispute or a clerical mistake , she said , eventually those names are made available for purchase through VeriSign and other registrars .
Loudcloud has attracted a few big name customers like Ford and Nike , but its technology is still in a gestational phase .
But with Microsoft controlling both Windows for PC 's and Windows NT for servers , there was little Mr. Noorda could do to outgun it .
Also yesterday , the company that operates .biz , NeuLevel Inc. , said it had filed a declaratory judgment against Amazon.com in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia .
Public Citizen study and documents from recent lawsuit against Ford Motor Co raises new questions about safety of roofs on Ford Explorers ; Public Citizen 's study accuses Ford of ignoring evidence that stronger roofs would lead to fewer injuries ( M )
Since the 1999 merger , Exxon Mobil has paid $ 33 billion in dividends to its shareholders and spent $ 24 billion buying back 8 percent of its shares .
Analysts said yesterday 's news , coupled with concerns about Merck 's ability to find successor drugs to its aging top sellers , could even force it into a merger .
''The market is so hot now that if you have the training and job experience , you can walk down the street to the next start-up or to Microsoft and get a job , '' said Debra Joyce , the 29-year-old manager of information systems at Aventail .
But as big-box superstores like Costco and Sam 's Club and destination grocery stores like Stew Leonard 's and Whole Foods Market began surrounding the city over the last couple of years , some New Yorkers began hopping into cars , sniffing them out and filling their SubZero freezers with their spoils .
Advanced Micro received a setback last week in its efforts to persuade the European regulators of unfair practices by Intel .
Indeed , AT & T 's action appears to be the harbinger of a different wave of cutbacks that will be coursing though middle-management ranks as companies go beyond the sheer work-force reductions aimed at improving the bottom line .
Japanese companies produce many crucial parts for the world 's aircraft assemblers , including Boeing and Airbus .
For example , they warn that the arrangement could promote the use of personal computers that run Microsoft 's Windows operating system over those that run Apple 's Macintosh system or could encourage use of Microsoft 's Internet browser , Explorer , over the Netscape Communications Corporation 's browser , Navigator .
''The introduction of broadband to the wireless consumer is no less important than the arrival of broadband in the wired Internet world ; we will have hundreds of video updates available every single day , '' John Stratton , Verizon Wireless 's chief marketing officer , said .
Flaw Said to Be Found in Microsoft 's Browser
Microsoft says its donation will help Mexico foster its national software industry by training Mexican engineers .
William M. Siu , vice president and general manager for Intel 's desktop platforms group , said the company hoped to sell 70 million Prescott chips this year , calling it the fastest production start in Intel history .
So by handing off much of its disk-drive business to Hitachi , I.B.M .
But if admitting the error of one 's ways makes one less likely to repeat the error , there was little evidence that Mr. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman and co-founder , was prepared to take responsibility for his company 's misdeeds .
In the last year , I.B.M .
New Web sites offer users television-style news reports in digestible bits that can be pieced together into personalized newscasts ; are based on assumptions that consumers want information and entertainment on demand and that high-speed Internet connections , offered by broadband services , can finally give it to them ; Yahoo , Zatso.com and Jagfn.com offer services , but the most ambitious is FeedRoom , which Jonathan Klein is setting up with $ 35 million in venture capital ; photo ( M )
When Mr. Grasso was ousted by the exchange board in a coup widely believed to have been driven by Henry M. Paulson Jr. , the chief executive of Goldman Sachs , Mr. Langone remained a stalwart defender of Mr. Grasso 's performance , his pay and the board 's awareness of the magnitude of Mr. Grasso 's pay .
Last year , Boeing 's military unit had revenue of $ 12.5 billion , while its space and communications unit had revenue of $ 10.4 billion .
News Corp. Role In Bidding Seen
But many of those patients wrote letters imploring Amgen to let them have the drug , insisting that it had greatly improved their condition .
Boeing says its success in orders can be attributed to having a better plane .
Apple Computer gives brief demonstration of iChat , instant messaging program that is intended to be compatible with America Online 's AOL Instant Messenger Service ( S )
In addition , President Clinton sent a letter on AT & T 's behalf to King Fahd .
Interpublic has had 16 agencies working for Bank of America , overseen by a six-person executive consortium called Flag .
General Motors is reviving old car-building method , in which bodies are bolted onto solid frames , to make niche models at reasonable prices ; move could revive frequent restylings of 1950 's and 60 's ; photos ( M )
The Hughes Electronics Corporation , the satellite television unit of General Motors that owns DirecTV , has moved closer to reaching a deal with the News Corporation that would create a global satellite network worth as much as $ 70 billion , according to executives close to the negotiations .
This afternoon , David Boies , the Government 's lead trial lawyer , introduced a document from Microsoft files prepared last May .
Just as obviously , though , the outcome of the Microsoft antitrust case will be determined in the Federal courts or in a negotiated settlement -- but not in the court of public opinion .
''It takes time to educate customers about new offerings , '' Jeffrey P. Bezos , Amazon 's chief executive , said on the conference call .
To fit their designs into Target 's lower-end price point , Blu Dot used melamine panels instead of wood , said Charlie Lazor , a Blu Dot designer and partner , and light boxes to make the insides glow , ''because light is free . ''
Charge 2 Go offers connectors for phones by Motorola , Nokia , Samsung , Siemens and Sony-Ericsson .
''We are thrilled to have reported the second-highest quarterly sales and earnings in Apple 's history , '' said Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's chief financial officer .
MyPlant is not Honeywell 's only Web foray .
Biogen 's drug is produced in mammalian cells , while Berlex 's drug is made in bacteria .
The mirrors are leftover projection-television chips from Intel 's planned effort to enter the digital television market -- an effort the company recently abandoned only 10 months after a splashy introduction at the Consumer Electronics Show last January .
Indeed , Junglee 's site on Yahoo shows that Amazon.com does not offer the lowest prices for many books .
Ms. Thiebes testified that several Wal-Mart employees had formed what she called ''the Over-40 Club , '' in which members worked more than 40 hours a week and then asked managers to subtract hours from their time cards so the cards showed that the employees worked only 40 hours .
Yesterday , Intel introduced a major new version of Itanium , its chip for high-end computers that , since its release five years ago , has been largely a disappointment .
Procter & Gamble says its annual sales of Pampers , introduced in China in 1998 , are growing by better than 50 percent .
But Michael J. Wilson , a lawyer for the agents , asserted that Allstate had devised a termination plan that it expected would mostly push out older agents .
Dr. Roger Perlmutter , executive vice president for research and development at Amgen , said his company had become intrigued with Cytokinetics ' approach .
By contrast , Carnival and P & O together would have twice Royal Caribbean 's share .
Microsoft executives said there had been no Microsoft plan to play dirty tricks in its dispute with America Online .
And the savings would disappear if the government insisted that none of Chevron 's output was coming from the two leases , but from the four not eligible for the break .
Kellogg Co says it will phase out advertising its products to children under age 12 unless foods meet specific nutrition guidelines for calories , sugar , fat and sodium ; also announces it will stop using licensed characters or branded toys to promote foods unless products meet nutrition guidelines ; voluntary changes will be put in place over next year and half ; Kellogg president-chief executive David Mackay says products that do not meet guidelines will either be reformulated so they do , or no longer be advertised to children ; policy changes come 16 months after Kellogg and Viacom , parent of Nickelodeon , were threatened with lawsuit over their advertising to children by Center for Science in the Public Interest and Campaign for Commercial-Free Childhood , and two Massachusetts parents ; Susan Linn , co-founder of Campaign for Commercial-Free Childhood , says Kellogg 's decision to stop using licensed characters on sugary food is particularly significant ; Michael F Jacobson of Center for Science in the Public Interest praises decision ; Kellogg says it will introduce Nutrition at Glance labels on top right corner of cereal boxes this year ; photos ( L )
News Corp. Agrees to Buy Two Publishers From Hearst
Goldman Sachs -- unlike Merrill Lynch ; Morgan Stanley ; and Salomon Smith Barney , a Citigroup unit -- lacks a retail network of brokers who can provide a stream of commissions to pay for its research .
Microsoft hopes to earn additional revenue through an increase in microtransactions , as players purchase game elements such as weapons and tattoos for a few cents each .
Mr. Kempf , who also presided over a humiliating $ 54 million sex discrimination settlement last year , has in many ways come to symbolize the grievances of Mr. Purcell 's harshest critics , who accuse him of surrounding himself with a group of loyal executives and board members and losing touch with Morgan Stanley 's core trading and banking business .
Frontier 's board met last night to consider Global Crossing 's latest offer , the executives said .
Mr. Gibson decided to stake his own claim to history by creating a Web page ( http : //grc.com/cleartype.htm ) to document what he calls the original pioneering work in sub-pixel technology by Steven Wozniak , the designer of the Apple II computer .
If Windstream suffers the same fate , Verizon could find it harder to get a good price for any local phone lines it tries to sell .
Johnson & Johnson 's Cordis unit and Guidant are competitors in the stent business .
is betting that it will benefit from an inevitable consolidation in the semiconductor industry , as fewer companies can afford the costs and can meet the technological challenges of building and running advanced chip plants like I.B.M .
Microsoft is introducing its homegrown search technology to users of its MSN service and Internet Explorer browser ; Microsoft has offered Web search services for years , but it used underlying technology provided by Yahoo ( M )
After reviewing a string of acquisitions and sales by Aetna since 1996 , the S.E.C .
Google 's move coincides with a recent effort by Amazon.com to court Internet users looking for information by enabling them to search for words or phrases in its own database of the contents of thousands of books .
Merck shares plummeted 27 percent , or $ 12.07 , to $ 33 , stripping the company of more than $ 25 billion in market capitalization .
Both companies control the large portfolios of popular programming -- like Viacom 's MTV , VH1 and its local CBS stations and Time Warner 's CNN , TBS and TNT -- that Comcast 's cable systems need .
The practical questions of how much the carriers are willing to pay to install the equipment on their jets and how much of the revenue they are willing to share with Boeing have proved more complicated than expected .
In the first Vioxx lawsuit to reach a jury , Merck was ordered in August to pay $ 253 million to the widow of a Texas man who died after taking Vioxx for almost eight months .
Attorney General Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , one of 13 states preparing to sue Microsoft , said he and the other Attorneys General ''have an obligation to see through the rhetoric '' and ''the well-orchestrated lobbying and public relations campaign . ''
The Microsoft Corporation in Redmond , Wash. , is undertaking a closed review for the part of its account that advertises the Windows operating system in the United States , after withdrawing that assignment from Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore .
Royal Caribbean will pay $ 515 million in cash and stock and will assume $ 800 million of debt .
Paris court rejects lawsuit by French human rights advocates and Holocaust survivors who sued Yahoo for one symbolic euro ; accused Yahoo of having condoned war crimes when it sold Nazi paraphernalia on its auction pages ; French law forbids display or sale of racist material , but items were available to French users who clicked on to American pages ; court says Yahoo did not seek to 'justify war crimes and crimes against humanity ' when it sold items on its Web site ( S )
Technology Briefing | Software : Intel Ships New Pentium 4 Chip
Andrew Gavil , a professor at Howard University who has followed the antitrust case closely , said that Judge Motz might have issued the injunction in part because he was persuaded by one of Microsoft 's major arguments before both himself and Judge Kollar-Kotelly : that it is impossible to measure whether nascent technologies like Java and Netscape would have evolved into a serious competitor to Windows .
Calpers has responsibility for a total of $ 164 billion in assets and controls 26.7 million shares of Citigroup , a substantial stake that nevertheless pales in comparison with the holdings of institutions like the State Street Corporation , Barclays Bank and Fidelity Investments , which each control more than 200 million Citigroup shares .
: www.ibm.com/products/us -- Click on ''Refurbished . ''
A federal judge yesterday ordered Willie E. Gary , a Florida lawyer who is representing four black former Coca-Cola employees in a racial-discrimination lawsuit against the company , not to interfere with the settlement reached last month between Coke and four other employees with similar claims .
News of the losses , and concern about other lurking credit problems , caused the shares of First Union and Bank of America to fall over the last two days .
ImClone and a partner , the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , will begin shipping Erbitux today , after winning regulatory approval on Feb. 12 .
ENRON 'S MANY STRANDS : MARKET PLACE Correction : February 1 , 2002 , Friday An article in Business Day on Tuesday about corporate bonds with interest rates that are linked to the companies ' credit ratings misstated the change in the interest rate on such bonds from AT & T .
The Boeing Company announced yesterday that it would stop producing the MD-11 wide-body jet late next year and lay off some workers because of slumping demand for the aircraft .
Such investors , Ms. Kozloff added , are drawn to companies like Coach , Nordstrom and other specialty and department stores .
''We 're really focused on Comcast on making it a showcase . ''
Although P & O Princess predicted that a deal with Carnival would be blocked on antitrust grounds , Carnival is more optimistic but still cautious .
And this season , Wal-Mart has made several , alienating shoppers with designer-inspired clothing and disruptive store remodeling .
In fact , he said , the international unit has grown more in its 13-year history than the Wal-Mart chain , which began in 1962 , grew in its first 13 years .
Despite the slump , Morgan Stanley earned a 15 percent return on its shareholders ' equity in the quarter , one of the higher rates on Wall Street .
Given the Justice Department 's antitrust investigation , and all the resulting public attention , the Microsoft staff refers jokingly to the Washington office as ''ground zero . ''
G. Richard Thoman , chief financial officer of the International Business Machines Corporation , told analysts at a briefing in Manhattan yesterday that it was the second strongest quarter of revenue growth since I.B.M .
Verizon 's board is expected to begin debating the matter in the next few weeks and could make a final decision in about a month , this person said .
Juniper Networks has individual routers that are at least as fast , but the company can not combine as many routers to ultimately produce the same speeds , according to Chris Nicoll , a telecommunications industry analyst with Current Analysis , a research firm .
Moreover , in the approval documents submitted to senior Citigroup credit officers -- and cited in the Times article -- senior officers of the bank were informed that Enron had ''verbally agreed '' to pay back the money .
He also said the company would follow guidelines similar to Citigroup 's regarding off-balance-sheet financings .
Microsoft , they note , has made some inroads into the server market , but it has been unable to compete effectively against Sun , Oracle and I.B.M. , whose industrial-strength software is the preferred choice of large companies .
More than three million people worldwide have used EPO ; combined sales for Johnson & Johnson and Amgen exceed $ 5 billion , making it the best-selling product produced by genetic engineering and one of the biggest-selling drugs in the world .
In the Nike campaign , the curly-haired Stiller portrays Lombardi 's ghost materializing in today 's National Football League , wearing a fedora , long stadium coat and Packers turtleneck and sweater .
Over all , Procter & Gamble , which makes Tide and dozens of other brands , said its earnings rose 6 percent in the quarter , compared with a year earlier -- but only because of the sale of its Clearasil brand to Boots P.L.C .
( Microsoft 's new Reader software , however , includes a version of Encarta . )
Toward the end of the event , Mr. Jobs introduced Robert A. Iger , Disney 's chief , who said the Apple alliance reflected a Disney strategy of marrying content and technology .
He became a director of Marsh & McLennan in 1987 and is on the board of the Investment Company Institute , the mutual fund industry 's lobbying organization .
The Omnicom Group in New York is starting a third media agency , named Prometheus Media Services , which will be based in Chicago and serve clients like cars.com , Dell and J.C. Penney .
The 450 I.B.M .
To ensure effective and timely compliance with this decision , the commission will appoint a monitoring trustee , which will , inter alia , oversee that Microsoft 's interface disclosures are complete and accurate , and that the two versions of Windows are equivalent in terms of performance .
Mr. Blank , who is 58 , had served as chief executive of Home Depot , a home improvement behemoth , from May 1997 until December .
''I 've been clear that it is important for all our businesses to be a leader in their industries , and asset management is not quite there yet , '' he said in response to a question about Citigroup 's plans for the business .
The News Corporation also owns WNYW , Channel 5 , in New York .
DaimlerChrysler AG of Germany and Aerospatiale Matra SA of France agree to merge their aerospace businesses into European giant with about $ 22 billion in annual sales ; new company , to be called European Aeronautic , Defense and Space Co , will be world 's third-largest ; it would essentially control Airbus Industrie , Boeing Co 's rival in commercial aircraft production , as well as Arianespace SA , world 's biggest rocket-launching company ; Germany 's Chancellor Gerhard Schroder and France 's Prime Min Lionel Jospin take part in signing ceremony in Strasbourg , France ; French Government , which owns 48 percent of Aerospatiale , will sell shares to lower its stake in new company to just 15 percent ; Government will still have veto over decisions on mergers , strategic alliances or additional stock offerings ; DaimlerChrysler has right to sell its 50 percent stake back to French after three years if it is unhappy with results ; financial terms of complicated deal noted ; merger is expected to put new pressure on US arms contractors ; chart ; photos ( M )
US Government attorney David Boies attacks testimony of Microsoft Corp vice president Brad Chase on multiple fronts at antitrust trial , and at times Chase 's explanations seem to cause even Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to question his credibility ; Chase tries to stress that Microsoft 's decision to bundle Web browser with Windows operating system was not anticompetitive because alternative browsers are easily available ( M )
Gas Card participants will go to Priceline.com 's site and enter a per-gallon bid for unleaded gasoline in one of three grades : regular , midgrade or premium .
A spokeswoman for Sun Microsystems , Elizabeth McNichols , confirmed that the company did not use any products made by its competitor , Microsoft , including Microsoft 's popular Office suite .
''These moves by Microsoft represent an extremely literal reading of the appeals court decision , '' observed David Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
Xerox has sound reasons for wanting to keep at least a toehold in all of its asset classes .
But people with knowledge of the account said the move was made at the behest of a top Ford Motor executive and was actually meant to strengthen ties between the companies .
A faulty water pump at the Indian Point 2 nuclear plant was repaired yesterday , and the plant was to resume full power 24 hours after a computer problem forced Consolidated Edison to cut power to 60 percent .
The merger will allow the companies to consolidate their spending on exploration , which would exceed that of Exxon and Royal Dutch/Shell .
Apple 's last profit warning came a year ago when the company 's results lagged forecasts because of parts shortages .
The companies said they would invest more than $ 400 million in the project over the next five years and that it would be based at a development center at I.B.M .
''Apple can see that the legislative tide is turning in Europe , '' said Mark Mulligan , an analyst at Jupiter Research , in a posting on the company 's Web site .
But analysts said that the transaction would most likely be similar to the At Home Corporation 's recent agreement to buy Excite , one of Yahoo 's chief competitors .
Micky Arison , chairman and chief executive of Carnival , indicated that he thought P & O Princess had dismissed his company 's bid out of hand .
World Business Briefing | Asia : Japan : Profit At Yahoo Japan
''People will not go to Microsoft , even if Microsoft is better than Google -- if Google is good enough . ''
EBay is really funny like that . ''
Microsoft made the announcement after several news organizations , including Time magazine , reported that Mr. Myhrvold was leaving after a falling out with Microsoft 's president , Steven A. Ballmer .
In the year-earlier period , Interpublic had net income of $ 109 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 1.49 billion .
William Zuendt , president of Wells Fargo & Co , will retire ( M )
In one of General Motors ' sprawling auto parts plants in a Matamoros industrial park just south of the Rio Grande , thousands of Mexican workers earn $ 1 to $ 2 an hour producing instrument panels and steering wheels for G.M .
When Mr. Andrew came in , Costco 's focus was on the typical assortment of American wines found in run-of-the-mill stores .
Mr. Dowley 's departure , which had been expected , comes after trade publications reported that as part of Interpublic 's efforts to cut costs , Interpublic was considering dissolving the group and having its units , including the Octagon motor-sports division , report to other Interpublic agencies .
Fox had placed newspaper ads in those three cities on Monday , citing the prospect that it might bar Time Warner 's cable systems from transmitting the signals of those stations until Time Warner agreed to a new deal to compensate Fox for the right to carry those stations .
AT & T Expected to Buy Stake In an Internet Access Provider
''The volume of trading was very high , '' she said , ''and there is certainly the likelihood that the individuals here are not the only ones who profited on this news .
AT & T , by contrast , has been around more than a century .
Or some managers might see Cisco 's fall as a tremendous buying opportunity .
Investors appeared to be relieved that an agreement was reached as shares of Boeing rose 4.7 percent , to $ 59.0625 , up $ 2.6875 on the day , in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Interpublic Group Combines Two Units
Microsoft product managers said the tablets , like the first laptop computers and organizers , would be geared to business users .
That would spell the end of Mr. Purcell 's vision of Morgan Stanley as a diversified financial services firm .
Some authority executives feared the turnabout would become a nightmare for the authority , because Vornado 's absence could drive down the sale price , or at least weaken the agency 's bargaining position .
A spokeswoman for Wal-Mart , which has been silent on the proposal , said the company had no comment on the decision .
Most of the spate of new buildings have already been leased by Manhattan-based companies , including Chase Bank and Goldman Sachs , which is erecting the city 's tallest office building , a 45-story , 1.6-million-square-foot tower at Colgate Center .
Brian J. Panish , lead lawyer for the plaintiffs , said that General Motors made a business decision to fight lawsuits from fuel-fed fires rather than to ''fix something that would n't have cost them much at all . ''
Yesterday , Amazon 's apparel site was filled with technical problems .
Jay Chiat , the coolly cerebral and fiercely passionate executive who helped transform the advertising industry in the 1970 's and 1980 's with creative campaigns like ''1984 '' for Apple and ''I Love L.A. '' for Nike died yesterday at his home in Marina del Rey , Calif .
Microsoft has been increasingly wooing foreign governments because the international market is now the main battleground for American software and technology companies .
From the beginning , Microsoft has made it clear that it wanted much longer to prepare for the antitrust trial .
AMERICAN AIRLINES PROTEST Flight attendants for American Airlines will be picketing at domestic airports today to protest $ 180 million in bonuses the carrier is preparing to pay to about 1,000 top managers , according to the Association of Professional Flight Attendants , which represents nearly 20,000 flight attendants at American .
Amgen , which has become the biotechnology industry 's superstar largely on the strength of Epogen , has filed a patent infringement lawsuit to protect its product .
He added that the strategy was a good one but suggested that Microsoft might run into resistance from competitors and from its own customers and business partners in its attempt to evangelize a broad standard with the Biztalk language .
It will develop standards for transactions and contract most of the actual processing to I.B.M .
Last week , Aerospatiale Matra announced a merger with DaimlerChrysler A.G. of Germany that would make it the world 's third-largest aerospace and military company after Boeing and Lockheed Martin .
Mr. Upin said Oracle 's quarterly earnings were stronger than he had expected , and that Oracle 's operating margin of 45 percent , the best ever for the company , shows that the company is extremely well managed .
''A significant number of comments , '' the report said , ''contain opinions concerning Microsoft , e.g. , 'I hate Microsoft , ' or concerning this antitrust case generally , e.g. , 'This case should never have been brought . '
That was nowhere near the 25 cents a share Xerox earned in the first quarter of last year , yet it was better than the penny-a-share loss that analysts had predicted .
The Canadian brewing company Molson said late yesterday that it was reviewing its plan to allow its executives , directors and employees to use their options to vote on its proposed merger with the Adolph Coors Company .
agreed to sell Honeywell 's helicopter-engine business and take other steps to win regulatory approval in the United States .
The letter posed 14 questions to the directors , raising doubts about the conduct of the board and Mr. Purcell with relation to the recent departure of several executives , the proposed spinoff of the Discover credit card unit and the regulatory and legal scrapes that have embroiled Morgan Stanley .
Microsoft addressed those statements in its reply yesterday .
Electronic Arts ''has created a virtual monopoly , '' he said .
International Business Machines Corp is set to announce that it has solved basic problem holding back development of faster semiconductor chips and will begin making chips early in 1998 that are smaller and up to 40 percent more powerful than most advanced chips ; says new manufacturing process , which uses copper combined with silicon , is 20 to 30 percent cheaper ( M ) i
Alex S. Jones , the director of the Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press , Politics and Public Policy at Harvard University , said that by reporting the news with such an American perspective , Fox News was failing to explain the evolution of the other side 's motivation against the United States .
''The district court , '' Microsoft stated , ''largely suspended application of the federal rules of evidence , admitting numerous newspaper and magazine articles and other rank hearsay . ''
Last week , Verizon agreed to drop its fight in bankruptcy court to liquidate MCI in exchange for a $ 60 million settlement of its claims .
The Minnesota case was one of the last remaining class-action lawsuits that Microsoft had been unable to settle earlier .
''If Hellenic did n't invest going forward and did n't manage its business in a way that satisfied Coca-Cola , then there would be changes anyway . ''
''Are you guys behind this business of the states hiring their own lawyers in the Microsoft case ? ''
Out of Retirement and Into the Boardroom ; 'New ' Chief at Boeing Has Been There Before
Worried that this case would anger and perhaps chase away many women shoppers , Wal-Mart has spent millions of dollars on television spots showing how well it treats women .
When the economy does improve , I.B.M .
Mr. Ryan owns 11.6 percent of Aon and is the company 's largest single shareholder .
's Dr Pepper , as well as Pepsico Inc. 's Mountain Dew and Diet Pepsi brands , according to Coca-Cola and Beverage Digest , an industry newsletter .
Citigroup Makes Changes at Lending Division
Microsoft Corp and its computer-industry allies lobby Federal Communications Commission , seeking to block or modify planned technical standards for advanced digital television broadcasting , the next generation of television ; equipment makers and broadcasters worked for eight years to develop new standard , but Microsoft and allies argue that it could hinder computer industry 's future use of broadcast spectrum ; computer coalition has proposed video system technology now used by computer industry , which is not wholly compatible with current broadcasting systems ; proposal also abandons superior high-definition picture quality that was original goal of advanced television ; FCC urges compromise ( M )
On Tuesday , Apple will hold another of Mr. Jobs 's marketing events here to introduce what trade publications and analysts indicate will be his next campaign : an effort to transform the distribution of Hollywood movies as thoroughly as he has revolutionized the recording industry with the iTunes Music Store .
In the server market , Microsoft competes against companies like I.B.M. , Sun and Hewlett-Packard , which sell versions of the Unix operating system .
In refocusing on brands like Bolla and Finlandia , Brown-Forman joins a long list of marketers seeking to rejuvenate venerable products , which include Coca-Cola , Colgate-Palmolive , PepsiCo and Unilever .
A decision in the United States patent case , which was tried last year before a federal judge in Delaware , is expected before the end of December , Pfizer and Ranbaxy say .
He is less adamant about holding on to his job than he is about keeping his Corning shares .
Microsoft said that in the case of AOL Instant Messenger , the buffer overflow error did not result in a program crash .
Motorola loads Sega computer game Borkov into its two new telephone-computer organizer products ; organizer applications and games on phones run on new Sun Microsystems platform ; photo ( M )
A merger of Oracle and PeopleSoft , the Justice Department said , would reduce the market to only two competitors , leading to higher prices and fewer choices .
Wenner Media 's US Weekly , considered by many to have had a troubled transformation from a monthly magazine over the last year , is getting some much-needed help from the Walt Disney Company .
Interpublic has $ 2.9 billion in debt and , as The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday , faces the possibility of refinancing a large convertible bond due in December , which could further reduce earnings .
Echoing its unfortunate decision with the iMac , Apple has not included a floppy drive with the new G3 .
But in 1996 , Vornado plunged into the Manhattan market when it bought a group of office buildings .
Of all search referrals worldwide , 36.35 percent come from Yahoo while 31.87 percent are from Google .
''We helped build Wal-Mart from $ 11 billion in sales to $ 312 billion , '' said Mr. Spence , who worked closely for many years with Sam Walton , the founder of Wal-Mart .
State medical associations of California , Georgia and Texas join individual doctors from seven states in federal lawsuit that accuse eight health insurers , including Aetna Inc and Cigna Corp , of engaging in 'pattern of racketeering activity ' to deny necessary medical care ; state organizations , which represent more than 75,000 doctors , contend that insurers used 'cost-based criteria to approve or deny claims ' for payment and have offered cash incentives to claim reviewers who would deny or limit tests and treatments that doctors felt were necessary ( M )
If customers do not specify Kodak , the store sells them the Fuji camera .
Industrial designers at other computer companies admire Apple 's work .
Engineers Reject Offer In Strike Against Boeing
IBM signs 10-year computer-management and technology-services agreement with Boots , Britain 's largest pharmacy chain ; $ 1.1 billion agreement requires IBM to set up research center in Nottingham , Eng , to help Boots develop wireless and mobile systems to improve customer relations and cut costs ( S )
But after the preliminary discussions and a more detailed analysis by NBC and Microsoft executives , they decided against going further .
It remains unclear how seriously it will affect Coca-Cola over the longer term .
Apple 's report came a day before a product announcement that has the industry speculating about the company 's next direction .
The search is to be led by Brian J. Brooks , who begins at Interpublic on Monday as executive vice president and chief human resources officer , also a new post .
AMERICAN EXPRESS -- This entertaining commercial teamed up the most powerful character in comic books , Superman , with the most powerful comic character on TV , Jerry Seinfeld .
Reinvigorated by today 's ruling in the Microsoft antitrust case , the Microsoft Corporation 's competitors in Silicon Valley today renewed their calls for harsh ''structural '' sanctions that would lead to the breakup of the company , the nation 's largest independent software marker .
At ConocoPhillips , the first major American company to report earnings for the third quarter , net income was $ 3.8 billion , or $ 2.68 a share , compared with $ 2 billion , or $ 1.43 a share , in the period a year earlier .
The owner of high-profile media products ranging from People magazine to the Cable News Network , Time Warner wants to extend the reach of those brands into the Internet .
In addition , the earnings figures may have offered an excuse for some to take profits : through Wednesday , Morgan Stanley Dean Witter 's stock had gained 116 percent in the last 12 months .
As Google kept inventing computer algorithms that allowed it to earn more money from each search , Yahoo kept Overture 's aging system in place .
Global sales of EPO products exceeded $ 13 billion last year , with Johnson & Johnson alone accounting for $ 3.4 billion of that .
The entry by Verizon Wireless into fast wireless Internet service comes after several companies , like Metricom and Teligent , filed for bankruptcy protection after pursuing similar plans .
Last March , the company gave her sole responsibility for its relationship with the Aon Corporation , a Chicago-based insurance company .
Alliance for Downtown New York will present free pre-Independence Day concert on July 1 on Great Lawn of Battery Park featuring Grammy Award-winning pop singer Shawn Colvin and British folk rocker Billy Bragg ; Wynton Marsalis and Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra will spotlight music of Louis Armstrong in concert on July 4 ; photo ; Van Gogh : Face to Face , exhibit which started tour at Detroit Institute of Arts in March , will open at Boston Museum of Fine Arts on July 2 ; photo ; Summergarden series of free weekend concerts at Museum of Modern Art will feature works of nearly 30 composers , particularly Bela Bartok , Charles Ives and Igor Stravinsky ( M )
Last week , scientists at the University of Southern California announced , in a paper in Science , that they had made some headway , calculating not with silicon chips but with strands of DNA .
Two giants in the business of books struck a $ 200 million deal today to become partners in a global network to sell titles in all major languages on line , posing a powerful competitive threat to the electronic commerce pioneer Amazon.com .
Investors may benefit more than consumers from the pending combination of the cable operations of AT & T and Comcast .
Caldera filed its antitrust suit against Microsoft on July 24 , 1996 , the same day it completed the acquisition of the DR-DOS product from Novell Inc. ( Novell had acquired the program 's creator , Digital Research Inc. , in 1991 . )
But Bertelsmann and Time Warner are both major magazine publishers , though generally not in the same markets , and they compete in the distribution of music as well .
I.B.M .
The Microsoft case , Mr .
''People want to work at Wal-Mart because we offer competitive wages , affordable health benefits and real career opportunities , '' Mr. Tovar said .
Earlier this year , Aetna rejected a tentative offer of $ 70 a share for the entire company from ING and Wellpoint Health Networks of California .
*Whether Microsoft would agree to publish program interfaces , which allow software developers to link their programs to Windows , at the same time that Microsoft began using these interfaces internally .
The deal allows 3Com , which has fallen far behind Cisco , to sell Huawei 's computer data routing equipment under the 3Com name outside of China and Japan .
Corning had been negotiating to do so by acquiring
Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson raises serious questions about Justice Department 's bid to break Microsoft into 2 parts , seeming to suggest plan does not go far enough ; lauds brief from group of computer industry executives suggesting breaking company into three parts ; asks government to quickly revise antitrust remedy proposal ; rejects Microsoft 's bid for months of added hearings , surprising and upsetting company ; photo ( M )
Mr. Gelsinger declined to comment on the reports of impending price cuts , but company officials said that Intel routinely reduced prices throughout the year .
''It is going to be on a schedule that Yahoo suggested and not on what investors had come to expect in the last few months , '' he said .
In recent months , Mr. Jobs has emphasized that he is spending nearly all his time at Pixar with the advisory role at Apple being secondary .
But Mr. Greenfield quarrels with Mr. Icahn 's plans , saying that while he supports change , ''just not as far as Icahn , his investor group , Lazard and Frank Biondi are trying to push Time Warner . ''
I acknowledge that Boeing did not live up to those expectations . ''
The report said Cigna had set aside $ 104 million for future losses on the investments .
Last week , Jon Elsen , The Post 's business editor , said the newspaper 's coverage of CNN had ''nothing to do '' with the feud .
AT & T 's stake is estimated to be worth from $ 7.5 billion to $ 9.5 billion .
Even Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , who has attacked the company for more than three years , praised ''the integrity of the new management team and Boeing and all the changes that are attributable to Mr. McNerney 's leadership . ''
The decision , effective Oct. 1 , came after a four-month review that had been narrowed to Western and three other finalists : Creative Media Inc. in New York , owned by the Omnicom Group ; Long Haymes Carr in Winston-Salem , N.C. , also owned by Interpublic , and West Wayne in Atlanta .
In other cases , Mr. Spitzer said , certain CBS stations sold blocks of advertising time to record labels as part of a ploy to inflate the performance of the songs on industry charts monitored by other programmers .
The monthly fees for the I.B.M .
Later , when the merger talks between Microsoft and SAP were tabled , the two companies compromised on a technology collaboration , this person said .
Officials had considered preserving the younger workers ' benefits as well , Halliburton added , but decided not to , because ''it would be , in effect , paying for service with Dresser-Rand '' after the employees had begun working for the company that had bought the unit .
Paul W. Noglows , an analyst for J. P. Morgan , said Yahoo ''is talking about the right strategy , but it is much more difficult than it thinks . ''
Allergan 's offer also promised Inamed shareholders more cash , a more widely traded stock than Medicis 's and the possibility of a deal that would close more quickly .
General Motors Corp provides separate financial information on its sprawling auto parts operations ; data show what analysts had long suspected : that profits from auto parts division , Delphi Automotive Systems , were propping up otherwise weak results in car-building business ; last year , Delphi earned $ 526 million on sales of $ 26 billion , for profit margin of 2 percent ; by contrast , GM 's North American Operations division earned $ 730 million on sales of $ 93.38 billion , for profit margin of just eight-tenths of 1 percent ( M )
But she said the company was discussing its decision with eBay 's top sellers .
Anne C. Toulouse , vice president for brand management and advertising at Boeing , said that a short list of agencies to take part had been drawn up , with the help of Bob Wolf Partners , a search consultant , adding that a decision is expected by early October .
Intent on cutting costs , Ivan G. Seidenberg , the chief executive of Verizon , the nation 's largest local telephone company , said it needed the union to help reduce soaring health care costs , cut absenteeism and ease contractual barriers to relocating workers .
Assuming Mr. Icahn and Mr. Parsons are able to come to terms , the many properties of Time Warner -- including Warner Brothers , HBO , CNN , America Online and Time Magazine -- would stay together .
Because of its site and because it keeps some of its chemicals off the highways for safety reasons , Huntsman has become dependent on Union Pacific rail cars that either show up in large numbers or not at all .
Thus , the asset sales are the key to making Xerox 's other strategies work .
The goal of Microsoft 's ''Windows Media Everywhere '' strategy is to insinuate Media 9 Series technology into car sound systems , radios , DVD players , home stereos , portable music players , cellphones and other wireless devices , hand-held organizers and even cable set-top boxes .
Bank of America and First Union are warning abut potential write-offs in fourth-quarter related to a single borrower , raising anxiety among investors about possible credit problems at commercial banks ; while neither bank would identify the borrower , analysts believe it is Sunbeam Corp ( M )
After a bruising eight-week takeover contest that has pushed up the price for Guidant well above earlier valuations , Johnson & Johnson would be taking a $ 675 million breakup fee and leaving the field of battle .
in March , seeking damages of at least $ 1 billion , contending that I.B.M .
''Nike has always had a very keen understanding of its brand image , '' he said .
I.B.M .
Far from being chastened by its setbacks , Wal-Mart is forging ahead with an aggressive program of foreign acquisitions .
Just how much Oracle will have to spend , Mr. Broder said , ''will depend on how hard they want to play . ''
''What Fuji does will become as important as what Kodak does , '' Robert P. Curran of Merrill Lynch said .
The virus is being transmitted only by users of Windows , primarily through Microsoft 's Outlook Express e-mail program .
The Web consortium has representatives from many technology companies , including competitors of Microsoft .
''As they apply the same processes and ideas and disciplines to growing the Coca-Cola trademark around the world that they demonstrated they could apply here in the States , I think it 's reasonable to expect some carbonated soft drink volume growth acceleration . ''
In 1998 , a federal appeals court ruled that Microsoft was free to bundle its browser with Windows as long as it could make a ''plausible claim '' that bundling had some benefit to consumers .
Some drug and biotechnoogy companies , including Nabi Biopharmaceuticals , Vical , Wyeth , ID Biomedical , GlaxoSmithKline , Aventis and Merck , are testing or developing vaccines for various illnesses despite vaccine business holding little allure because of low prices , strict regulations and uncertain demand ; chart ( M )
Paul Sagawa , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , described Cisco 's results as ''right down the middle , '' but ''not wildly disappointing . ''
Shortly after the letter was written , according to Mr. Kaplan , Intel reduced its planned investment in Go from $ 10 million to $ 2 million , and stipulated the investment be kept a secret .
A Microsoft spokesman , Mark Murray , said that the Government 's efforts today did not show contradictions in Mr. Rosen 's testimony or that Microsoft was engaged in revisionist history to suit its defense .
Sometimes the talks , Microsoft says , go on to include further levels of cooperation like licensing technology or a Microsoft investment , as the company discussed with Netscape .
Over all , Motorola shipped a record 25.3 million handsets in the quarter .
This adds to the pressure on Jill E. Barad , Mattel 's chief executive , who has been struggling to adapt the world 's largest toy company to an era in which girls tire of Barbie dolls at a younger age than previously .
Comcast trades at 15 times discretionary cash flow , well below the 25 to 30 times that is common for content companies .
Discovery Communications Begins Management Shift
He added that Yahoo should have moved quicker to improve its search revenue , but that is not in keeping with the disciplined culture that Mr. Semel has created .
''Instead , we 're going to thread commerce services throughout the Yahoo site , '' said Jeff Mallett , Yahoo 's senior vice president for business operations .
Peter Brandt , a senior vice president at Pfizer , said the company would try to sign up other drugstores , including independent pharmacies .
That would give Vornado prestigious addresses like the 39-story 1999 Avenue of the Stars in the Century City section of Los Angeles and the Ferry Building overlooking San Francisco Bay , a renovated 19th century structure containing 65,000 square feet of food markets and 175,000 square feet of prime office space .
ABB said today that it had agreed to sell most of its financing unit to General Electric for $ 2.3 billion in cash .
CBS said the contract Mr. Stern signed with Sirius provided that he would receive the stock payment in 2010 .
Microsoft has sold 15.5 million Xbox game consoles since it entered the market in 2002 , but the business continues to lose money and will for years until it has more software titles for its increasingly popular machines .
The returns , while far from showing the explosive growth enjoyed by Cisco during the heyday of the Internet boom , indicate that the company is headed in the right direction , said Stephen Kamman , a telecommunications equipment analyst with CIBC World Markets .
Visa and MasterCard said that American Express 's partnership with MBNA was presumptuous and premature .
The article also misstated the frequency of B. Smith Style , a competiting magazine published by American Express Publishing .
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Kodak 's stock fell $ 1 a share , to $ 58.50 .
THE MEDIA BUSINESS : Advertising ; Animated pots and pans clamor to be scrubbed clean in a new commercial for S.O.S from Clorox .
For instance , whatever the results of the Aranesp-Procrit trial , Mr. Morrow of Amgen suggested that it would not be able to take into account all of Aranesp 's virtues .
Last winter Apple introduced a limited edition 20th-anniversary Macintosh , a remarkably bold experiment in trying to design a desktop computer that did n't intrude into a room like a hulking block of plastic or metal .
SLM , Corp , also known as Sallie Mae , agrees to be taken private for $ 25 billion in deal with private equity investors J C Flowers and Friedman Fleischer & Lowe and banking giants Bank of America and J P Morgan Chase ; buyers are investing $ 8.8 billion of their own money , with remaining $ 16.2 billion to be financed by debt ( M )
The bake-off for the editorship of Slate , an online magazine owned by Microsoft , has concluded , and Jacob Weisberg , the Web site 's chief political correspondent , will take the cake .
Shares of Bank of America barely reacted to the news , falling just 6 cents , to $ 62.50 .
Mr. Spokoiny , who worked at Microsoft from May 1989 to September 1990 , testing Microsoft Word software , said he was surprised what happened after he answered a Microsoft employment ad .
But yesterday , in a conference call with analysts , Pfizer executives said that their company had never been stronger .
Jim Cullinan , a Microsoft spokesman , said Bristol had sought to license Windows NT 4.0 and 5.0 at the same terms as it paid for NT 3.0 , even though the later programs are considerably larger .
Phil Schiller , Apple 's vice president for worldwide marketing , said the company would make an effort to insure that the new Quicktime software incorporates a wide variety of different media formats known as ''codecs '' ( for compression-decompression ) , bodies of software coding that transform audio and video programming into digital format for transmission and translate it back on the user 's computer .
Charles E. Phillips , president of Oracle , will join its board .
In the fourth quarter , Oracle 's software license revenue grew by 22 percent , year over year .
Wal-Mart Stores , the world 's largest retailer and a bellwether for the industry , reported its first decline in quarterly income in 10 years yesterday , blaming trouble in foreign markets for the financial slip .
The volume gains were linked to strong sales in soft rinks , buoyed by the introduction of vanilla Coke and diet Coke with lemon , and by sales of bottled water .
`` In their mind , they viewed it as an either-or when they did n't have to , '' Mr. Marshak said , referring to AT & T 's view of Notes and the Internet .
In addition , Merck will soon face low-price generic competition in the United States on Zocor , a cholesterol-lowering drug that is its best-selling medicine , with $ 3.3 billion in sales so far this year .
Kellogg promotes its family of cereals , even the sugary ones , as components of a healthy diet .
Meanwhile , court documents made public yesterday showed that Southwest Airlines would take a 35 percent stake in ATA Airlines , another carrier under bankruptcy protection , if its bid for some of ATA 's assets is successful .
The proposed order at the center of today 's agreement contains specific provisions that describe when it would be appropriate for Intel to withhold such technology in the future , said lawyers and others involved in the case who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
Government regulators are finishing work on list of conditions they would like to impose on America Online and Time Warner for $ 165 billion merger of companies to be approved ; government wants to force combined company , to be known as AOL Time Warner , to open its cable television systems to other companies that want to offer high-speed Internet services ; another issue apparently of concern to government are cross-holdings between combined company and AT & T , No .
Yahoo will buy Overture Services , Internet search listings service , for $ 1.63 billion in cash and stock ; acquisition will give Yahoo greater ability to compete with Google in providing comprehensive Internet search services ; purchase gives Yahoo bigger stake in arena of advertiser-paid search listings ; Yahoo 's chief executive Terry Semel comments ; photo ( M )
A third nominee is a spot for Apple Computer Inc. that introduced the company 's ''Think different '' campaign saluting ''the crazy ones '' from Einstein to Picasso to Gandhi .
Data from food and beverage companies indicates that Wal-Mart represents 14 percent to 18 percent of all food and beverage sales .
The steering wheel is on the right-hand side and the air-conditioning system was specially designed to stand up to Japan 's sticky summers , but the Ford Ka , the most visible plank of the Ford Motor Company 's efforts to resuscitate its gasping business here , may have a tough road ahead .
The details of the Lipitor agreement between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert had long intrigued analysts , because it has been unclear how much profit Pfizer is receiving from the deal .
Procter & Gamble takes on boys ' grooming .
So in contrast to publicly held competitors like the Interpublic Group of Companies , the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group , Bcom3 has not been required to disclose details about earnings and losses , ownership stakes , sources of revenue by client or other operational information .
The name ''oraclemobile.com '' is owned by someone Mr. Ellison described as a ''squatter , '' but he promised that Oracle would get that Web address ''very shortly . ''
Mr. Kempin gave a familiar response , one that is central to Microsoft 's defense .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; It 's magic : Aetna buys Prudential Health Care for $ 1 billion and , analysts say , gets it for nothing .
Pfizer executives have said the company intends to look at deals of all sizes , from individual licensing agreements to large-scale takeovers .
EBay Chooses I.B.M .
Federal appeals court in Atlanta reverses 1999 ruling that United Parcel Service engaged in sham transactions to avoid hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate income taxes each year since 1984 ; decision is second in week by federal appeals court rejecting Internal Revenue Service efforts to tear down corporate tax shelters ; tax experts say two rulings articulate doctrine giving companies broad freedom to shelter income from taxes , even through arrangements that courts themselves characterize as having only slimmest business purpose ; in both cases , appellate judges hold that patina of business purpose , combined with just tiny prospect of profit or risk of loss , is sufficient to render corporate tax shelter legitimate ; Lawrence M Hill , noted tax litigator , says latest rulings represent shift in pendulum back in direction of corporate taxpayers ; in UPS case , appeals court rejects United States Tax Court 's finding that UPS used sham insurance policy to move profits to untaxed insurance affiliate in Bermuda ; photo ( M )
Officials at SAP said Mr. Kagermann 's comments about acquisitions were also calculated to help Oracle in its legal showdown with the Justice Department .
The nearest competitors , Worldnet from AT & T and MSN from Microsoft , have fewer than two million members each .
''Microsoft has a legion of enemies who hold it in contempt .
Mr. Myhrvold added that they were free to stop shipping the Microsoft product if they wanted , in which case they could be dropped from the Windows referral service .
Viacom Inc 's chairman Sumner M Redstone is expected to announce that his company will put most of Simon & Schuster , $ 2 billion publishing operation , up for sale ; Simon & Schuster 's educational publishing businesses will most likely be put on the block ; but Viacom is expected to hold onto trade imprint ; Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Co is expected to be hired to handle sale , which analysts say could fetch $ 4 billion to $ 4.5 billion ( L )
With those findings , everyone involved with the case realized that his final judgment -- which would be called a verdict in a criminal case -- was likely to fall heavily against Microsoft , as it did today .
In these findings , regulators will use the word ''fraud '' to describe the extent to which investment bankers at Citigroup , Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch influenced the work of their research departments .
Exxon Mobil said net income more than doubled in the final three months of the year , to $ 5.2 billion , or $ 1.49 a share , from $ 2.3 billion , or 65 cents a share , in the fourth quarter of 1999 .
There is thus no way for this court to know what the district court saw as the need for or the feasibility of either the breakup or the many so-called conduct provisions of the decree which seek to regulate virtually every aspect of Microsoft 's business .
Though such shindigs for advertisers and agencies have long been a staple of more traditional media like magazines and television networks , they are new to Yahoo .
Carlos Ghosn , who runs the automakers Renault of France and Nissan of Japan , said Wednesday that he would still be interested in adding a North American partner if discussions with General Motors failed to bring about an alliance -- raising the prospect of eventual talks with the Ford Motor Company .
Yes , replies Microsoft , but never to the point of allowing alternative shells that hide the Windows desktop .
Both the gifts and alleged affair violate Wal-Mart 's ethics policies .
Michael B. Nathanson , an international media analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , a New York- based investment research and management company , said the agreement provided a major lift for Microsoft 's technology , which record companies had been slow to embrace .
Now , corporate travel departments are finding or demanding access to these same cheap fares , which sometimes are available only on airline or travel Web booking sites , according to American Express .
For his part , Verizon 's chief executive , Ivan G. Seidenberg , has said he is also willing to take his company 's offer directly to shareholders , if necessary .
Will a Hedge Fund Become the Next Goldman Sachs ?
Prudential Financial is nearing a deal with the Wachovia Corporation about a joint venture that would merge their brokerage and research businesses , executives close to the discussions said yesterday .
COM add-ins can be used to augment Microsoft Word with special features and customized commands that are not a standard part of the program .
Barnesandnoble.com and Yahoo declined to disclose the terms of the deal .
Although it might seem like annoying nagware , that importunate icon shaped like a shield belongs to the Windows Security Center , which is a part of the Windows XP Service Pack 2 system upgrade released by Microsoft last year .
Microsoft said that the commission 's action consolidated and narrowed its previous concerns .
Indeed , eBay marked a milestone this quarter as the number of international users exceeded the number living in the United States .
Merck now plans to promote the program by putting a toll-free number in its print ads for Singulair and Zocor .
Lawrence Ellison , founder of Oracle Corp , has invested few million dollars in start-up company Netledger ; Netledger hopes to convert market for accounting software used by small businesses into Web service , for which Netledger would charge monthly base fee ; Netledger Web site is powered by Oracle 's data base software ; Netledger 's president , Evan Goldberg , is former Oracle vice president ; photo ( S )
The cost to airline passengers is $ 9.95 an hour or $ 26.95 for an entire flight and revenue is shared between Boeing and the airlines .
The Government and the Attorneys General of more than a dozen states are expected to announce that they are filing broad antitrust suits against Microsoft soon , probably today , on the eve of the company 's plan to ship its next-generation operating system , Windows 98 .
While heading up Citigroup 's asset management arm in the late 1990 's , Mr. Jones decided to have the bank run its own transfer agency operations , a business that documents the ownership of securities with the firm 's mutual funds .
General Motors announced today that its profit plunged 92 percent in the fourth quarter because of large one-time charges , a slight erosion of profits in North America and heavy losses overseas , especially in Europe .
And in the government 's sweeping antitrust case , the Microsoft Corporation was portrayed in convincing detail as a monopolistic bully .
And speculation that Mr. Plumeri is considering a major acquisition has persisted since the fall , when several newspapers reported that he was proposing a takeover of Marsh & McLennan Companies , the longtime industry leader .
By Christmas , the major labels hope to make some of the most popular recordings available on line in formats protected by rights-management technologies from companies like the Microsoft Corporation , Liquid Audio and the Intertrust Corporation .
Thus , many Xerox invoices went unpaid , while the sales representatives had to cope with new clients even as they fielded irate calls from old ones .
Disney has long feared that AOL Time Warner could block it from offering interactive services linked to its ABC and ESPN television networks .
Perhaps more worrisome for Wal-Mart in the long term was the performance of its domestic stores , by far the largest division .
Red Hat is the largest repackager and seller of the open-source Linux system , which has a growing following among companies and government agencies that want an alternative to Microsoft 's dominant Windows software .
Yahoo Inc. said yesterday that Gregory G. Coleman , who most recently worked as a top executive at Reader 's Digest , would become its executive vice president for North American operations .
Charles H. Bell was born in Minneapolis on Sept. 24 , 1907 , the son of James Ford Bell , who founded General Mills in 1928 through the merger of several milling companies .
When Mr. Amelio laid out his plans for revitalizing Apple last year , he sketched out a three-year transition in which growth would occur only during the third year .
Dow Chemical Co sues General Electric Co , accusing it of 'systematically and aggressively ' hiring Dow employees privy to trade secrets , latest in series of moves by American companies to prevent important officials from going to work for competitors ; lawsuit filed in state court in Pontiac , Detroit suburb , accuses General Electric of hiring 14 engineers and sales executives from Dow 's plastics division over last two years and putting them to work at similar tasks ; Michigan Circuit Court Chief Judge Edward Sosnick immediately grants temporary restraining order barring General Electric from using any trade secrets that it might have obtained from former Dow employees ; restraining order also requires General Electric to return any Dow documents that it may have ( L )
Last month , Citigroup was forced to close its private banking operations in Japan after regulators found that a lack of internal controls enabled certain employees to engage in fraudulent transactions .
The News Corporation will pay for the acquisition with its preferred stock , spending the equivalent of $ 20.50 a share for the 38.6 million shares of Heritage on a fully diluted basis .
Intel has spent nearly $ 300 million to market Centrino , and its venture capital group has invested more than $ 4 billion on various wireless start-ups .
Newly unsealed court documents show executives and directors of American International Group discussed corporate governance questions in 2002 that had been raised about two private companies , C V Starr and Starr International ; regulators are looking at close relationship between AIG and C V Starr and Starr International as part of wide-ranging probe into company 's possibly questionable transactions ; AIG does business with both entities , which are significant AIG shareholders ( M )
chairman , Reed E. Hundt , shot down SBC 's attempt to acquire AT & T in 1997 .
Coca-Cola Co executives have summoned Wall Street analysts for hastily scheduled meeting on Sept 25 , suggesting that Coca-Cola is about to deliver ominous news about earnings ; Coke derives most of its fortunes from overseas , where economic crises have ravaged earnings of many American multinational companies ( Market Place column ) ( M )
That court challenge , though , focused on Windows 95 and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browsing program .
Still , while Xerox is recovering from life-threatening troubles , the curative process has not been painless .
Another would develop and sell the application software such as Microsoft Office .
For example , the News Corporation , with a stock that closed Friday at $ 17.34 a share , pays a 10-cent dividend .
That buying of Intel stock came on a day when Intel fell $ 3.94 , to $ 34.13 , in the process setting a new 52-week low , something the stock had not done since the fall of 1990 .
The Oracle Corporation reported earnings today that met the lowered projections the company warned Wall Street investors about two weeks ago .
A spokesman for McCann , Stewart Alter , referred questions to Pfizer .
DuPont Looking to Displace Fossil Fuels as Building Blocks of Chemicals
But Mike Boots , the director of Seafood Choices Alliance , a trade group that helps market sustainable seafood , said that Whole Foods has an opportunity to give consumers choices that are good for the environment .
Of course , the deal promised a fast way to adapt the company 's print and television assets for Internet use , something Time Warner had found frustratingly difficult despite years of trying .
After all , he said , Microsoft 's products created the security problems and had caused ''billions of dollars of damage to their users . ''
Bank of America is the latest big bank to announce softer-than-expected earnings after J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup reported their results last week .
During the last year , the networks , including News Corporation 's Fox channels , have started experimenting with selling downloaded versions of their programs through services like iTunes from Apple and offering some shows free over the Internet , along with advertising .
''It 's a call on bankruptcy , '' Mr. Kohli said of buying PG & E and Edison stock .
The quarterly results , according to analysts , suggest that Microsoft seems to be skillfully handling the uncertainties it faces in its business and on the legal front .
They included a 1936 painting of a boy fishing ; a 1985 commercial celebrating ''classics '' for Coca-Cola Classic , which featured a momentary glimpse of a Rockwell ad showing teenagers sharing a sundae ; and a 1928 photograph of a Coca-Cola ad painted on a wall in Spain .
Still , Exxon remains a far bigger refiner than Valero when considering its plants around the world .
''There is a sentiment among merchants that Amazon is the Microsoft of E-commerce , '' said Scott Heiferman , the chief executive of I-Traffic , an ad agency that specializes in electronic commerce .
Executive headhunters say Evan Greenberg , who resigned as American International Group president and chief operating officer , will have abundance of choices when he seeks new job ; photo ( M )
Unisource said it would use the same technical `` platform '' as World Partners , which is a system developed by AT & T .
By contrast , the strong businesses during the quarter were the ones I.B.M .
( In an image reversal , America Online 's Steven M. Case was the one with the necktie , Time Warner 's Gerald M. Levin the one without , inviting speculation that the $ 165 billion purchase price had included his tie . )
Amazon 's executives insist that their virtual territory is not for sale because the company reserves the right to reject books that do not meet their standards of quality .
In an industry where earnings tend to rise 15 percent or more a quarter , Monsanto and Merck need a blockbuster drug to remain competitive with other pharmaceutical companies .
The two reports , which did not name sources , sent shares of Apple on a roller-coaster ride .
At Pfizer , two divisions are naming agencies .
The Polo Ralph Lauren Corporation in New York named DDB Needham New York , part of Omnicom Group , as the first agency to handle worldwide brand strategy as well as international and regional domestic media placement .
The report , which quotes a former News Corporation employee named Jiang Hua , said the company received money from several Chinese cable operators through a shell company , Beijing Hotkey Internet .
The United States Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday in a protracted , closely watched patent case that pits a small company called MercExchange against eBay , the online auction and marketplace .
In April , Aetna announced that it would spend $ 8.18 billion to acquire U.S. Healthcare , a major health maintenance organization concentrated in New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania .
AT & T intends to spin off Liberty as a separate company by midsummer .
If Comcast Buys AT & T Cable , Efficiency Is Likely to Improve
In 1971 , the first Intel microprocessor , the 4004 chip , held 2,300 transistors .
Two days before issuing its second-quarter results , the Halliburton Company warned investors yesterday that it would have to take several one-time charges that will result in a loss for the quarter .
Intel reported third-quarter earnings before acquisition-related and other costs of $ 2.9 billion , or 41 cents a share , compared with $ 1.9 billion , or 27 cents a share , for the period a year earlier .
Mr. Ballmer 's comments also suggest that customers will not rush to upgrade existing machines to the new software , which is reported to be both memory-hungry and less compatible with existing software and hardware than Microsoft had indicated .
to Buy General Electric 's Life Insurance Unit in Japan
At Citigroup , it has been transforming a company focused on acquisitions into one that is focused on expanding its existing businesses and its operations overseas .
Motley Fool , popular personal finance site on the Internet , is expected to announce that Coca-Cola president C Patrick Garner will become its new chief executive ( S )
I.B.M .
It is in a battle with Comcast , Cox , Time Warner Cable and other cable providers that are offering competing phone and broadband Internet services along with their television programming -- all on BellSouth 's turf .
Amazon has become a huge business , with a total of 22.5 million customers , up 2.5 million in the last quarter .
In an interview , Mr. Crawford said that Morgan Stanley would detail at today 's conference ways to integrate the brokerage and institutional businesses better .
Absent such adjustments , Motorola earned 21 cents a share .
Both PepsiCo and Hindustan Coca-Cola insist that they have not overused water resources .
''We found that 54 percent of the people who shopped in Wal-Mart did n't even visit our home furnishings department , '' said Shawnda Schnurbusch , the vice president for home furnishings .
The problems occurred after Microsoft introduced a new version last Monday of its service software , called 2.5 , that it bills as faster and easier and offering better electronic mail capabilities .
Locked in a struggle with a shadowy ''black hat '' computer underground that exploits any flaw in its software , Microsoft has spent three and a half years trying to transform its engineering culture to make security the company 's priority .
In February , Apple acknowledged that demand for the Cube had only been a third of projections .
After a series of setbacks this year , Priceline.com , the ''name your price '' travel service , received a boost yesterday when the Better Business Bureau decided to reinstate the company as a member in good standing .
In a telephone interview , Mr. Orr said Mr. Coughlin was best suited to help Interpublic take its next steps .
Maiden Flight For New Boeing Jet
Yahoo and other popular Internet companies face growing international pressure to exclude racist clubs and auction items that are proliferating online ; Simon Wiesenthal Center says Internet now harbors over 2,000 groups promoting anti-Semitism or white supremacy , at least twice as many as center found in spring 1999 ; auction sites like eBay have been targets of protest for allowing sale of items like Nazi flags ; some sites have been asked to reevaluate way their search engines retrieve results ; many Web services bar hate-fostering speech , but refuse to monitor or actively seek out violators ; photos ( M )
Bristol-Myers Squibb is trying to restructure deal with ImClone Systems Inc , biotechnology company developing new type of cancer drug called Erbitux , after Food and Drug Administration refused to accept studies that ImClone had filed to gain approval of drug ; Bristol-Myers Squibb chief executive Peter R Dolan in 2001 agreed to pay up to $ 2 billion to develop and market ImClone 's drug ; Dolan says that despite problems with ImClone , he believes he has accomplished much in his first nine months as head of Bristol-Myers ; says he can not yet say whether his decision to invest in ImClone was right one , but still believes that Erbitux has 'blockbuster potential ' ; inside Bristol-Myers employees are downhearted ; several top managers have left , and company has laid off thousands of workers in last year ( M )
There was also a lively discussion inside Interpublic about whether Martin ought to take part in Round 2 if asked back , according to executives there who spoke anonymously for the same reason as the GSD & M executives .
Mr. Deutsch has in recent months come under friendly -- yet intensifying -- pressure from his corporate bosses at the Interpublic Group of Companies .
Verizon 's choice of MSN represents a substantial setback for Yahoo , which has said it wants to make D.S.L .
Kellogg Co will begin review that might result in adding an agency to roster of shops handling its troubled American ready-to-eat cereal account ; Leo Burnett Co , WPP Group PLC , Burrell Communications Group , Young & Rubicam , Interpublic Group of Companies , Omnicon Group and Grey Advertising have been asked to participate in evaluation of its marketing programs ( M )
Sales at Gap and Other Specialty Stores Fell in July
During the quarter , Citigroup posted double-digit income growth in each of its nine major product areas and in all its geographic regions .
Coca-Cola intensified its public relations effort in European newspapers yesterday , purchasing full-age ads published in France , Italy and Spain .
Amazon.com reportedly plans to open online apparel store this summer or in early fall to fill in hole in its product mix ; has been seeking big retailers and smaller accessories companies to sell their goods through Amazon 's site in sort of online mall ; formula would be departure for Amazon , which until now has alloted space within given category to single merchant ; photo ( M )
Robert L. Thompson , the architect for the 1.5-million-square-foot Nike campus in 1989 and its 1.2 million-square-foot expansion in 2000 , took issue with any assertion by Adidas that its complex makes it part of the Portland civic fabric , noting that getting there from downtown requires a drive .
Last month , I decided to move from an Internet appliance to an I.B.M .
A spokesman for Morgan Stanley said that the firm thought those purchases were based on public information .
And the accusations against it in the Exxon Mobil case , like the use of torture and murder , have long been in the public realm .
Vornado Realty Is Highest Bidder To Win Lease for the Twin Towers
IT was just past noon on a recent weekday at the Apple Store here , and the Genius Bar was buzzing .
ChevronTexaco Offers $ 16.8 Billion for Unocal
Many analysts see Ms. Russo 's appointment as recognition by the Kodak board and by Mr. Carp , who has worked at the company for 31 years , that Kodak badly needs an outsider steeped in information technology to help it find a profitable lane on the digital highway .
Microsoft 's role as a supplier of TV set-top boxes on the AT & T Broadband systems would become stronger .
As for the disco tune in the spots not featuring Mr. Alexander , said Ann Lewnes , worldwide advertising director at Intel , ''music is a great way to relate to an audience . ''
also announced a variety of pricing , software products and service changes intended to give customers more flexibility and to provide a number of features , like the ability to use the Linux operating system , that would be common to all I.B.M .
Mr. Murdoch 's News Corporation , which owns media companies around the world and is eager to expand in Europe , has the power to make things even more painful for Mr. Kirch ; Mr. Malone , who controls Liberty Media and is trying to buy up Germany 's biggest cable-television networks , has the power to make things easier .
But the model that Intel showed today to demonstrate its contentions offers processing power of only 500 megahertz on house current or 300 megahertz on battery power .
Already , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and the Standard & Poor 's Corporation , the two big bond rating agencies , consolidate Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises when they analyze the companies ' financial statements .
Microsoft officials were surprised and upset by the decision to close the record today .
That meant Boeing could be more creative , he said , in whatever prices and payment terms it worked out with AirTran .
Now , when domain names come up for renewal , VeriSign 's policy is to provide a grace period of about 60 days after a domain 's official expiration date to give the owner time to renew .
Shares of International Paper fell $ 2.75 yesterday , to $ 37.25 .
For all the criticisms , the Airbus announcement puts the company back into the game against Boeing .
To address that problem , AT & T said last fall that it would break itself into four pieces .
The tools will be used to produce programs for computers using the Intel Corporation 's Pentium microprocessors and the Microsoft Corporation 's Windows 95 and Windows NT operating systems .
Following through with promises to cut costs as it struggles through a difficult first half of 2001 , Motorola Inc. yesterday announced layoffs that will shut down production at the company 's last domestic cellular phone plant .
The disputes date to the early 1990 's , when Monsanto , a brash newcomer to the seed business , tried to interest the conservative Pioneer company in its still unproven genetically modified crops .
The industry has asked the Japanese government to charge a royalty , to be added to the retail price of portable digital music players like Apple 's iPod , which has been explosively popular here .
Microsoft Corp files court papers that call Government 's sweeping antitrust case against it 'completely groundless ' and offer glimpse of legal strategy it will pursue ; Government informs Microsoft that it wants to take videotape deposition from William H Gates , chairman-co-founder ; Microsoft says its own trial preparation is being hindered by reluctant competitor , Novell Inc ( M )
''It looks like most of the Y2K effect has landed on I.B.M .
But the approach has also proved to have its challenges for Amazon , among them a legal battle with Toys ''R '' Us , one of its largest partners .
I.B.M .
The Adelphia Communications Corporation , the country 's fifth-largest cable provider , said yesterday that it had proposed a new plan that would settle some legal disputes with creditors so it could exit bankruptcy and be sold to Time Warner Cable and Comcast .
The Dallas-area offices of two Omnicom Group divisions in New York have created an alliance to offer clients direct branding and marketing services .
Local authorities and utility companies in these countries have demanded that successful bids for large technology contracts must propose equipment using Intel chips , the commission said .
Indeed , since Wal-Mart acquired Asda for $ :6.7 billion ( about $ 10.5 billion ) in June , an all-out pricing war has ensued among supermarkets in Britain .
Mr. Masin had been a member of Citigroup 's board , serving as chairman of the personnel and compensation committee .
Production techniques will be refined there , then applied at I.B.M .
With the advertising market not rebounding this fall , as some had hoped , some analysts worry that Yahoo , too , will not be able to meet its projections .
( One of Ms. Hancock 's first acts at Apple was to put programmers on fixed deadlines for the first time . )
Does the other side think the Campbell countermove means that , to quote a line made famous in the cola wars , the other guy blinked ?
Johnson & Johnson 's largest sales of Procrit are for chemotherapy patients , but Amgen 's approval for Aranesp is for people with chronic kidney failure .
The Microsoft stock market miracle clearly ended this year , with the company 's stock falling more than 50 percent , largely -- on the surface at least -- -- because of the blow dealt to the software publisher by Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , who ruled in the federal antitrust lawsuit that Microsoft be broken into two separate companies .
New details about tactics Microsoft Corp used to secure dominant role in software markets for nearly two decades are emerging in consumer class-action trial in Minnesota ; among documents introduced is letter from June 1990 in wich Microsoft chairman Bill Gates told then Intel chief executive Andrew S Grove that any support given to software company Go Corp would be considered aggressive move against Microsoft ; other evidence presented by plaintiffs ' lawyers gives account of how Microsoft violated signed secrecy agreement with Go and showed that Microsoft possessed technical documents from Go that should not have had access to ; Microsoft spokeswoman says many of newly disclosed documents are not relevant to trial , which focuses on Microsoft pricing actions ( M )
SOUTHWEST BLOG -- Southwest Airlines has created a blog for employees and customers , www.blogsouthwest.com .
''To maintain its market position in this competitive environment , Verizon certainly has an incentive to cut costs , '' said Richard W. Hurd , a professor of labor relations at Cornell .
Mr. Rowen had downgraded Priceline 's stock last week because he was concerned that the company 's grocery business was not growing fast enough to compensate for the slowing growth in its travel sales .
I.B.M. , which once defined and dominated the PC business , made an ignominious exit from the retail market in 2000 as Dell and Hewlett became the dominant players .
In its statement , Tyson Foods said that Mr. Tyson had originally offered to pay $ 200,000 to the S.E.C .
Analysts said eBay 's decision to withdraw its ads is not likely to hurt the search giant .
But she said she was not looking back in anger at her colleagues at Priceline or friends who advised her to go there , like Nancy Peretsman , an investment banker at Allen & Company , and William Ford , a venture capitalist at General Atlantic Partners .
But Robert W. Shaw , a former Oracle executive who oversaw worldwide sales and services at the company through most of the 1990 's , prefers a simpler explanation : fear .
Some even argue that McDonald 's is identified in the public mind with glasnost and perestroika , the policies of openness and restructuring under Mikhail S. Gorbachev in the final years of the Soviet Union .
It could be because Apple will introduce a new size , as it did with the Nano , or because it is moving its connector from the top of the unit to the bottom , or because Apple has plans to introduce a competing product .
Wachovia and Prudential will take combined charges and accounting adjustments of $ 681 million after taxes in connection with the deal , and expect cost savings of $ 220 million .
Yet , several executives in the Linux community said they hoped that a Microsoft spinoff would create versions of its applications for Linux , making the free operating system much more attractive to non-technical computer users .
The game , available at Microsoft 's game site , MSN Gaming Zone ( zone.msn.com/speedway ) , is free and entertaining .
I.B.M .
After the selloff , Humana 's shareholders would have only received $ 3.1 billion from the acquisition , far less than the $ 5.5 billion the company had agreed upon .
Internal memorandum reflecting views of some of Microsoft Corp 's top executives and software development managers reveals deep concern about threat of free software movement and proposes number of strategies for competing against free programs that have recently been gaining in popularity ; document was sent anonymously last week to Eric S Raymond , key figure in loosely knit group of software developers who collaboratively create and distribute free programs ( M )
On April 10 , Intergraph , which is based in Huntsville , Ala. , won a preliminary injunction requiring Intel to continue supplying it with advanced product information , advanced microprocessor chip samples , early production chips and production chips .
AT & T 's long-distance telephone operations had an 8.5 percent increase in volume , or minutes of use on its network .
After a three-year legal fight , a Paris court yesterday rejected a lawsuit by French human rights advocates and Holocaust survivors who sued Yahoo for one symbolic euro .
''This is a stretch , but you have to give Intel 's management credit for recognizing that the world is rapidly changing around them and trying to do something about it , '' said Drew Peck , a managing director of S. G. Cowen & Company , a securities firm .
Cisco Systems , which controls more than three-quarters of the market for products that link communications networks and power the Internet , has lured a key executive from AT & T , hiring Hossein Eslambolchi as its vice president in charge of service provider businesses .
According to Thomas Vinje , a partner in the Brussels office of the law firm Clifford Chance , Microsoft 's attempts to stall any new legal challenge to its operations in Europe have worked so far .
BarnesandNoble.com , the second-largest online bookstore , and Borders 's online store immediately matched Amazon.com 's prices .
Andy D. Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer , attributed the changing expectation primarily to weaker-than-expected demand in Europe .
The Orion contract calls for Lockheed Martin to get $ 3.9 billion through 2013 for designing , developing , testing and evaluating the new craft and building two for initial flights into space .
Gates Helped Draft Microsoft 's Response to Judge
Yahoo was No .
The Gap seems to think so , staking its fortunes on Madonna 's power to ignite a fashion trend by showcasing her in its fall advertising campaign .
Because the average video game player is 29 , according to a survey by the Entertainment Software Association , this is a significant age group to Microsoft and the makers of the two other major video game consoles , Sony and Nintendo .
''I.B.M .
Cadbury Schweppes is expanding its agency roster by naming offices of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising to handle global assignments for gum and mint brands acquired from Pfizer ; brands were handled for Pfizer by Bates Worldwide ( S )
Over all , I.B.M .
He stepped down from the Apple board last October in the course of the internal investigation of options practices .
For instance , more stores will be customized by location , following a model store in the upscale Dallas suburb of Plano , Tex. , which is ''proving Wal-Mart can appeal to the Cadillac set , '' he added .
After losing 20 percent of their value on Friday , Oracle shares were stable yesterday , ending the day up slightly .
''Cisco understands the direction where tornado-market opportunities like optical networking technology are heading , '' he said .
Wal-Mart Stores has developed wide-ranging new program intended to show that it appreciates its 1.3 million workers in US and to encourage them to air their labor grievances ; Wal-Mart managers at 4,000 stores will meet with 10 rank-and-file workers every week and extend additional 10 percent discount on single item during holidays to all its employees , beyond normal 10 percent employee discount ; program was created during volatile six months period , starting when company instituted set of sweeping changes in how it managed its workers ; Wal-Mart has sought to create cheaper , more flexible labor force by capping wages , using more part-time employees , scheduling more workers at night and weekends , and cracking down on unexcused days off ; policies angered many long-time employees , who complained that changes would reduce their pay and disrupt their families ' lives ; documents describing program were provided to New York Times by WakeUpWalMart.com , group founded by United Food and Commercial Workers union , which fears that Wal-Mart will undermine unionized stores ; photos ( M )
Speaking at the Paris Air Show , Mr. Stonecipher said Boeing would offer the transfers to other company employees first and then look in the Chicago area .
''They say it 's 80 or 90 percent easier to sell to a customer than to acquire another one , '' said John Kahan , general manager for corporate customer relationship management at the Microsoft Corporation in Redmond , Wash .
: GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS , MERCK , CHIRON Influenza : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS , CHIRON Meningitis : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS , CHIRON , WYETH Mononucleosis : GLAXOSMITH KLINE Pneumonia : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS , WYETH Rotavirus $ S : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , MERCK SARS : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS Sexually transmitted : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , AVENTIS Shingles : GLAXOSMITH KLINE , MERCK
One problem is that technical snags have prevented millions of users of hand-held personal computers operating Microsoft software from being able to read most publishers ' electronic books .
Molson , a former owner of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team and an heir of one of Canada 's oldest and most prominent business families , died on Saturday in Montreal .
But according to Hani Durzi , an eBay spokesman , when an eBay employee called Ms. Walton at HammerTap and asked to speak to the company 's owner , ''she said 'Oh , you mean Ken ? ' ''
''The old Waste Management had a failure of discipline , but the new one has a failure of communications , '' Mr. Kelleher said .
Mr. Milken and his MC Group were ''integrally involved in the transaction between MCI and News Corp. , '' the S.E.C .
It was the company 's Indian design center that made a central contribution to the chip Texas Instruments announced the development of this month .
A.T. & T. employees can also continue working at the company for many months , drawing down their severance pay while they look for jobs within the company or at other concerns .
Spokesmen for Morgan Stanley and Chase declined to say whether such talks occurred , citing policies against commenting on market speculation .
''The Justice Department and the states are casting around , trying to figure out what they are going to do with their case , '' said Charles F. Rule , a partner of Covington & Burling in Washington and a former senior official in the Justice Department , who is an adviser to Microsoft .
Another provision of the settlement says Microsoft can refuse to disclose technical information if a company does not meet reasonable , objective standards established by Microsoft for qualifying as a viable business .
In particular , the panel lauded Coke for establishing a uniform evaluation procedure that is supposed to ensure fair evaluations on specific job-related measurements .
The new printers would be available within 9 to 12 months , Apple said .
Apple Computer Posts Loss ; Sale Advice May Be Sought
Verizon Ordered To Give Identity Of Net Subscriber
The two companies settled when Sanyo agreed to license the technologies from Kodak .
Citigroup Chief Speeds Up Succession Plan
The decision by Unocal 's board to stick with Chevron is the second time this week that a large Chinese company has been dealt a serious setback in its attempt to acquire major American assets .
Yesterday 's news from Wal-Mart was countered by that of Sharper Image , which had proclaimed this ''the year of the gadget . ''
Some analysts expect that a larger Comcast will have greater economies of scale , enabling it to purchase equipment and services at lower prices .
Intel Corp says fourth-quarter revenue will meet midpoint of its expectations , $ 10.4 billion to $ 10.6 billion , disappointing investors ; concedes that if its rival , Advanced Micro Devices , is able to meet its forecasts , supply issue could cause Intel to lose market share in fourth quarter ( M )
Only in the fine print of the letter was it revealed that the customer was actually authorizing transfer of the domain to VeriSign .
He also said that Verizon briefly had trouble moving some of its numbers to Sprint PCS .
Kodak 's hope is that the co-branded stores , with their myriad services and promotions , will stave off the competitive onslaught .
Neither the Halliburton nor the Honeywell deals are final , and both could collapse .
The Northrop Grumman Corporation made a hostile $ 5.9 billion takeover bid for its rival , TRW Inc. , late last night after TRW 's board rejected its original unsolicited offer .
And as if to underscore the need to move to higher technological ground , the Intel Corporation reported third-quarter earnings today that were below Wall Street expectations .
But yesterday , Citigroup 's directors softened the blow to Mr. Weill 's considerable wealth and ego by giving him options on an additional 1.5 million shares of Citigroup .
The executive , James W. Lynn , said he upset Wal-Mart officials by complaining vigorously about apparel contractors that fired pregnant workers and about one company official who , according to several inspectors , was corrupt and treated substandard factories leniently .
Without granting that Morgan Stanley had treated women unfairly , Ms. Nicklin , a partner in the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis , said , ''Diversity is always enhanceable . ''
Qwest Communications chairman Richard Notebaert and Verizon chairman Ivan Seidenberg release letters stating their cases for seeking to acquire MCI ; Notebaert 's letter says his company 's latest bid is being ignored ; Seidenberg 's letter dismisses Qwest 's projected cost savings as 'modern fiction ' ( M )
*Do marketers like Eastman Kodak , which is running a print advertisement for a new digital video camera-MP3 player showing the product locked in a padded cell to illustrate its ''multiple personality , '' realize that such depictions can be hurtful to people who suffer from mental illness ?
Comcast , based in Philadelphia , first began tracking aggregate surfing patterns about six weeks ago , when it began rapid -- and rocky -- deployment of its cable modem service .
Web services will not be a winner-take-all market , unlike the PC operating system market , they say , and besides , Microsoft has learned some lessons in the last few years .
And how did Amazon do in the end ?
Analysts point out that Goldman lagged behind Morgan Stanley and First Boston in the early years of the technology boom , but caught up and passed them in the peak years of 2000 and 2001 .
Mr. Murdoch said that a combination of DirecTV with the News Corporation 's existing satellite television business could yield ''massive synergies . ''
About 250 Staples stores have been converted to the new style , with about 850 to go .
His employment agreement also includes a grant of 320,000 shares of Microsoft stock , vesting gradually , worth $ 8.7 million at the current stock price .
Ms. Lewis and her partners took on nearly 300 such cases by the time Merck pulled the plug on Vioxx .
Some of the changes at Wal-Mart have worked .
There , the government gave Microsoft four months after the judge 's ruling to submit a plan for breaking the company into two parts ( though the actual breakup would be stayed until legal appeals are complete ) .
The company said it planned eventually to sell all the nonpremium ad space on Yahoo through the exchange , a move executives said would enhance revenue .
Iridium LLC , bankrupt global satellite telephone company , will begin sending 88 giant satellites spiraling toward Earth , ending one of the clossal corporate failures in recent memory ; after spending more than $ 5 billion on system that promised to communicate with everyone , anytime , Iridium could muster only about 55,000 subscribers , not enough even to pay interest on its startup costs ; company 's shares plummeted months ago , and banks , bondholders and investors are left to wince at their staggering losses ; Motorola , which started company , has written off more than $ 2.5 billion ; Iridium is still holding out hope that someone will buy satellite network before complete shutdown ; photo ( M )
Flowers , a $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion fund founded by J. Christopher Flowers , a former partner at Goldman Sachs , could announce as early as today that it will buy the business for an undisclosed price .
Union Pacific has been replacing about 200 locomotives each year , with some leased and some purchased .
The move will help Amazon fill in one of the most glaring holes in its product mix , and one that has become popular with online shoppers .
By sometime next year , if ad dollars are flowing in and investors start to bid up Time Warner shares , the bet will have paid off .
Morgan Stanley went on the offensive yesterday as its embattled chief executive , Philip J. Purcell , took new steps to consolidate his control over the divided firm .
Kohl 's avoided costly last-minute price cuts , unlike most other apparel retailers .
Now it is watching intently to see whether Microsoft 's path will be divided .
In a conference call with analysts last week , Robert Growney , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , said cost-cutting measures would help profit growth rebound , but not before a slow first half of the year .
Shares of Wells Fargo & Co fall sharply on false rumor that Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc was selling its entire holding of almost 8 percent of Wells Fargo stock ; bank 's market value drops $ 1.3 billion in one hour ; movement reflects jitteriness of markets and widspread respect accorded Buffett ; rumor was sparked by misinterpretation of report filed by Berkshire Hathaway with SEC ; report misled many investors , something Berkshire could have prevented had it wished to do so ; Berkshire officials and Buffett refuse to discuss SEC filing that set off furor ; graph ( M )
On Friday , the federal government and 17 states asked Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to split Microsoft into two separate companies : one focused on operating systems like Windows , the other devoted to software applications and Internet activities .
employees in China certify annually , require I.B.M .
Loan Unit Drags Down H & R Block
In New York , Mr. Woodworth and his 25-person team are working mainly with the Red Cross and government agencies , but I.B.M .
But after nine months of bitter altercations , the per-copy price of Windows 95 rose to $ 45.90 , boosting I.B.M .
Excluding such items , Motorola earned $ 21 million , or a penny a share , in the most recent quarter .
The only chance that EchoStar , Hughes and General Motors , which owns Hughes , have of rescuing the proposed merger from almost certain defeat is to significantly change the terms of the deal -- and those chances are diminishing , too .
''I think it will be a cyclical growth company along the lines of I.B.M . ''
''You can find good-quality used paperbacks on Amazon for under $ 2 , and in some cases under $ 1 . ''
His strategic focus , Mr. Palmisano said , would be on the pragmatic benefits of Internet technology to I.B.M .
Netflix Prize Still Awaits A Movie Seer
And the stores are organized around different uses of computing technology : organizing music , editing digital photos or movies , creating podcasts and blogs -- all done with Apple 's software .
Revenue from phone services fell 3.1 percent as an increase in subscribers for the digital phone plans was offset by a decline in the number of customers using the traditional phone lines that Comcast inherited when it bought AT & T 's cable operations in 2002 .
Washington critics of Boeing -- particularly those who contended the $ 20 billion aerial tanker contract was a sweetheart deal for the company -- said its actions confirmed their earlier suspicions of an overly cozy relationship between Boeing and the Air Force during the negotiating of the aerial tanker deal .
Such a merger would create a retail banking behemoth with a nationwide network of branches , rivaled only by Bank of America .
Before and after the settlement 's details were announced , Morgan Stanley sought to establish a public perception that it had behaved better than other major investment banking firms , even though it was required to pay $ 125 million in the settlement .
But in the end , the opportunity to oversee the creative output for so many big General Mills brands , like Cheerios , Total and Yoplait , was too good to pass up .
Lowe , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies , is combining agencies specializing in interactive , direct and customer relationship marketing under the name Lowe Live .
The reason analysts focus on this item is that they regard it as a financial cushion : the time when Microsoft recognizes revenue on its software licenses to corporations can sharply affect the quarterly earnings .
The new program , I.B.M .
This approach may be paving the way for the day when Microsoft shifts away from its bundling approach .
Using the parent company 's wealthy balance sheet , the Boeing Capital Corporation helps finance the sale of products across all Boeing divisions and is to be expanded .
New to the Starbucks Menu : Exclusive Dylan
In the fall of 2005 , Mr. Scott , the chief executive , vowed to reduce energy use in Wal-Mart 's stores , improve the fuel efficiency of its trucks , minimize its use of packaging and pressure thousands of suppliers to follow its lead .
At Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney brokerage unit , an executive said that the firm had also started gaining more accounts than it was losing to online competitors .
Reflecting what has become a general network trend away from comedy , CBS is heavily emphasizing the one-hour drama , ordering five new shows in that genre and just two comedies , one of which is receiving a limited order of only six episodes .
''It shows that they regarded browsing functionality as part of Windows and were willing to delay an upgrade schedule to deliver a superior product , '' said Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman .
Both Citigroup and J. P. Morgan had also served as investment bankers to Enron .
Prosecutors said Mr. Abdallah used couriers , cab companies and others to pick up packages that he had ordered in the names of some of his victims , and tracked them using the Federal Express and United Parcel Service Web sites .
''This must have been incredibly frustrating to Heidi to go into Apple with all the hope of reinvigorating a large but demoralized developer community , only to discover that your efforts are being undermined at every turn by other actions in the company , '' said Roger McNamee , a general partner of Integral Capital Partners , an investment firm in Menlo Park , Calif .
In 1987 , Comcast joined several other cable companies in acquiring SCI Holdings , the parent company of the former Storer Communications , for $ 2.9 billion .
With 13 percent of the corporate software market , Oracle is a distant second to SAP .
Last year , Honeywell merged with Allied Signal .
Netflix says that large box-office hits still account for the core of its business , but the company notes that its customers make up about 2 percent of all video rentals compared with 30 percent of all the rentals for ''Talk to Her . ''
Free online help and how-to articles for Windows 98 will be available on Microsoft 's Web site until 2007 , and the company has further information about technical support at support.microsoft.com/default.aspx ? pr=LifeAn1 .
He said AT & T 's complaint was part of a broader campaign to influence the outcome of Federal communications legislation .
Mr. Elling said A.T. & T. 's long-distance revenues per employee had been almost flat since 1990 , fluctuating between $ 100,000 and $ 110,000 for each worker .
Now , with Oracle and PeopleSoft pouring resources into Wall Street lawyers and bankers that would otherwise go toward product development or customer service , SAP thinks it can widen that lead .
The Newseum was developed by the Freedom Forum , a nonpartisan foundation devoted to a free press .
When asked about the Microsoft case in that news conference last spring , Mr. Bush said : ''I am not sympathetic to lawsuits .
Instead , they can buy computing and technology services from outside suppliers like I.B.M. , almost as if a utility , paying only for what they use , on demand .
This means that Intel 's fourth-quarter earnings report , due out in the second week of January , may not tell the full story .
Boeing had expected to deliver 538 planes this year but said in a statement last night that the figure could now come in as low as 500 .
Aetna was something of a blight on the day 's optimism , warning that its first-quarter earnings would be significantly lower than anticipated .
Asked to comment on the Adweek.com article , Michael I. Roth , Interpublic co-chairman and chief executive , said it was ''unfortunate '' that Mr. Nelson ''has chosen to address this private matter through a public forum . ''
Is American Express changing its slogan to ''Do n't leave second grade without it ? ''
David R. Giroux , an investment analyst at T. Rowe Price Associates , a Baltimore money management firm with a small stake in Xerox , sees it that way , too .
The government asserts , however , that the proposed split falls across a clear divisional line at Microsoft .
It has also prompted a big rival , Target , to announce a similar pricing plan recently for some generics .
The current Apple video system , which competes with Microsoft 's Media Center PC software , is now oriented toward Apple 's computers .
nor General Motors has asked the Government to step in -- as the parties did during the U.P.S .
Space in Manhattan that was leased a while back for an annual rent of $ 40 a square foot may reasonably be said to be worth $ 70 a square foot in today 's market , said Mr. Duca at Moody 's Investors Service .
When research showed Gap executives that women over 35 can not be easily categorized because of their eclectic tastes and lifestyles , the company came up with the idea of stocking its stores with four different brands , one in each corner , that address different customer profiles .
Microsoft says it will not appeal court ruling in December that requires company to sell in Europe version of its Windows operating system without its media-playing software ( S )
Technology Briefing | Earnings : Lower Profit For Electronic Arts
Northwest Airlines , bowing to pressure from North Dakota politicians and local airport managers , says it will cut business fares to and from the state as part of six-month trial to stimulate passenger traffic ; fares , discounted as much as 60 percent on connecting flights and 42 percent on nonstop flights , are available immediately for travel from Sept 14 through March 31 , 1999 ; Cathay Pacific is offering round-trip flights to Hong Kong from New York and Los Angeles for $ 399 plus taxes and fees through end of August ; American Express survey of business travelers has found that 65 percent of respondents always or almost always use laptop computer on overnight trips ; new security gates at United Airlines ' Terminal 7 at Los Angeles International Airport , scheduled to open in early September , will allow passengers to go through without switching on their computers ( Business Travel column ) ( M )
Certainly , if the third banker comes out with a midrange valuation , AT & T would pay less than the $ 142 a share that Wall Street had been expecting .
The documents were provided to The New York Times by WakeUpWalMart.com , a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers union , which fears that Wal-Mart will undermine unionized stores .
''In the third quarter , we achieved all-time records in company revenue and unit shipments across all of our major product lines , '' Paul S. Otellini , Intel 's chief executive , said in a statement .
Citicorp , which was advised by Morgan Stanley in its exploratory discussions with the American Express Company , pulled back from the deal , at least for the moment .
Paul R. Hoeber , a San Francisco lawyer representing Mr. Kasky , said that in various responses to its critics , Nike had simply been ''making factual representations to consumers about its own practices to get them to buy its products . ''
Manufacturing has borne brunt of economic slowdown that began in fall , and most companies are bracing for worse to come ; while production has fallen slightly since early summer , overall stagnation obscures widely different patterns in various industries ; most of America 's industrial leaders are eliminating overtime , putting freeze on hiring , scaling back new investment and shrinking number of jobs at their companies ; actions could result in full-blown recession ; strategies in specific industries and at specific companies , including Kohler Co , Motorola , Fluor Corp and Goodman Equipment Corp discussed ; graph ; photos ( M )
Viacom also owns the Paramount movie studio .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday , AT & T said it planned to ask shareholders to approve a 1-for-5 reverse stock split .
When John Riccitiello was president of Electronic Arts , the world 's biggest video game publisher , he was the ultimate industry insider .
On Oct. 30 , Carol J. Loomis -- a reporter and member of the board of editors of Time Warner 's Fortune magazine -- stayed at the Fortune offices until 10:30 P.M. , trying to figure out what turmoil was about to be unleashed at Citigroup .
The American depository receipts of Coca-Cola Femsa fell nearly 15 percent , to $ 18.50 , as investors expressed concerns about the high price for Panamco and the new debt .
During that time , Time Warner has become more comfortable pursuing acquisitions -- despite the S.E.C .
Cisco trades at nearly 80 times its projected earnings for the July 2001 fiscal year , and the company 's valuation exceeds $ 400 billion , trailing only General Electric .
In 2005 , Yahoo paid $ 1 billion in cash for a 40 percent share of Alibaba and handed its China operations over to the Alibaba Group and its chairman and chief executive , Jack Ma , a former English teacher from Hangzhou , where Alibaba is based .
Executives , faced with the need to change the company 's name because of the impending spinoff from AT & T , said that the old NCR name still had far more recognition than the alternatives .
The Pepsi-Cola Company unit of Pepsico Inc. said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with the BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group in New York by naming BBDO Asia-Pacific to handle creative duties for the Pepsi-Cola and Mountain Dew brands in Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam , and media planning and account management duties for its Mirinda and 7Up brands in those countries .
For years , the Roberts family of Philadelphia has been determined to expand Comcast , its midranked cable company , into an industry giant .
Microsoft said yesterday that it supported Mr. Spitzer 's settlement but planned to continue its suit .
The judge in Florida hearing Mr. Perelman 's suit decided that Morgan Stanley had failed to produce evidence and thus had acted so badly that the jury should assume it was in on the fraud .
Pfizer , which is based in New York City , has 46,400 employees spread worldwide .
For one , there is no need to rush into AT & T 's shares now .
This process , one that the individual user normally would not be aware of , takes the U.R.L. , or address , that normally directs a browser request to the server housing the information and converts the address to an A.R.L. , the designator for an Akamai server .
But now that the Republican takeover of the Senate has increased the chances that Congress will pass some form of legislation to curb lawsuits , plaintiffs ' lawyers are showing more willingness to make deals that would enable big companies like Halliburton and Honeywell to settle all their claims while avoiding bankruptcies .
Their reasoning is that the market has already rendered obsolete whatever anticompetitive tactics Intel may have employed in the past .
Accenture , the global consulting giant , has its worldwide head of business-process outsourcing in Bangalore ; by December it expects to have more employees in India than in the United States .
Children are becoming style-conscious at ever younger age ; girls as young as 6 want their clothing to match what is worn by older siblings and even adults , particularly their favorite entertainers ; Tommy Hilfiger 's new line of clothing aimed at girls 6 to 12 is hot seller , as is Donna Karan 's fashion-forward children 's line ; craving for chic extends beyond children who wear designer labels to those of all means ; Target , stylish discount chain , has taken exact styles from women 's ready-to-wear and presented them for fashion- and brand-conscious young girls ; part of reason style is winning converts is heavy ad campaigns aimed right at young consumers by fashion-forward chains like Old Navy and print campaigns by designers like Hilfiger and Karan ; Kay Hymowitz , author of book on children , despairs of what she terms 'deliberate teening of childhood ' ; photo ( M )
Christie 's officials said that Mattel made two other purchases last night .
But that is not the case at Viacom -- which owns media properties including MTV , Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks -- says Sumner M. Redstone , the company 's billionaire chairman .
Microsoft did not disclose the pricing of its new console .
But antitrust experts say the merger could figure into the calculations the court makes on sanctions against Microsoft , if it loses the case , or in any settlement talks .
''We like what we do , we like our Microsoft managers and we like each other , '' said Mr. Turner , who complained that he has to pay $ 3,300 of the nearly $ 60,000 he earns each year toward health insurance premiums .
In addition to fining the company 497 million euros , the commission ordered Microsoft to disclose technical documentation that rival makers of server software need to develop programs that work properly with the Windows operating system .
Two Brazilian breweries that agreed last July to form Latin America 's biggest beverage company accused the Coca-Cola Company today of trying to derail their $ 3.9 billion deal in order to suppress a competitive threat in one of Coke 's most important overseas markets .
DESPITE a series of surprising disclosures about the way it accounts for billions of dollars in revenue from its Medco managed care unit , Merck & Company plans to proceed today with the pricing and initial offering of Medco shares .
NOV. 5 , 1999 -- Judge Jackson , in preliminary findings , declares Microsoft a monopoly .
Citigroup , financial conglomerate hired by New York State to distribute welfare benefits through ATM cards , agrees to install more than 140 new ATM 's in low-income neighborhoods in New York City ( M )
AT & T and Time Warner jointly own the Road Runner high-speed Internet service , and there are other joint ventures .
The letter was signed by Conrad N. Bagne of Alaska Native Wireless , an affiliate of AT & T ; Everett Dobson of the Dobson Communications Corporation ; George D. Crowley Jr. of Salmon PCS , an affiliate of Cingular Wireless ; Dennis F. Strigl of Verizon Wireless ; and John W. Stanton of the VoiceStream Wireless Corporation .
Yahoo Plans To Remain Independent
Shares of Coca-Cola fell 37.5 cents , to $ 62.5625 , after losing about 3.5 percent at one point during the day .
Federal crash records show that through the end of last year , there were only three tire-related deaths in 1996 and 1997 Ford Explorers equipped at the factory with Goodyear tires , compared with 26 such deaths involving Explorers from those two model years equipped with Firestone tires .
ruled that Time Warner had indeed violated the law by blocking ABC from its systems during a sweeps month .
Nike will continue to expand its own sales effort through Nike.com , but it agreed not to sell to any other pure Internet company , including all of sites being developed by Global Sports , for at least six months .
''Even if we were wildly profitable , we would be a footnote on a pimple on a rounding error at Microsoft , '' said Jacob Weisberg , the editor of Slate since 2002 and a major player in the sale , according to executives involved in the deal .
Aetna said on Sept. 29 that it would add $ 161 million ( $ 103 million after taxes ) to pay unforeseen increases in H.M.O .
John Fleming , chief marketing officer at Wal-Mart , subsequently decided the ads ought to address the longtime Wal-Mart selling point of lower prices .
After shopping a bit for the right bank , Capital One selected Hibernia , which is based in New Orleans .
What made shares of the Ford Motor Company plummet yesterday for the second consecutive trading session ?
With the acquisition , Whirlpool hopes to continue expanding in Latin America , while Vitro , the world 's sixth-largest glass producer , continues to shed companies not directly related to glass production .
Morgan Stanley Gets a Lesson On Lawyers And the Law
And the metaphor he chose was the one best devised , that you could imagine , except possibly the Holocaust , to indicate that Microsoft was beneath the pale , beyond the pale . ''
Under Mr. Paz , Express Scripts has made several acquisitions , most recently acquiring Priority Healthcare Corporation for $ 1.3 billion in cash in July 2005 .
But Google is clearly hoping that the service and Writely will give it a head start on Microsoft in the area of so-called Web services .
Using the new chips , device makers can create cellular phones including features of hand-held computers , known as smart phones , that operate five times as fast as today 's models yet run for a month between battery charges , said Albert Fazio , principal engineer in Intel 's Technology and Manufacturing Group .
In an appeal on Jan. 22 , Microsoft called Judge Motz 's order ''extreme and unprecedented . ''
The Bridgestone/Firestone tire defect now blamed for 88 deaths , mainly in Ford Explorers , eluded detection for so long because it occurred infrequently , even though it proved deadlier than many problems that occur more often in vehicles , Ford Motor and Congressional investigators said today .
The Intel Corporation , the world 's largest semiconductor maker , cautioned investors today that its revenues this quarter would fall short of projections .
Floyd Norris ( Market Watch ) column discusses capital gains portion of new tax law signed yesterday by President Clinton ; says legislation was impacted by stock sale by Estee Lauder and her son , Ronald , following initial public offering by Estee Lauder Companies in 1995 ; says new capital gains provision is aimed at curbing practice known as shorting against the box , legal technique Lauders used to avoid paying $ 95 million in capital gains tax ; tactic described ; new law , which would affect other families as well , makes taxes certain only if family member dies at certain date ; Lauder case was extensively discussed when Clinton Administration proposed legislation to prevent people from doing same thing ; relevant section of tax bill concerns what are called 'constructive sales , ' namely transactions that have same economic effect as selling stock but that previously escaped taxation ; photos of Estee Ronald ( M )
On the security side , Mr. Gates said Microsoft , which suffered an embarrassing series of hacker intrusions in October , had been trying to act as a model for other companies by instituting a pilot program using ''smart cards '' to restrict access to the inner workings of the company 's computer networks .
''The AT & T case was about physical assets primarily , '' he noted , ''while with Microsoft we are largely talking about human capital -- very smart people . ''
The tanker deal is the second controversy this year to involve Boeing , the world 's largest aerospace company , and the Pentagon .
Nation 's largest health insurers , which recruited elderly people to Medicare Health Maintenance Organizations by dangling free prescriptions , are eliminating drug coverage or demanding sharply higher payments for drugs and treatments from some of their sickest members ; companies say they are losing so much money providing drug coverage that they have to limit what they offer if they are to stay in Medicare market ; Secure Horizons is raising co-payments for drugs in eight states where it operates ; Kaiser Permanente has placed new ceilings on drug payments ; Aetna US Healthcare eliminated drug coverage last year ; Health Net , formerly PHS Health Plans , set $ 750 annual limit for drug costs for each member in Brooklyn and Queens this year , down from $ 1,000 in 2001 ( M )
Unlike the government 's requested relief , Microsoft 's proposal is based on the evidence received at trial and the Findings of Fact and Conclusions of the Law entered by the Court .
Comcast eventually wants to have 10,000 hours of programming available for viewing on its servers .
We were able to switch back and forth between Mac OS 9 and the OS X beta systems , and even work in old software programs and print documents in what Apple calls the Classic environment , which flips you back into OS 9 for using older software programs .
Microsoft has done so in Europe , but the commission is investigating whether the pared-down Windows complies with the commission order .
Dr. Jacobs , who helped direct the Biogen study , said that it was not possible to say which form of beta interferon was better .
Sales at General Motors dropped only 4.6 percent while those for the Chrysler unit of DaimlerChrysler fell 10 percent .
Pharmacia 's antidepressant Edronax overlaps with Zoloft from Pfizer , for example .
United Auto Workers union agrees to baby-step rollback of its vaunted 'first dollar ' health care coverage , which has long made assembly work at Big Three automaker one of most attractive blue-collar jobs in America ; workes at General Motors , Ford Motor Co and Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler pay no deductibles or monthly premiums under coverage ; union agreed this year to let Chrysler start imposing first deductible to be paid by Big Three workers , ranging from $ 100 to $ 1,000 for workers or retirees who use preferred provider organization , known as PPO 's ; Chrysler ; while Chrysler will reap only modest savings from step , and while auto workers still have coverage that is envy of many white-collar workers , move is deeply symbolic and sign of union 's acknowledgment of competitive pressure from foreign-based competitors ; photo ( M )
The General Motors Corporation announced two steps today to streamline its sprawling operations , putting all North American car making activities under a single executive and assigning the man who built G.M .
Shares of Applied Materials fell $ 4.41 , or 9.5 percent , to close at $ 41.95 .
While Ms. Wiggins and other analysts say that developing a wireless system could be costly and cumbersome -- with competing and incompatible systems trying to transmit bulky data and video into wireless units -- officials at Motorola and Cisco say their vision of a world where automobiles could get tuneups by wireless signals and sales executives could obtain company information from a remote place is just beyond the horizon .
Aetna said it was also cutting 1,120 jobs from regional operations , including sales , and 580 jobs in other areas , including information technology and human resources .
If the Singapore company merged with its Hong Kong counterpart , the joint venture with News would become a region-wide service , serving nearly one million Internet subscribers in the two cities .
Before its private show this week , Mattel eliminated about 25 percent of the Harry Potter toys it originally designed .
But this year , Amazon increased the offerings to publishers so that now $ 10,000 is the price tag for a premium package for a newly released computer book -- consideration that includes the top slot on the computer home page , an author profile or interview and ''complete Amazon.com editorial review treatment . ''
The reason this kind of breakup was ''an attractive alternative , '' the executive said , was that it would alter Microsoft 's current relations with the software industry .
Interpublic Agencies Reorganize Top Staff
Intel says it has encountered few signs of economic recovery in second quarter and it expects weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand rest of year ; plans cost-cutting measures , including cut in capital spending and elimination of about 4,000 jobs , almost 5 percent of work force ; says it earned $ 446 million in quarter , up 133 percent from year-earlier quarter ; revenue was $ 6.32 billion , slightly less than $ 6.33 billion reported year ago , as well as 7 percent lower than first quarter ; Apple Computer says its sales and revenues slumped in recent quarter and that earnings could be well below Wall Street 's expectations ; Motorola Inc says its net loss jumped to $ 2.32 billion from $ 759 milion year ago ; revenue declined 10 percent from year earlier , to $ 6.74 billion ( M )
AirTran Airways said yesterday that it had completed a deal with the Boeing Company to add six 717 's to its fleet and take delivery of 50 737 's by 2008 .
Under its partnership agreement , Vodafone , which owns a 45 percent stake in Verizon Wireless , can not own more than 20 percent of Verizon Wireless and own a competing operation at the same time .
Commercial offering humorous salute to pitfalls of live television will be shown on first live episode of sitcom Will & Grace on NBC ; commercial is for Neutrogena line of skin care and cosmetics products sold by Johnson & Johnson , which is a regular advertiser on show ( S )
That Katie Couric is leaving her post at the ''Today '' show to anchor the ''CBS Evening News '' came as little surprise to many of the screaming , smiling , poster-waving fans who descended early yesterday on Rockefeller Center , where the morning show is broadcast .
He joined Boeing in 1997 after serving as chief executive of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation , which Boeing bought for $ 18 billion .
On that basis , Pfizer reported earnings of $ 3.8 billion , or 51 cents a share , a drop of 7 percent from 2004 .
Chevron 's stock closed at $ 79.88 , up 31 cents a share .
Expedia , in particular , developed a reputation for arrogance , and a few chains , notably InterContinental Hotels , withdrew their properties from the site .
Before Mr. Gerstner pulled the company out of its tailspin , I.B.M .
That approach delights the photo processors who are among Kodak 's biggest customers .
But Charlene Li , an analyst with Forrester Research , warned that these businesses would soon face formidable competition from Yahoo , MSN , AOL and Google .
Boeing shares , which tumbled after the attacks , are down 43.11 percent this year , to $ 37.55 , and Northrop Grumman has gained 13.75 percent this year , to $ 94.41 .
One retired senior Chevron executive recalled that during his management years he was paired with a Texaco counterpart on a joint venture .
That change to the commercials is meant to ''heighten the humor and makes them funnier , '' said Steve Bassett , senior vice president and group creative director at Martin , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
New York City lawmakers harshly criticize Bloomberg administration 's plan to give many more public school principals wider autonomy in September ; tell Eric Nadelstern , head of school systems empowerment initiative , that there is not enough evidence of success among 322 principals who received additional authority this academic year to justify expanding program ; Schools Chancellor Joel I Klein announces award of five-year , $ 80 million contract to IBM to develop vast new storehouse of educational data to track individual progress of city 's nearly 1.1 million students ; program will be used to give each student letter grade from A to F and will show whether principals are meeting their performance targets ( M )
Aetna , which also lost track of medical costs as it struggled to integrate the U.S. Healthcare business it bought last year for $ 8.2 billion , suffered less damage .
Carnival , the world 's largest cruise line , said that the 16 cases in which passengers said they had been raped by crew members represented a lower incidence of crime shown in statistics for cities and towns .
The Macintosh software design allowed for multibutton mice , but Apple shied away from such a design despite much grumbling among Macintosh users , who have been forced to use both hands as well as the control keys on the computer keyboard to perform certain functions .
Cisco is now the No .
Among its points , the suit would challenge what it calls ''tying , '' a practice that in recent years allowed Microsoft to dominate the markets for word processing , spreadsheet and other programs by bundling them in software ''suites . ''
Negotiators for the United Automobile Workers union and the Ford Motor Company were guardedly optimistic this evening that they could reach a new national labor contract , as work at factories continued despite expiration of the old contract at midnight on Saturday .
''This ruling goes to the heart of Microsoft 's bundling strategy , '' said Andrew I. Gavil , a professor of law at Howard University .
Fox was interested but rigid about what creative rights it would cede to Microsoft , the three people said .
No one argues that Microsoft 's pricing strategies alone are responsible for the sharp decline of these competing suites .
The commission 's court filing makes clear that Morgan Stanley objected to the commission 's subpoena on grounds that it was overly broad in seeking more information than might be necessary to determine whether the firm discriminated against Ms. Schieffelin .
They note that the ''commingling '' finding is in a portion of the decision that focuses on giving computer users the option of removing Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser if they choose .
Earlier this year , Boeing announced it would eliminate 6,200 jobs in Long Beach , most of that the result of phasing out production of the MD-80 and MD-90 .
AT & T has licensed Internet navigation software from Netscape Communications Inc. , and has secured the rights to a variety of other software tools that the company said would make it easy to find and use information on the global computer network .
In 18 months from now , in December 2005 , Wal-Mart must decide whether to exercise an option to buy 54 percent , or majority control .
to police the provisions in the settlement because Time Warner is engaged in dozens of negotiations with cable operators and programmers at any one time .
The Chevron Corporation , the nation 's third-biggest oil company , and Texaco Inc. , the fourth largest , have held preliminary talks about a possible deal , according to a person close to one of the companies .
BellSouth , which has not yet announced any plans to offer TV programming , is expected to adopt AT & T 's television strategy in the nine Southern states where it operates .
So I.B.M .
''One night -- the day after Thanksgiving -- I came in and could n't open the front door because it was an official Marriott holiday and they had the keys , '' Mr. Tully said .
The McDonnell and Rockwell deals are likely to help Mr. Condit reach his goal of smoothing out Boeing 's cycle of booms and busts .
Cablevision , Time Warner Cable and Cox Communications sign agreements with NBA TV to carry cable basketball channel and its 96 live games ( M )
Correction : May 13 , 2005 , Friday The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday , about a decision by General Motors to move its United States media buying from agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies , misstated the scope of an earlier decision by Unilever to shift some duties from an Interpublic agency called Initiative .
The cost of the brand transformation will top $ 500 million , but Kodak will not disclose how much goes for advertising .
''If Intel and other semiconductor technology companies can develop silicon optically as successfully as they have electronically , then silicon is certainly set to grow in stature as an optical material , '' Graham Reed , a physicist at the University of Surrey in England , wrote in a commentary on the Intel paper that was also published in the journal .
General Motors concluded two years of negotiations for Daewoo Motor today , saying that it would sign an agreement on Tuesday to take over Daewoo for an initial payment of $ 400 million .
It was , as even Home Depot executives will concede , a 37-minute fiasco .
The city tried to force Time Warner to add Fox News to its lineup , but Time Warner went to court to stop the city and won a judgment that the city is now appealing .
Neither Wal-Mart nor NPR would reveal what it pays as an NPR sponsor .
The spokesman also said the News Corporation had no direct control over EchoStar and no direct financial investment in ''adult '' films .
''It 's business as usual for Microsoft , '' said David Readerman , an analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners in San Francisco .
Mr. McFarland spent his entire career with General Mills , the Minneapolis food giant , which as recently as the 1960 's had been primarily a flour miller and a maker of breakfast foods and cake mixes .
Spokesmen for Aetna and New York Life said company policy forbade them from discussing reports of pending transactions .
In the past , AT & T has contracted with local phone service providers like the Nynex Corporation to provide long-distance bills to its customers .
United Technologies Corp is cutting its worldwide work force by 14,500 jobs , or about 10 percent of its 142,500 employees , as it wrestles with continuing decline in aerospace portion of its business ; job cuts , which add 9,200 to 5,300 announced earlier this year , are part of revamping that will result in $ 1.15 billion charge against earnings in 1999 and eliminate 8.5 million square feet of factory and office space ; chief executive George David comments ( M )
Next year , Amgen hopes to win approval for a new version of Neupogen .
One of those special procedures , said Citigroup 's chief operations and technology officer , Debby Hopkins , included scanning the bar code on each package , rather than scanning only the single bar code on the shipment manifest , which is a summary document listing all the packages being moved in one shipment .
There are not many such companies left to buy , he said , but there are certainly a lot of banks left to add to Capital One 's portfolio .
Oracle will continue its full-court press for PeopleSoft this week when it plans to ask a judge to dismantle one of the last obstacles .
Microsoft also said that after reviewing the judge 's order the company intended to push ahead with its planned introduction of Windows 98 in the second quarter of next year .
When the Airbus A380 superjumbo jet took to the skies at the Paris Air Show , executives from Boeing crowded an observation deck here to gawk at the plane , the new flagship of a European company that is embroiled in a trade battle with Boeing .
Toyota made more than General Motors , Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler combined .
In California , the MCI Communications Corporation and A.T. & T. are each seeking permission to provide toll service between nearby communities that are currently linked only by local telephone companies : San Francisco to San Jose , for example , or Los Angeles to Orange County .
Citigroup was picked as the sole financial adviser to Whyte & Mackay after Mr. Mallya made an unsolicited offer for the company last year .
''There is absolutely a role for us in what we call the low end , '' said Ed Graczyk , director of marketing for Microsoft TV .
Justice Dept and 19 state attorneys general are at odds about antitrust suits they filed together against Microsoft Corp almost two years ago ; states reportedly feel Justice Dept is trying to ram through inadequate settlement proposal without involving them ; lawyer close to settlement talks says states are tring to snatch credit for sinking talks in part because they feel left out ; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson has made it clear that he wants state and federal litigants to cooperate , and to present to him only one remedy proposal ( M )
And the strong dollar has damped the numbers Xerox can report from still-healthy sales in Europe .
Last month , Morgan Stanley reported a steep decrease in its earnings because of some wrong bets on the direction of interest rates by its bond traders .
Motorola said that it expected earnings per share to be zero to 2 cents a share in the first three months of this year , 3 cents below the current consensus of analysts as tracked by Thomson First Call .
If approved by regulators and by shareholders of both companies , BP Amoco , as the company is to be known , would be the world 's third-largest multinational oil company in terms of net income after the Exxon Corporation and the Royal Dutch/ Shell Group of Companies .
Healthy Sales At AT & T And Verizon
Even Mary Meeker , the Morgan Stanley analyst who helped persuade the companies to combine three years ago , downgraded AOL Time Warner shares yesterday .
Intel , the largest chip maker , had recently backed down somewhat after it was challenged by privacy advocates over the identity feature , agreeing that at least some processors for the consumer market would be made in a way that requires the user to activate the feature .
For example , BellSouth and Cingular will be able to route more long-distance calls on the AT & T national network , and the companies will not have to pay each other fees to terminate calls on their networks .
When Amazon announced results for the fourth quarter of last year , one number it pointed to was pro forma operating loss as a percentage of revenues , which fell to 6 percent in that quarter .
So far , Wal-Mart , Kmart and Sears appear to be steering clear of at least one clothing element : shoes .
He said that while Amazon had $ 650 million in cash , his company would not need to raise additional cash unless for ''strategic reasons . ''
Wal-Mart Resists Pressure In 'Brokeback ' DVD Sales
Merck , which paid $ 6.6 billion for Medco in 1993 , will not retain Medco shares or seats on its board .
But Microsoft is asking the appeals court , the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , to reconsider its finding that the company illegally blended , or ''commingled , '' browsing and operating system codes .
He said Microsoft spent roughly equal time at the hearing addressing the two specific accusations .
American Express Third-Quarter Earnings More Than Double
Mr. Baseler of Boeing said Airbus was using ''smoke and mirrors , '' because it was comparing planes with different numbers of seats .
A leading privacy group intends to file a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission about Microsoft 's plans to bundle its Passport identification system for collecting personal information into its new Windows XP operating system .
Now , Mr. Case says , he wants to evolve once more as chairman of Time Warner : ''I hope my personal legacy is not about making money .
The International Business Machines Corporation , the Loral Corporation , the AT & T Corporation and Motorola Inc. will jointly attempt to use X-ray beams to create extremely fine line widths on silicon wafers , possibly one four-hundredth of the diameter of a human hair .
In an effort to build a nationwide wireless communications company to match those envisioned by companies like AT & T , the Bell Atlantic and Nynex Corporations plan to merge their cellular companies into a single business that will operate from Maine to Virginia .
A few years ago , the company began selling clothing and specialty items like gourmet food by persuading third-party retailers to sell their products through the Amazon.com Web site .
Still , he argued , Microsoft had behaved and spent research and development money as if it did face competitive threats , particularly from the International Business Machines Corporation , which introduced the unsuccessful OS/2 operating system almost 10 years ago .
Microsoft and Yahoo , AOL 's two big rivals , also announced yesterday that they would link their instant-messaging services , a move that appeared to intensify Time Warner 's need to show that it is taking action , Mr. Nathanson said .
In addition to the $ 50 million combined value of yesterday 's settlement , Hasbro Inc. of Pawtucket , R.I. , agreed last December to pay $ 6 million in cash and toys to resolve its portion of the case .
''It 's not about one shore or another shore , '' an I.B.M .
But Cisco 's chief executive , John Chambers , has engineered a recovery that has left the company in surprisingly strong financial shape despite the continued technology recession , and Cisco Systems may be in a position to dip back into the telecommunications waters , wiser for its troubles .
Coke announced this week that it would start counting against its yearly earnings the options it grants employees .
In the four years before Enron 's bankruptcy , J. P. Morgan Chase engaged in seven prepays that lent $ 2.6 billion to the company , while Citigroup lent it a total of $ 3.8 billion over two and a half years .
Group of 2,139 former employees of International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) sues Internal Revenue Service seeking $ 46 million of income tax refunds ; contend severance packages they received when their jobs were eliminated should not be taxed ; IRS replies ( S )
The AT & T project was a cornerstone of that strategy .
Yahoo 's net income for the quarter was $ 142.4 million , or 10 cents a share , down from $ 159.9 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier .
At the center are the members of the reclusive Bancroft family , caught between their long-held belief in newspaper ownership as a public trust and the company 's slumping share price , and Mr. Murdoch , one of the most successful -- and certainly most polarizing -- media barons .
A few cameras ( Kodak , H. P. , Samsung , Nikon ) even offer true optical zoom while filming , although you may hear the lens zooming on the soundtrack .
Mr. Cassidy said that while the 1999 consolidation of Fleet and BankBoston caused widespread layoffs and customer complaints , that should not happen with the new deal because Fleet and Bank of America are not competitors in the local market .
The sanction , imposed by NASD , concerned sales of stock that Morgan Stanley affiliates had acquired , at prices well below the public offering price , months before Morgan Stanley took the companies public .
In preliminary conversations with retailers , Mr. Farah said he had heard no hints that they might cut their orders for Lauren/Ralph Lauren .
More than 16,000 engineers and technical workers at Boeing Co go on strike after contract negotiations break down over wages and health care coverage ; walkout , only second in last 56 years for Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace union , is not expected to hurt Boeing 's in the near-term ; photo ( M )
Adobe , based in San Jose , Calif. , has a current market value of $ 1.65 billion .
A Microsoft spokesman , Adam Sohn , said , ''Live.com is the set of services you use in your everyday life , and MSN becomes the place you go to get some content . ''
When asked if it was not common practice for advertisers to divide image and product accounts between two agencies , Mr. Herbold replied : ''You do n't want to confuse consumers as to what Microsoft is .
To be sure , Brian L. Roberts , the chairman and chief executive of Comcast , has not given up .
EBay has also hired Juleanna Glover Weiss of the Ashcroft Group , a lobbying firm in Washington founded by John Ashcroft , the former United States attorney general , to help with communications efforts related to the case and patent issues in general .
The 55-year-old software entrepreneur , whose wealth has come close in recent months to rivaling that of William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , said his company had done nothing wrong in commissioning the investigation , which came to light this month after the detective agency was linked to a failed attempt to buy the trash of the Association for Competitive Technology , a Microsoft ally .
''In the last three , four years , nothing has stood out as a really breakout product , '' said William R. Young , an analyst at Credit Suisse who has a neutral rating on DuPont shares .
Despite these bold moves , Home Depot did not even know it was looking for a fix-it man when Mr. Nardelli hit its radar in the fall of 2000 .
Federal Aviation Administration , in radical new approach , will skip competitive bidding and will choose Lockheed Martin Corp to design and build replacement for heart of its antiquated long-distance air traffic control system ; Lockheed owns most of Loral Corp , air traffic control company that was main contractor in agency 's earlier failed automation project ; officials cite Lockheed 's familiarity with system over last few years ; say familiarity is essential since agency must install new computers before 2008 , when replacement parts become unavailable ; say awarding contract to other bidders would only be waste of time and money ; photo ( M )
Chocolate boutiques have cropped up , Starbucks-like , on every corner .
Although Procter works with few agencies owned by Omnicom , because several Omnicom agencies work for Unilever , it may decide to keep Gillette brands like Mach3 razors , Right Guard deodorant and the Gillette Series toiletries at BBDO .
I.B.M .
The campaign will highlight the claim that the new Office XP software will be easier to use , allowing Microsoft to hide the Clippy feature from view and instead offer help in a less intrusive fashion .
''Wal-Mart recognizes that this is not going to go as fast as they wanted , '' Mr. Dannon said .
In his decision , Judge Murphy noted that I.B.M .
In the second quarter of 2004 , I.B.M .
Time Warner appears to be in no hurry to complete a deal .
Southwest Airlines is only airline with chance to post profit this year after terrorist attacks ; carrier is reaping benefits of strategy that favors use of smaller airports ; it has not announced layoffs or schedule cutbacks , though flights will be eliminated if business does not pick up ; in effort to get travelers back , Southwest could begin national broadcasting ad campaign that will include new fare sales on some flights ; photo ( M )
That performance has helped depress the stock price , making Dow Jones an attractive takeover target for Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation , whose bid for the company sent the stock price soaring .
I.B.M .
The supply agreement is the first signed by Motorola under a strategic policy announced last year that emphasizes selling to other manufacturers technology that Motorola previously developed for its own cellphone unit .
-- of those Nike commercials is emblematic of the increasing efforts by advertisers and agencies to embed marketing messages in editorial content .
Apparently , Time Warner has casual dress five days a week , one America Online senior executive said yesterday with some relief .
In January , only a couple of months before its public offering , Selectica proudly announced that its system had been chosen to run Cisco 's World Wide Web site .
Microsoft executives disputed the AOL account and said they merely tried to persuade AOL to drop its exclusive relationship with RealNetworks and give consumers a choice of digital media players .
But the warning carries particular weight coming from Moody 's , whose judgments are closely watched in the financial markets .
Whirlpool said its own studies suggested that customers would move to Sears , Best Buy , Lowe 's and other outlets , where Whirlpool was a dominant player with its brands that include Whirlpool , Roper and KitchenAid .
The company has not forgotten about those who want to look but not touch : Adobe Reader 6.0 , which can be used to view and print PDF files , will be available to download free at Adobe 's Web site .
Citigroup said yesterday that it was blocking transactions on bank cards used in three countries , the latest sign of a card system breach that has prompted a number of banks to reissue thousands of debit cards .
A key reason for the expectation of flat earnings is that Apple will air freight the machines from East Asia to the United States during the current quarter to try to meet the sizable backlog of orders .
A former Digital employee and member of the Shark team said tonight that it was not until after the project had been canceled that the researchers were told of Microsoft 's objection to the project by Robert Supnik , Digital 's vice president of research and advanced development .
While Mr. Murdoch went to great pains to explain that he sees himself as a lifelong newspaperman who learned journalism from his father in Australia , he also tried to say that his reputation as an interloper owner was overstated .
The Marsh & McLennan Companies , the world 's largest insurance broker , reported a 57 percent drop in profit in its second quarter yesterday as it struggled to reorganize after a confrontation with regulators over accusations of rigging bids and steering clients to the highest-paying insurers .
Caldera Inc and Microsoft Corp settle suit that accused Microsoft of anticompetitive practices ; Microsoft says it will record one-time charge of about 3 cents a share against earnings in quarter ended March 31 ; that would total at least $ 154 million ; case was to go to trial on Feb 1 ( S )
If so , its styling may already be taking shape in the brain of J. Mays , a fast-rising designer who recently took the top design job at the Ford Motor Company .
Ford Motor Co says it will produce fewer Ford Excursion sport utility vehicles during the 2001 model year , but attributes cutback to weak consumer demand for the vehicle rather than the company 's concerns about its safety and environmental problems ; company spokesman says Ford will cut production rate for the Excursion to 52,000 a year this summer , from 69,000 a year now ( M )
''That would be a formidable task that would take more money than Microsoft would be willing to commit , '' he said .
In addition , Motorola said that orders for semiconductors were starting to balance with production .
Rights holders say their demands have pushed eBay into taking a stronger stance .
Last week Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer , shook its rivals in Germany , Metro A.G. and Karstadt A.G. , with discounts of as much as 20 percent on hundreds of items .
According to Ms. Kennedy , Starbucks plans to use them not only for the egg sandwiches , which are assembled and frozen off-site , but to provide warmed scones and hot lunch sandwiches as well .
While Mr. Stern and Canary benefited by reaping up to $ 40 million in profits , Bank of America gained substantial commissions from Mr. Stern 's trades .
For the time being , there 's the appearance of normalcy at Intel , but underneath they are facing the same kind of turmoil . ''
After the close of trading today , Motorola reported that it had an operating profit of $ 40 million , or 7 cents a share , excluding special charges , down from $ 308 million , or 51 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
Mr. Rollins outlined several personal computer products that the company planned to introduce this year , and all of them will use Intel chips .
Nike Inc says it will supplement its long-running theme , 'Just do it , ' with new slogan , 'I can ' ; television campaign , created by Nike 's lead worldwide creative agency , Wieden & Kennedy , will feature 'I Can ' theme beginning on New Year 's Day ( S )
An AT & T executive , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said that AT & T could not begin serious discussions until Time Warner resolved its dispute with U S West , which currently owns 25.5 percent of Time Warner 's cable-TV systems .
Wal-Mart shares fell 10 percent last month , though they gained 33 cents yesterday , to close at $ 53.02 .
But from primarily selling routers to corporations to manage internal data , Cisco has shifted its emphasis to major telephone service providers , to which it offers a vision of multiple services over their networks .
That is when General Motors plans to announce an unusual 10-year commitment to underwrite the future film projects of Ken Burns .
Boeing was named in the suit because mechanical failure has not been ruled out , Mr. Baker said .
The manufacturers describe their relationships with Wal-Mart as complicated but ultimately collaborative .
The Oracle Corporation 's Network Computer Inc. unit scored a tactical victory over the Microsoft Corporation yesterday , announcing a contract from a British cable company to supply key software for Internet-ready television set-top boxes .
The purchase would not be likely to impact Carnival earnings next year , the company said , but would add to earnings in 2001 .
New York Times Co and Starbucks Coffee Co agree to sale of New York Times newspapers in Starbucks stores for three years in exchange for Times 's advertising promotion of Starbucks ( S )
The work on Viagra for the United States will be led by McCann HumanCare , a recently formed health care marketing division of McCann , part of the McCann Worldgroup of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
And with Cisco and its kin so expensive , Mr. Sagawa predicted , investors would react badly to a slowdown .
FAA warns that some Boeing 747 's have fuel-pump part that can wear out after a few flights and possibly lead to fuel-tank explosion ; issues emergency order to reduce risk of potentially explosive sparks from pumps in move that will cut range of newest plants by 400 miles ( M )
Merck says that Vioxx has not been linked to arrhythmias .
With the new evidence , Government lawyers say they plan to show that Microsoft used its dominant position in the market for computer operating systems to force companies that competed with it in other areas to cede the market to Microsoft .
Boeing Co wins approval European Commission approval for merger with McDonnell Douglas Corp , averting trade war between European Union and United States ; agrees not to enforce exclusive-supplier provisions of pacts with three United States airlines ; dispute involved major display of power by European Competition Minister , Karel van Miert , and clear sign that European leaders seek to impose their will on global companies regardless of territorial boundaries ; experts say increasing economic globalization makes more such disputes inevitable ; graphs ( M )
Mr. Rickard said the Eckerd stores would be renamed CVS .
You can add your own audio files or buy music using Yahoo Music Unlimited , a wireless music store .
Bank of America shifts campaign to 'higher standards . '
The Environmental Protection Agency and the United Parcel Service plan to announce a test project today demonstrating a new type of transmission that could save energy and reduce pollution .
The combined company 's brokers will offer clients research from Prudential , as well as from other firms , including Wachovia .
James Burke , senior director for North American product operations for Motorola in its headquarters in Libertyville , Ill. , near Chicago , acknowledged that ''phones are clearly getting more and more complicated in terms of what we can put into them . ''
Time Warner provides cable television service in parts of Brooklyn and Queens and is the dominant cable provider in Staten Island and Manhattan .
''If the network computers catch fire at all , they have the possibility of really retarding growth of personal computers , and that 's really scary for us , '' said Steve Ballmer , Microsoft 's executive vice president .
William Cornish , a professor at the University of Cambridge and a leading authority in intellectual property law , will appear as a star witness for the commission to argue why it is vital to competition that Microsoft be forced to reveal the Windows code .
Many critics , including competitors like Verizon and AT & T have argued that the best course would be to force WorldCom to liquidate and use all of its resources toward paying back creditors and shareholders .
As chief scientist of the Internet portal Yahoo , Dr. Udi Manber had a profound problem : how to differentiate human intelligence from that of a machine .
Intel Is Set to Announce A Chip of Many Functions
AT & T said it was canceling the service , which connected Notes users over AT & T 's telephone network , because it had been made obsolete by the rise of the Internet .
But Mr. Gettelfinger sought simultaneous deals with Ford , Chrysler and General Motors , before the expiration of the contracts this past Sunday .
The Nike Women 's Marathon pays tribute to the idea that running geeks can also be girly girls by mixing athletic offerings like gait analysis and sports massage with free facials the day before the race .
Defending its plan to break up the Microsoft Corporation , the government filed documents with a federal judge tonight that disparaged Microsoft 's alternative proposal as ''a cosmetic remedy that would have virtually no competitive significance . ''
Asked if he was familiar with the substance of the conduct the court found to be unlawful , Mr. Gates told a lawyer for the nine states opposing Microsoft , ''I know the 12 violations . ''
Microsoft is developing graphical password system that relies on complex images rather than easily forgettable passwords ; drawing ( M )
Microsoft shares are vulnerable because the company 's phenomenal valuation reflects investors ' assumptions of sustained hypergrowth .
Always game for something new , he applied for a job and was hired , but it took several weeks for Whole Foods to match his talents to his current position .
Shareholders of AMR , the parent company of American Airlines , rejected at the annual meeting on Wednesday two proposals aimed at setting controls on executive pay .
For the quarter ended July 31 , Wal-Mart said net income dropped to $ 2.08 billion , or 50 cents a share , from $ 2.81 billion , or 67 cents a share a year earlier -- primarily because of its decision to withdraw from Germany , which resulted in an $ 863 million special charge against earnings .
That move will put additional pressure on Johnson & Johnson to consider making a counter-offer .
''It is high time Merck did something substantive on the marketing front for its brand name , '' said Gary M. Stibel , principal at the New England Consulting Group in Westport , Conn. ''Merck is a wonderful company with a great reputation , but it needs to get the word out . ''
Anime did not provide statistics on how many viewers watch its on-demand programs , but Comcast said it was among the most widely viewed of the free on-demand programming .
Both Omnicom and WPP have already reported results for those periods , which were robust .
On one side is Amazon.com , the giant on-line bookseller ( market value $ 5.5 billion ) , led by its 35-year-old Seattle-based founder , Jeffrey P. Bezos .
For now , though , the speculation of a merger with a foreign giant like Citigroup or Credit Suisse has abated .
An analyst at Goldman Sachs in London , Simon Weeden , said that he did not expect the claims to be taken seriously and that a spinoff of Vodafone 's stake in Verizon Wireless would create complex tax issues and would dilute shareholder rights .
Shoppers can compare different speeds for broadband connections or watch television delivered over Verizon 's fiber optic system .
Perhaps as important as his promise to protect Dow Jones 's integrity was Mr. Murdoch 's promise to invest in the company , which increasingly must compete against much larger providers of news and financial information .
Although the growth of Macintosh clone makers like Power Computing Inc. and Motorola Inc. mean that the Macintosh platform 's total market share has not declined as precipitously as has Apple 's , it is still dwarfed by PC 's based on Microsoft software and Intel chips .
Mr. Dorman , currently AT & T 's president , is set to take over as chairman and chief executive once AT & T completes the sale of its cable television operation to Comcast later this year .
Just as important , SpinApps underscores the reliance of I.B.M .
Time Warner 's agreement to sell its music business to Edgar Bronfman Jr and group of investors prompts EMI Group to withdraw its offer for part of division , leaving EMI without partner at time when industry profits are shrinking and two of its largest competitors plan to join forces ( M )
But that idea was challenged by lawyers suing Wal-Mart , by a cleaner 's affidavit and by several individuals who said they had contacted Wal-Mart 's headquarters to complain about the treatment of illegal immigrant janitors .
Sometime in the next two or three months , a diverse alliance of state and federal officials -- some elected , some appointed , some Democrats , some Republicans -- must reach agreement on one of the thorniest public policy issues of the day : what to do with the Microsoft Corporation if , as expected , a federal judge finds the company guilty of violating the nation 's antitrust laws .
In its response on Thursday , Intel called A.M.D .
Pfizer Gets Mixed Verdict in British Lipitor Patent Case
In a major lift for Wal-Mart , Japanese consumers are increasingly price-conscious , gripped by the sensation that their incomes are flattening or declining .
Though Texas Instruments is probably selling its memory chip operations at a loss , analysts pointed instead to the avoidance of continuing losses in that division .
But Netscape Navigator -- software that primarily allows people to browse the World Wide Web -- is not an operating system , and the appeals judges said that Netscape had no interest and little capacity to supplant Microsoft in the market for operating systems .
THIRTY-TWO years ago , Gordon Moore , co-founder of the Intel Corporation , and a Michigan inventor named Stanford Ovshinsky collaborated on a technical article about a promising new type of computer memory that did not rely on silicon but rather on a thin film of germanium , tin , tungsten and other elements .
''Japan has been and continues to be one of the most important markets in the world for Starbucks , '' he said in an interview .
Arts , Briefly column ; Wal-Mart , after ordering thousands of copies , decides not to sell America ( the Book ) , by Jon Stewart and others from The Daily Show because picture of nine nude figures with heads of US Supreme Court Justices might be deemed offensive by its customers ; photo ( M )
In the second round of grants being announced today , I.B.M .
Stepping up the competition to define a standard format for electronic publishing , Microsoft and Adobe Systems both announced rival alliances intended to strengthen their respective positions in the growing market .
Microsoft promised that Windows 95 was more stable and prone to fewer unexpected crashes .
On another front , Dr. Rowe said Aetna was renegotiating open-ended contracts for certain hospital services that were ballooning .
Xerox 's competitors have taken advantage of the chaos .
In the book , ''Competing on Internet Time : Lessons from Netscape and Its Battle with Microsoft , '' the authors , Michael A. Cusumano of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management and David B. Yoffie of the Harvard Business School , quote a Microsoft executive as saying that only by its third version was the browser fully integrated with Windows .
A lawsuit was filed in federal court Tuesday accusing I.B.M .
World chess champion Garry Kasparov and International Business Machines Corp -- creator of Deep Blue , world 's most accomplished chess computer -- announce second six-game match to be held May 3-10 at Millennium Broadway Hotel in Manhattan ; $ 1.1 million prize fund will be put up by IBM , with $ 700,000 earmarked for winner ; Kasparov defeated Deep Blue , 4-2 , in landmark match in Feb ; IBM project manager C J Tan comments ; photos ( M )
Trial lawyers say Microsoft Corp is likely to face class-action lawsuits arising from malicious computer viruses and worms that have exploited security flaws in Microsoft software ; software companies have so far sidestepped liability suits partly by selling customers license to use their programs -- not actual ownership -- with lengthy list of caveats and disclaimers , but whether software industry can remain beyond reach of product liability is still not certain ( M )
Critics have also said the decree will not discourage Microsoft from using its monopoly power in one market to squash rivals in markets that have emerged since the case began .
He also accused the commission of saying one thing to Microsoft and another to the court in Luxembourg that is hearing the company 's appeal of last year 's decision .
Aetna 's decision is a sharp shift in one of the most contentious health care policy issues in decades .
IBM agrees to pay $ 320 million to current and former employees to settle in part class-action lawsuit over its pension plan ; case may affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofit organizations ; under settlement , IBM 's liability in case will be limited to additional $ 1.4 billion if courts uphold ruling that new pension plan discriminates against its older workers and is illegal ; agreement comes as Federal District Court Judge G Patrick Murphy was preparing to rule on how much IBM should pay to 130,000 current and former employees ; he ruled year ago that company discriminated against its older workers in 1990 's when it changed its traditional pension plan twice , leaving them with so-called cash-balance plan , which combines some features of traditional pensions with other features of 401 ( k ) plans ; at heart of case is whether cash-balance pension plans by definition discriminate against older workers ; since 1995 , fifth of large companies have converted to cash-balance plans , which allow employees to accrue benefits at fixed rate over their careers and permits companies to shrink long-term pension debt and reap accounting gains while still providing benefits to employees ( M )
But many of the current bids have surged well beyond what AT & T and Sprint paid for their licenses last year .
One expert for the plaintiffs found that at 20 large retail competitors , 57 percent of the managers were women , compared with 33 percent at Wal-Mart .
Yesterday , another hefty Citigroup investor , the New York State Common Retirement Fund , said it also planned to withhold votes for Mr. Weill and Mr .
But , while some community leaders reacted angrily when Kodak executives met with them at 7 A.M. yesterday , others took the news philosophically , if sadly .
Meanwhile , the executive who spoke with Procter officials over the weekend said discussions continued between the company and Warner-Lambert ''at the highest level . ''
Germany 's SAP will form technical partnership with MySQL , which makes increasingly popular open-source database program ; goal of agreement is to enable SAP 's software , which automates array of corporate operations , to run on MySQL database ; SAP software already runs on databases made by Oracle , IBM and Microsoft ( S )
Mr. Sullivan said he believed that over the last year Yahoo had focused on improving its core search service , while Google 's management was preoccupied with its elaborate stock offering .
Microsoft offers Office in three versions -- standard , professional and small-business editions .
Mr. Cadogan said that the purpose of the program was simply to offer Yahoo users more relevant information .
A discrimination lawsuit filed Wednesday by Christian Curry , the former employee , cites the payment as evidence that Morgan Stanley conspired to entrap him after his lawyer let the firm know that they were contemplating the discrimination suit .
A company spokeswoman , Eileen Connolly , said only : ''AT & T has always acknowledged that it would issue the tracker based on market conditions , and we certainly acknowledge that now might not be the appropriate time .
The Ford Motor Company today expanded the duties of David W. Thursfield , one of its top executives , reinforcing speculation that Mr. Thursfield is being groomed to take the No .
Sizable reductions in net worth could jeopardize Xerox 's efforts to roll over a $ 7 billion line of credit that expires next year .
Motorola May Lose Sales If Nextel and Sprint Merge
Wall Street analysts think that Boeing must improve its efficiency on the factory floor if it is to increase its profits .
And they will take on even more in a combined AOL Time Warner , with which executives hope to be able to sell even broader advertising packages .
America Online , which says it has 43 million users of one form or another on its instant-messaging software , has accused Microsoft of hacking into its system to route messages to and from America Online customers .
The challenge Apple faces on Wall Street , it seems , is mostly in managing high expectations .
Sony and Procter will also be co-sponsors of high school tours of Sony artists .
But Microsoft 's competitors are lobbying the new administration to hold firm , arguing that since the case began , the market share of Microsoft has continued to grow .
AT & T 's magnetic tape is made of barium ferrite particles , similar to those found in ordinary household magnets .
Motorola Drops Plan for Its Own Data Satellites
Priceline 's business was also hurt by ''negative news stories about customer satisfaction and the difficulties of other e-commerce businesses , '' Mr. Schulman said .
Jeffrey P. Bezos , the company 's chairman , was quoted in the article saying that Amazon had never been in better shape .
''But Verizon is also in a much better financial position , while Qwest really has to stretch all its resources to make this deal work . ''
On the eve of the filing deadline , many of the 19 state attorneys general who are part of the antitrust suit against the Microsoft Corporation were lobbying and cajoling a handful of their colleagues today to join the majority and ask the court to break Microsoft into two parts .
And in 2000 , Essence faces a growing field of competitors , a group that includes Hearst 's O : The Oprah Magazine , which arrives in May ; B. Smith Style , a monthly lifestyle magazine from American Express Publishing ; Heart and Soul , a growing fitness and lifestyle title published by BET Holdings ; and Honey , a fashion magazine for women in their 20 's from Vanguarde Media .
According to figures provided by I.B.M. , that market over all is growing at about 30 percent a year .
I.B.M .
Amvescap , whose Invesco Funds Group division was sued by regulators in December , said yesterday that it would take a $ 40 million charge in the fourth quarter to cover the cost of investigations .
''The Apple Macintosh is starting to be a growth story , '' he said .
Microsoft 's unfair conduct , he said , was taken to defend its monopoly position from the challenge of Internet software .
Also yesterday , Boeing reported a second-quarter net loss of $ 192 million , or 24 cents a share , on revenue of $ 12.8 billion .
Wooing buyers with lower profit margins , Costco 's sales of wine ballooned to more than half a billion dollars in 2001 , in what the Wine Institute says is a $ 19.8 billion business , including retail and restaurant sales .
Wal-Mart , however , is still deciding which agency to hire to handle its multicultural marketing .
Within weeks of the Vioxx withdrawal , the Food and Drug Administration ordered Pfizer and other makers of antidepressants to put a ''black box '' warning -- the most dire type -- on their labels , indicating that the drugs could cause suicidal thoughts and actions in some children and teenagers .
Yahoo to Buy Ad Company in Bid to Compete With Google
Microsoft 's last-minute gesture toward the Justice Department , a new-found taste for compromise in the hopes of avoiding a major antitrust suit , speaks volumes about the company .
''The only reason Verizon or BellSouth would acquire MCI is to remove a risk , '' said Daniel Berninger , an analyst at Tier1 Research .
By locking up $ 3.5 billion in cash and AOL Time Warner shares while those shares are near historic lows , AT & T and Comcast somewhat insulate themselves from the vagaries of the cable market .
Google hired Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse First Boston as underwriters , but it might as well have hired eBay .
With easy American market access , guaranteed delivery by pipeline and minimal exploration costs , the roster of multinationals investing here includes Gulf Oil , Exxon Mobil , the Royal Dutch/Shell Group and Chevron .
United Parcel Service operates community service program for managers ; company invests some $ 500,000 a year to send managers through four-week corporate volunteer program ; photo ( M )
Fortunately , iMacs , iBooks and the machines in Apple 's G3 series of computers can easily meet those requirements .
Morgan Stanley views seriously the allegations that the SEC and other regulators have made in their complaints and agrees the allegations are a matter of concern to retail investors .
And Time Warner could continue to deploy its cable assets in expanding its own position as an Internet provider .
In its first study of how an American company treats its workers , Human Rights Watch asserted yesterday that Wal-Mart 's aggressive efforts to keep out labor unions often violated federal law and infringed on its workers ' rights .
Metro Briefing | New York : Endicott : I.B.M .
''I understand why FedEx wants a bigger retail base , but we had expected it to buy operations in Europe or to acquire companies more in keeping with its existing logistics businesses , '' said Kenneth Hexter , an analyst with Merrill Lynch .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , has more than 80 percent of the unit sales and 90 percent of the revenues in the market for x86 microprocessors .
Blade servers are powered by the lower-cost microprocessors of personal computing , made by Intel and Advanced Micro Devices , or by I.B.M .
Google and Yahoo Aim at Another Screen
Indeed , Kodak 's sales of film in China were down 50 percent in April and May compared with the months a year earlier , and analysts said June sales were looking even worse .
There is considerable competition to fill India 's civilian aircraft needs as well , with the world 's two main builders of passenger jets , Airbus Industrie , which is based in France , and Boeing vying for India 's growing passenger airline market .
The cornerstone of the I.B.M .
He slashed Gap 's heavy debt , but it quickly became clear that he could not turn around the ailing retail business .
But the blunt-spoken Ted Turner , who is Time Warner 's vice chairman and its largest shareholder with 100 million shares , acknowledged a key issue in all large mergers .
At the same time , Google faces a challenge in entering the extremely competitive consumer market for financial information against rivals like Microsoft , Yahoo and AOL and financial companies like Fidelity Investments and Charles Schwab .
Critics worry that VeriSign could wield an unfair advantage as resale prices soar for scarce names in the popular .com domain .
As it turned out , there were plenty of young Apple enthusiasts who wanted to work for the company : 5,000 applied for the 300 jobs at the Fifth Avenue store .
One day after Kraft Foods and Procter & Gamble announced that they would shun contentious new talk show The Savage Nation hosted by Michael Savage , commercials for two of their products appeared on program 's debt episode March 8 by mistake ; Kraft and Procter & Gamble also reiterate their decisions to avoid show because its contents do not meet their guidelines for acceptable content ; activist groups like National Organization for Women and Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation have protested decision by MSNBC executives to give Savage progam and urged advertiser to boycott it ; photo ( M )
IBM Corp offers to pay $ 10,000 each to owners of about 500 contaminated homes in Endicott , NY , if owners give up their right to sue for property damages caused by industrial pollution ; $ 5 million program is another costly step in IBM 's efforts to remediate hazards it helped create in village where it got its start nearly century ago ; other manufacturers contributed to pollution , but only IBM is helping clean it up ; payment program was negotiated by IBM with New York State Eliot Spitzer , who was asked by residents for help in protecting their home values ( M )
Warner Brothers , largest television syndicator , is preparing major new Internet service that will let fans watch full episodes from more than 100 old television series -- more than 4,800 episodes in first year ; service , called In2TV , will be free and be supported by advertising : 2 minutes of commercials per half-hour episode , compared with 8 minutes in standard broadcast ; America Online , a fellow Time Warner unit , will distribute service on its Web portal ; enhanced version of service will use peer-to-peer-file-sharing technology to get video data to viewers ; photos ( M )
The deal comes after several months of legal jousting between the Labor Department and Boeing and after the settlement of a class-action discrimination suit against the company .
More information about Red Hat Version 8.0 -- and a place to order -- are offered at www.redhat.com .
The autobiography has already been chosen as a main selection by the Book-of-the-Month Club -- a division of Time Warner -- and Mr. Kirshbaum said he expected it to be a best seller , particularly in light of the fact that next year is the 30th anniversary of King 's death .
Allied with Nokia , Ericsson and Motorola in developing the Symbian platform , Psion is battling the Microsoft Corporation over what analysts expect to be a booming market in Internet-linked mobile devices .
Intel has continued to improve the Celeron , and despite its reputation as offering less , it is robust enough to handle Web browsing , e-mail , home office programs and games .
The Initiative for Software Choice , the Microsoft-supported group , said it has nothing against open source software as such , but that a declared policy favoring one development model is a bias -- a competition based on prejudice instead of the merits of the products .
In just the last two weeks , yields on one Ford Motor Credit issue have risen 1.25 percentage points , from 8 percent to 9.25 percent .
Despite its relatively strong performance , Morgan Stanley shares fell $ 5.6875 , or 10 percent , to $ 51.5625 , as the banking and financial services sectors were generally sharply lower .
Two giants in business of books strike $ 200 million deal to become partners in a global network to sell titles in all major languages on line , posing a powerful competitive threat to the electronic commerce pioneer Amazon.com ; Barnes & Noble , largest bookselling chain in United States , and Bertelsmann AG , German media conglomerate , announce plans for joint venture involving American chain 's unprofitable electronic subsidiary , Barnesandnoble.com ( M )
The Citigroup fine was the second largest the Financial Services Authority has levied , after the £17 million ( now $ 30.9 million ) it ordered the Royal Dutch/Shell Group to pay for overstating its oil and gas reserves .
made its investment here for the long haul , said Douglas L. Maine , general manager of ibm .com , ''if Ireland becomes cost prohibitive , that would be a consideration about future expansion . ''
But Microsoft and a handful of industry partners have made some enhancements to VoiceXML , creating another standard known as SALT , for speech application language tags .
I.B.M .
''There remains skepticism about whether General Mills can really use this acquisition to grow its top line , '' said Erika Gritman Long , an analyst with J. P. Morgan .
Mr. Gates 's white whale remains an elusive digital set-top cable box that his company , the Microsoft Corporation , is hoping will re-create the personal computer industry by blending the PC , the Internet and the television set into a leviathan living-room entertainment and information machine .
While the earnings split regarding Lipitor was not disclosed yesterday , the sales grid that Warner-Lambert released made it clear how valuable Lipitor was to Pfizer 's future performance .
In the end , market competition should determine whether Microsoft or Linux gains the upper hand .
''We do n't want McDonald 's to look and feel 50 years old to our customers , '' he told an audience of Wall Street analysts last month .
The Dummies tax guide also appeared in the ''New and Notable '' category of Amazon 's business and investing Web page .
Marriott International plans to open $ 2.5 million , 120-place , 24-hour childcare facility for its employees in Washington , DC ; similar effort in Atlanta delivered disappointing results and an underused facility ; hotel chain will utilize knowledge gained in Atlanta -- that day care must be affordable to attract clients -- to guide its Washington effort toward greater success ; photo ( M )
He discounted the widely held notion that Microsoft , which fought a bitter federal antitrust battle as a result of its actions against Netscape , had similar aggressive designs on the market for Internet search .
Both publicly , and in private comments , Citigroup executives painted a picture of lax oversight in Japan that allowed aggressive private bankers to ignore regulations to pursue a profit-at-any-cost sales strategy .
Symantec , a maker of computer security and maintenance software , wants to add Veritas 's offerings to the package of products it sells to corporations .
Host Marriott would pay about $ 433 million for the communities and has set up a $ 107 million plan to add 1,075 residential units by January 1999 .
The company created Coca-Cola Enterprises , and by taking a 49 percent stake , retained control of the bottlers without incurring their liabilities .
Interpublic Group of Companies will restate its financial results back to 1997 because it improperly accounted for $ 68.5 million in expenses ; attributes restatement to transactions between units of company involving European operations of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising ; chief financial officer Sean Orr says new management is in place in McCann Europe ( M )
Biogen Inc. , one of the few biotechnology companies that make money , should know by the end of the summer whether it is ready to grow into an operational drug manufacturer , with substantially larger earnings .
It won last year for the ''Think Different '' campaign for Apple Computer and in 1999 for the ''Yo Quiero Taco Bell '' campaign .
Verizon , the No .
The bank even gives rewards based on the size of accounts referred to its investment arm , Fifth Third Securities , or its trust department .
''With Turner having all his networks reporting to him , it kind of changes the way this works , '' said David J. Londoner , a media analyst who follows Time Warner for Schroder Wertheim & Company .
For years , squeezing a new network onto the limited available lineup meant cutting deals with Tele-Communications Inc. ( now part of AT & T ) , Time Warner and a handful of other conglomerates .
Carl C. Icahn will try to escalate his fight to break up Time Warner today by proposing a slate of directors that includes Dale M. Hanson , the former chief executive of a powerful pension fund , the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , or Calpers , according to people involved in the plan .
And the on-line order-taking is just one Cisco operation that has moved onto the Internet .
The other charge , which Boeing said would be $ 300 million to $ 500 million , related to delays in its $ 4 billion Airborne Early Warning and Control program for Australia and Turkey .
VS. MICROSOFT : THE INDUSTRY
But supremacy in the digital movie business could prove elusive for Wal-Mart , a company that is used to being the No .
Bancroft family says it will consider selling Dow Jones & Co , ending more than century of family ownership ; says it is willing to meet with Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp just weeks after rejecting Murdoch 's $ 5 billion takeover offer ; decision represents about-face for company ; if Murdoch 's bid is successful he would become new owner of The Wall Street Journal , second-largest newspaper in country by circulation ; but other bidders could emerge , or family could consider other arrangements , like selling part of company or looking for co-investor ; members of family reportedly want any bidder to meet two conditions : more money than Murdoch 's initial offer of $ 60 a share , and independent overseer to guarantee what it calls 'editorial independence and integrity of The Wall Street Journal ' ; photo ( M )
Analysts , many of whom put Xerox on their buy lists in February when Mr. Allaire promised double-digit earnings this year , say Xerox is sending investors the clearest signals that it understands its market since it made ''Xerox '' a synonym for photocopier -- and Wall Street -- supremacy 30 years ago .
Microsoft wants to be able to sell its technology for cable set-top boxes to AT & T Comcast and to gain access for its Internet service .
And Google should benefit from the fact that Microsoft , after a federal antitrust judgment against it and a settlement with the government , is more restrained in its tactics and behavior than it once was .
2 in the industry after Carnival , has already received approval to merge with P & O from national regulators in Germany and Britain .
Norfolk Southern , based in Norfolk , Va. , will grow from 14,400 track miles to 21,400 miles in 22 states .
Analysts expect Wal-Mart Stores , the nation 's largest employer , to post sales of almost $ 220 billion and profits of almost $ 7 billion this year , compared with sales of about $ 190 billion and profits of $ 6 billion in 2000 .
A federal appeals court in Atlanta yesterday reversed a 1999 ruling that United Parcel Service engaged in sham transactions to avoid hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate income taxes each year since 1984 .
In overseas markets , Citigroup has ample reason to believe it can carve out a distinct identity for itself in the credit card business .
Proponents of the idea include Henry M. Paulson Jr. , the chief executive of Goldman Sachs , and Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona .
Allstate also argues that the agents received an average of $ 280,000 when they were terminated .
Editorial contends that it was unrealistic to expect World Trade Organization to endorse Eastman Kodak Co 's broad claims that it has been deliberately shut out of Japanese market through combination of government and private blocking actions ; maintains that it is distressing to see trade organization embrace blatantly protectionist behavior by Japanese Government ; asserts that it could have warned Japanese that waiver for past anti-competitive behavior provides no immunity for future ( M )
Starbucks selects Ishmael Beah book A Long Way Gone to be promoted and sold in their stores ( S )
Jeffrey P. Bezos , Amazon 's chief executive , has long contended that a strategy of lower prices would ultimately lead to greater profitability .
Mr. Gilmartin 's position at Merck has also been challenged .
Boeing inherited the plane after it bought McDonnell Douglas in 1997 .
Handset orders soared in the third quarter of 1999 , Motorola said , when customers were worried about a wireless-phone components shortage .
Bob Stickler , a spokesman for Bank of America , said the bank ''has grown deposits faster than we 've grown loans over the past several years . ''
Ericsson will supply Verizon Wireless with handsets that allow high-speed Web access , e-mail and other services ( S )
Days after Saatchi & Saatchi in New York lost its longtime assignment to create campaigns for Tylenol products , the Johnson & Johnson division that sells Tylenol dismissed the agency from its remaining creative assignments , for the Mylanta , Pepcid and St. Joseph brands .
''The vast majority of American Express profits come from corporate spending , '' Ms. Whitney said , adding that spending ''is n't a matter of choice , it 's a matter of ability . ''
As chief operating officer , Mr. Belluzzo succeeds Robert J. Herbold , 58 , who decided to retire , Microsoft said .
Ms. Harriss , 54 , was closely linked to Mr. Pressler -- she followed him to Disney , then Gap -- and her departure was seen as both a final act of house cleaning and a message that Mr. Fisher is returning Gap to it roots .
Government ethics rules will probably force him to give up his authority over most of that vast fortune , which is far more than other Goldman Sachs executives who preceded him to Washington have accumulated .
A few years ago , for example , Intel 's main trial lawyer , Robert E. Cooper , beat David Boies , the Justice Department 's marquee lawyer in the Microsoft trial , in a predatory-price-fixing case brought by Continental Airlines and Northwest Airlines against American Airlines .
Intel and a rival , Advanced Micro Devices , cut prices throughout the year as demand waned .
Eight former senior Morgan Stanley executives , emboldened by the departure of Mr. Perella , are promising to continue a fight to unseat Mr. Purcell .
As a result , Taesa will carry about 180,000 charter passengers to Mexico this year from Kennedy International ; Newark International ; MacArthur Airport in Islip , L.I. , and Stewart Airport in Newburgh , N.Y .
Despite their size , J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup have just one vote each on the committee , he said , the same as everyone else , including Enron investors and trading partners who are claiming much less .
''We 're definitely seeing a lot more variety in the beverage world , '' said Sara Schmid , advertising manager for the Sprite and Mello Yello brands at the Coca-Cola North America unit of Coca-Cola in Atlanta .
These days , though , Netflix 's act is decidedly together ; its customer service stories sometimes verge on the heroic .
Microsoft 's plea came in a legal brief that answered a filing last week by the Justice Department , which urged the Supreme Court to hear the appeal directly .
John C. Malone , who resigned from AT & T 's board last week , has said that the company that he controls , Liberty Media , has no intention of making a bid for AT & T 's cable systems .
Bertelsmann , German media conglomerate is harshly pruning Internet ventures favored by Thomas Middelhoff , whom it dismissed as chief executive a month ago ; plans to shut down or sell BOL.com , main online book-selling service and centerpiece of Middelhoff 's plan to turn Bertelsmann into dominant electronic merchant , and it has held exploratory talks with its chief rival , Amazon.com ; is also turning cold eye on Napster , online file-sharing service Middelhoff once heralded as future of music industry ; executives say that if bankruptcy judge rejects their proposal to buy Napster 's assets for $ 92 million , they will abandon deal and carve up Napster 's assets , along with other creditors , in liquidation procedure ( M )
Microsoft 's proposed final judgment also would provide the government with sufficient means to determine and secure compliance with the Court 's judgment .
As a controversial plan by the Air Force to lease Boeing 767 airplanes moves through Congress , the leaders of the Senate Armed Services Committee offered a new proposal yesterday that would allow for the lease of 20 Boeing airplanes and the purchase of 80 more to be used as aerial refueling tankers .
He also sought to address the passages from his published work about the political significance of computer code that Microsoft cited as raising doubts about his impartiality .
US insurers are scouting for business in China with trade links stronger ; bureaucratic scene remains tricky , but new openness is promised ; some insurance companies looking to enter Chinese market include New York Life Insurance Co , Cigna Corp and American International Group ; Sy Sternberg of New York Life comments ; photo ( M )
Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy reports that Goodyear , Texaco , Colgate-Palmolive , MCI WorldCom and eight other large corporations earned more than $ 12.2 billion in profits in 1996 through 1998 , but that none of them ended up owing corporate income taxes over that period ; companies as a group received $ 535 million in credits or refunds ; study of 250 large publicly traded companies shows that 24 owed no tax or received credits against past or future tax obligations in 1998 ; also finds that 71 of 250 companies paid taxes at less than half official 35 percent corporate rate during three-year period ; says corporate profits overall soared 23.5 percent during three-year period , but corporate tax revenues grew 7.7 percent ; says General Electric Co was biggest beneficiary of tax breaks , saving $ 6.9 billion in three years ; company paid $ 2.1 billion in income taxes on $ 25.8 billion in profits , for tax rate of 8.1 percent ; highest tax rate for three years was paid by Winn-Dixie Stores , which paid average 35.7 percent of its 1996 through 1998 profits in federal income taxes ; chart ( M )
Motorola Inc says revenue rose sharply in first quarter , to $ 8.8 billion , up about 20 percent from $ 7.3 billion in year-earlier quarter ; profit more than doubled , to $ 449 million , compared with $ 184 million a year ago ( M )
And Boeing 's 787 aircraft will have a new vertical gust suppression system to minimize the stomach-churning sensation of the plane suddenly dropping midair .
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency has chosen I.B.M. , Sun Microsystems , Cray Inc. and SGI to run research programs aimed at developing the next generation of high-performance computing systems , which it expects to fill the gap between today 's supercomputers and the expected arrival of quantum computing in 15 or 20 years .
Starting next year , users of Apple Computer 's iTunes music service will be able to play songs on some Motorola cellphones , the companies said late Monday .
His thoughts have n't changed : Kimberly-Clark bears several hallmarks of an attractive target .
SnapStream Media has just released the FireFly PC Remote , which can manipulate not only computers running Microsoft 's Windows Media Center operating system , but standard PC 's using Windows XP Home and Windows XP Professional as well .
Under the deal , which is subject to approval by Anteon shareholders and regulators , General Dynamics would pay $ 55.50 a share and assume $ 100 million in Anteon debt .
Microsoft , whose Windows 98 program runs on 90 percent of new personal computers , saw a 29 percent increase in sales of operating systems and applications preinstalled on new computers .
CVS stressed yesterday that its offer had already passed regulatory muster .
The restructuring comes two years after Interpublic took a $ 646 million charge for a reorganization after its acquisition of True North Communications .
Symantec , software company that produces Norton line of computer security and maintenance products , is in advanced talks to acqire Veritas Software , maker of data backup and storage programs , for more than $ 13 billion ( M )
John C Malone , who is one of AT & T Corp 's largest individual shareholders , resigns from company 's board earlier than planned after he is excluded from talks related to Comcast 's offer to buyh AT & T 's cable systems ; planned to step down on Aug 10 when Liberty Media , his programming company , is expected to be formally separated from AT & T ; is weighing his own bid for AT & T 's cable properties together with large private investors ( M )
''Directionally they are doing the right thing , but this raises their risk profile , '' said Mr. Kelly of Goldman Sachs .
But Mark Rowen , an analyst with Prudential Securities , said the picture was not as rosy as Amazon 's overall profit margins would indicate .
''If your last-mile connection is good , we should have a server close enough to capitalize on that , '' said Jonathan Seelig , Akamai 's vice president , strategy and corporate development .
Shortly after he left , Waste Management announced that two top financial executives were leaving and that it would adopt a more conservative approach to accounting for earnings .
According to executives involved in the cable industry , leaders of the Comcast Corporation , the nation 's No .
That is a tougher standard for Microsoft than the one the same federal appeals court articulated in a related Microsoft case in June 1998 , when Windows 98 was on its way to the marketplace .
Mr. Wolf said strength in the company 's notebook product line , as well as its consumer iPod music player has Apple on track for revenue of about $ 2.85 billion during its fourth quarter , which ends Sept. 30 .
Costco 's customers are largely left to pore through the selection on their own .
Today , the Anti-Defamation League says it has a good working relationship with Yahoo as well as with other online services like America Online .
Recently , Nokia has decided to license cheaply its layer of applications software for tasks like Web browsing , messaging and e-mail , in another effort to make sure Microsoft does not control the key software standards for so-called smart phones .
It will offer a TV program guide , similar to those offered on digital cable services , but Yahoo 's version will include reviews and ratings of shows from its users .
The Microsoft piece was written by John Wilke , a reporter for the newspaper .
For the same reasons , a combined AOL- Time Warner would build on our companies ' demonstrated commitment to open access . ''
The four-star Air Force officer named to command American forces in the Pacific requested that his nomination be withdrawn Wednesday after a Senate hearing turned contentious over the scandal involving contracts with the Boeing Company .
2 -- Medco Health Solutions is the largest pharmacy benefits manager -- Express Scripts is under the same sorts of pressures that may have influenced Caremark 's decision to agree to a no-premium merger deal with CVS in November .
Mr. Rello says Wal-Mart is shopping for opportunities all over Brazil .
And not just at Amazon.com .
''We were not able to reach the scale we wanted to in the long term , '' said Theresa Miller , a Prudential spokeswoman .
Microsoft issued a press release early yesterday morning saying that it had held discussions with SAP , the big German maker of business software , about buying that company .
The expansion into spirits is part of a diversification strategy by Starbucks , of Seattle .
DaimlerChrysler , one of Goodyear 's largest customers , is already pressing for reductions .
But she acknowledged that Wal-Mart had to do something to reverse its disappointing sales numbers for November -- and the corresponding bad publicity , which she called an ''overreaction . ''
It is not Kodak 's first fight over these patents .
Should Boeing violate these provisions , it could be prosecuted and fined up to $ 10 million , according to the settlement .
''This demonstrates that I.B.M .
In a statement , Gap said Ms. Harriss had resigned .
Nevertheless , Mr. Condit said that after seeing its cash reserves drop to $ 3.5 billion this quarter from $ 5.1 billion at the end of 1997 , Boeing expects to begin generating a lot of cash next year .
Its sizes range from 2 to 20 , whereas Gap stocks only to size 16 .
They founded the agency with the Hasbro account in 1978 .
''Probably the most important reason we selected Interpublic was the seamless across-agency collaboration , '' said Catherine P. Bessant , chief marketing officer at Bank of America in Charlotte , N.C. ''The teamwork , to use an overused word , came across . ''
Bank of America is working on tentative plans for a new headquarters in Midtown Manhattan , possibly on 42nd Street , New York 's boulevard of dreams .
Electronic Arts , based in Redwood City , Calif. , recently lowered its full-year revenue estimates to $ 3.3 billion to $ 3.4 billion , from $ 3.4 billion to $ 3.5 billion , in part blaming a delay in the release of its game The Godfather , which will not be sold until next spring .
If Microsoft lost its trademark on Windows , what difference would it make now ?
The Boeing Company , which manufactures the 767 , itself advised its customers on Thursday to conduct the inspection ; the F.A.A .
The 737 family is Boeing 's most popular plane type , in part because it is the sole aircraft family used by Southwest Airlines , the world 's most profitable carrier .
And Jeff Bezos , the chief executive of Amazon , has said he thinks that business-method patents should extend only for three to five years , rather than the 20 years currently accorded to all patents .
If the court chooses the government 's narrow definition -- the most sophisticated software used by the largest corporations -- the Justice Department could still prevail , regardless of Microsoft 's potential for growth in the business software market .
Such a decision would have been routine in the United States , where Ms. Keck said , ''moving is a big part of the Wal-Mart culture . ''
The founder of eBay , Pierre Omidyar , has named a new leader for his personal philanthropy as he explores ways to play a bigger role in shaping public policy .
Leslie Moonves , the CBS chief executive , called the deals , in which cable systems will compensate the network for the right to carry its programs , ''a major milestone '' that could result in broadcasters ' achieving a long-held goal of creating a regular source of revenue beyond advertising .
They want him to relinquish the reins at Deutsch and assume a larger role at Interpublic , perhaps taking over one or more of its struggling agencies .
The Coca-Cola Company owns 50.1 percent of the stock .
According to First Call/Thompson Financial , three analysts lowered their recommendations on Xerox stock this morning , and now every analyst that follows Xerox rates it a hold .
Microsoft 's stock was the best performer in 2001 among the 30 companies that make up the Dow Jones industrial average , rising 53 percent to $ 66.25 , after a dismal year in 2000 in which it lost more than 60 percent of its value .
Downtown landlords in Philadelphia are in uproar over measure that would allow public subsidy for proposed new 60-story headquarters building for Comcast Corp ; developer , Liberty Property Trust , is seeking to qualify building site for generous 1998 state tax abatement program that was originally intended to improve blighted neighborhoods ; more than dozen landlords in area have banded together to try to prevent designation of site as Keystone Opportunity Improvement Zone ; map ; photo ( M )
If Judge Murphy 's rule that it does is upheld , I.B.M .
A report in the Company News column of Business Day yesterday about the Comcast Corporation 's sale of some cable systems to Bresnan Communications misstated the terms .
The decision came after a four-month review that had been narrowed to three finalists : Carat , which works for Philips in Europe ; Initiative Media Worldwide , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies ; and MediaVest , part of the Starcom MediaVest Worldwide unit of the Bcom3 Group , which works for Philips in Latin America and North America .
That is partly because airlines , including those in bankruptcy protection , have cut domestic schedules and capacity , said Prashanth Kuchibhotla , the senior manager for air procurement for eClipse Advisers , an American Express subsidiary .
Of those 10 products , only 2 remain on McDonald 's menu .
America Online-Time Warner Inc merger , which is biggest combination ever of major Internet company with traditional company , has gone largely uncovered by analysts like Merrill Lynch and Goldman , Sachs ; almost six weeks afer announcement , merger firsm have failed to produce comprehensive look at combined company 's prospects ; supporters of merger say paucity of research is at least part of reason America Online 's stock has lost nearly a third of its value since combination was annonced on Jan 10 ; graph ( M )
The merger talks were abandoned shortly before Microsoft and SAP announced a technology agreement on May 12 .
The new site will be a channel on Microsoft 's revamped MSN network , the fledgling Web site that started out as its own on-line service three years ago and has since undergone several transformations .
Microsoft 's stubborn position that it can not comply with a Federal judge 's order to unbundle its World Wide Web browser software from its popular Windows 95 operating system -- at least not without damaging recent versions of Windows -- may be stirring a backlash against the company .
Rather , Mr. Chase called on America Online to stop its efforts to block Microsoft 's software .
The MD-80 maintenance manual , drafted by the Boeing Company , adopted by Alaska Airlines and approved by the F.A.A. , says the test should be repeated ''several times to ensure consistent results , '' the airline pointed out .
In mid-December , Moody 's lowered the company 's ratings to A3 from A1 .
Do Internet users prefer services that are consistent and predictable , like those offered by Yahoo , or are they more interested in Google 's wow factor ?
Exxon Mobil has not yet released total 2005 compensation figures for Mr. Raymond , who stepped down as Exxon 's chief executive at the end of the year .
Pfizer said it planned to test Celebrex in comparison with a placebo in 4,000 patients with osteoarthritis who have recently had a heart attack .
Another sign of economic weakness was seen as I.B.M .
But the relationship soured as so-called clone makers grabbed huge chunks of I.B.M .
Mr. Golub said American Express had hoped , within a ''reasonable time frame , '' to increase its overseas profit 25 percent to 30 percent a year , with earnings from abroad accounting for half of overall profit .
Without the collection , there might have been no Swell , the line of sheets , plastic trays and glasses licensed to Target .
Investors did not appear too alarmed by the results , sending Boeing shares down 12.5 cents to close at $ 53 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Indeed , the turmoil raises the possibility that a weakened Morgan Stanley may be forced into a deal with another bank .
Mediaone 's biggest market is around Boston , while Comcast 's biggest market stretches from Washington to Philadelphia .
Shares of Applied Materials Inc soar 10 percent after company posts stronger-than-expected earnings in its third quarter ; shares rise $ 9.125 , to $ 99.375 ; shares of Micron Technology fall $ 7.125 , or 14.3 percent , to $ 42.625 , after several analysts cut their earnings estimates for quarter that ends Sept 30 ( S )
Charles Joseph Luethke , self-styled whistle-blower whose dealings with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co put them both under criminal investigation , has had previous tussle with corporate America ; Luethke conducted extened letter-writing campaign three years ago to put pressure on Edgar Bronfman Jr , chief executive of Seagram Co , and other sponsors of Bronx Gauchos amateur basketball club ; he called on corporate backers to exclude Lou d'Almeida , club 's founder , from active role in managing Gauchos , well-known amateur club that has produced several National Basketball Association stars ; amid swirl of charges that never led to any indictments , d'Almeida stepped down from his executive role in basketball club two years ago ; lawyers involved in both cases say conflict about Gauchos has some parallels to Luethke 's dealings with Morgan Stanley ; in both , Luethke parlayed initial presentations as do-gooder exposing wrongdoing into what corporations would later view as extortion ; Luethke denies trying to extort money ; Luethke , who has no full-time employment , first approached Morgan Stanley last year with tip that former analyst Christian L Curry was conspiring to plant fake E-mails on Morgan Stanley 's computers to bolster discrimination lawsuit he wanted to file ; Luethke took part in police undercover operation that resulted in Curry 's arrest ; Morgan Stanley quietly paid Luethke $ 10,000 shortly after arrest ; photos ( M )
Time Warner 's current chairman and chief executive , Gerald M. Levin , 60 , would serve under Mr. Case as the new company 's chief executive .
Investors responded favorably , pushing Xilinx 's shares up $ 3.50 , or 7.3 percent , to $ 51.25 , in trading on the Nasdaq stock market .
Oracle released its earnings report after the close of regular trading .
And Brian L. Roberts , Comcast 's chief executive , who declined to comment for this article , has told several associates that he found his own shareholders ' response to the merger offer ''sobering . ''
The plaintiffs say that Wal-Mart and the contractors were in effect joint employers and that Wal-Mart is therefore responsible for the misdeeds .
While the branch closings were a challenging move in themselves , Wells Fargo compounded the risk by rapidly extending its high-technology ways to First Interstate , which had an old-fashioned , personal service orientation .
Shares of Morgan Stanley 's stock rose sharply for a second day , increasing $ 1.97 a share , or 3 percent , to $ 57.25 , as a number of analysts began to speculate about the possibility that the firm , roiled by dissent , may become vulnerable to a takeover .
If this argument holds up , it will be harder for the commission to prove that Microsoft has leveraged its dominance of operating PC software into the market for server software .
AT & T Seeks Stake in India 's Phone Market
And REI 's experiences run counter to the main assumptions that have grown up around E-commerce and have contributed to the stratospheric stock prices of Web retailers like Amazon .
Meanwhile , Wal-Mart is following a cautious , test-the-waters approach adopted in Japan by the world 's other big supermarket chains .
But I.B.M .
Wal-Mart Is Going Upscale .
Joel I. Klein , the head of the Justice Department 's antitrust division and chief architect of the government 's case against the Microsoft Corporation , announced today that he would be stepping down at the end of next week .
Its prices , envelopes and movie selection are nearly the same as Netflix 's .
Coca-Cola Reports a Loss Of $ 184 Million on Bottling
Amgen has prospered for years based on two billion-dollar drugs , Epogen for anemia and Neupogen for complications of chemotherapy .
For Celestica , which has no brand names of its own but makes equipment for many of the world 's big high-technology companies , the agreement with Motorola expands its business base .
Yesterday , in a surprising rebuke , Wal-Mart overturned Ms. Roehm 's choice to replace the company 's longtime advertising agencies -- a decision that puts $ 580 million worth of marketing up for grabs again , two months after the original search process ended .
Mr. Bozarth said the price Mattel paid for each company was appropriate and that ''both were structured in such a way as to be accretive to earnings . ''
Montgomery Ward & Co , once the greatest American retailer and pioneer of many sales practices that became widely accepted , says that it will go out of business after 128 years ; company , owned by General Electric , says it will close its 250 stores and dismiss 28,000 associates who run them in coming months ; it files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy court protection for second and final time and eliminates 450 jobs immediately ; photos ( L )
The suit will accuse Intel of selectively withholding important technical information about its chips from companies with which Intel is involved in patent and related disputes .
''We are making headway , but there 's still much to be done , '' said David Bell , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic in New York , which owns agencies like Carmichael Lynch , Initiative Media and McCann-Erickson .
Mr. Koogle became Yahoo 's chief executive in 1995 as it was being transformed from a hobby of Mr. Yang and Mr. Filo into a business .
Indeed , unlike the original Xbox , the new console can act as a home entertainment hub , streaming pictures , music and video from digital cameras , portable music players and computers that run Microsoft Windows XP .
( Texas law will automatically reduce that verdict to $ 26.1 million , and Merck says it will appeal . )
The Boeing Company 's chief executive , Harry C. Stonecipher , said yesterday that the $ 20 billion deal with the Air Force to lease 767 's for use as aerial refueling tankers ''is not dead '' and that the Air Force remains committed to the proposal .
Boeing said that it did not mind competing with Ilyushin but not when Russian Government subsidies enabled it to sell its planes at below market prices .
I 'm at the Marriott . ''
Advocates of open-source software , in which the original programmers ' instructions are freely distributed , have long argued that Microsoft 's proprietary software secrecy is the company 's Achilles ' heel .
Merck continued to sell Vioxx for four more years , until another trial confirmed Vioxx 's dangers , before withdrawing the drug .
A group of investors led by Citigroup has won the right to buy a controlling stake in a Chinese state-owned bank , the Guangdong Development Bank , according to the official New China News Agency .
Many plaintiffs ' lawyers say it is too early to make a realistic assessment of Merck 's financial vulnerability .
''Take Yahoo Mail , with 200 million users .
''Thom 's going to help us broaden our target audience , to bring in more men and younger people while keeping who we have , '' Ms. Karnowsky said , ''and to help shoppers look at Pier 1 as a little hipper , with a little more urban slant . ''
THEY are Internet upstarts , but they say they can take on Wal-Mart Stores , the world 's biggest company .
The linkage of media with other sources of revenue is illustrated by Microsoft 's Sidewalk , a planned nationwide network of on-line city guides .
Mr. O'Rourke would not comment on what Morgan Stanley would do now .
The Omnicom Group in New York said yesterday that it had hired a specialist in so-called branded entertainment programming from the Interpublic Group of Companies .
When asked about analysts ' projections , a Wal-Mart spokesman , Jay Allen , said that as of now the company had plans to build only 15 supercenters in the Northeast this year .
The new version will be the first major upgrade to Microsoft 's core product since the release of Windows XP in 2001 .
began last May when Samuel J. Palmisano , I.B.M .
Some employees do not agree that Wal-Mart has discriminated against women , while others describe similar experiences .
But in interviews over the weekend , William H. Gates , the Microsoft chairman , and William Neukom , the company 's general counsel , repeatedly alluded to that point .
General Motors ' North American operations moved closer to being shut down completely today , as strikes at two Michigan parts factories forced the company to idle 13,000 more workers and partly close a host of other parts and assembly plants .
Halliburton Co is expected to announce that it is acquiring rival Dresser Industries , for $ 7.7 billion ; deal would be tax-free stock swap ; Halliburton and Dresser rank among the four-largest companies in the oilfield services industry ( M )
In announcing the project in 2000 , Boeing predicted that the market for in-flight Internet access would be worth $ 70 billion over 10 years .
But the disclosure of the study contradicts earlier public statements by Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , about the safety of Celebrex .
For the last two weeks , the son of Gap 's founders and the board 's chairman , Robert J. Fisher , conducted a series of secret conference calls with fellow directors .
NBC then contacted Microsoft about the possibility of a joint move .
IBM and VeriSign , Internet security and domain-name manager , are to announce three-year services and marketing agreement that is intended to accelerate companies ' adoption of technology to make electronic commerce more secure ( S )
While Time Warner remains in the lead , it is possible Sony could come back to the table with a new offer that has fewer conditions .
Verizon , the dominant telephone provider in the Northeast and Middle Atlantic region , has had the most success among the Bells in signing up long-distance customers .
''If we can get people to do more things with their pictures , we 'll get them to take more pictures , '' said Allen B. Steinman , a photo-retailing specialist whom Kodak hired away from the American Stores chain in April to oversee its retail strategy .
In that case , one possibility could be that AT & T would receive $ 1 billion in cash upon signing the deal sometime in August , $ 3.75 billion in AOL Time Warner shares over the next few months and another $ 3.75 billion in Time Warner Cable shares , to be sold in a public offering next year , for a total of $ 8.5 billion .
Mike Turner , the chief executive of BAE Systems , which owns the remaining 20 percent of Airbus , suggested last month that Airbus might have to revise that figure down to about 280 , the same number that its rival , Boeing , expects to deliver this year .
He said that in conversations , Ms. Deng indicated that she was not only familiar with the News Corporation 's operations in Asia , but also with its rivals ' Asian businesses .
After 102 Years , Campbell Alters Soup Labels
And , most expected Corning Consumer Products , with annual sales around $ 630 million , to fetch no more than $ 650 million .
A lawyer for Apple Computer , Anthony Grabiner , declined to comment outside the courtroom , citing legal restrictions .
Corporation , Novell Inc. , Oracle Corporation , Sun Microsystems , Hewlett-Packard Corporation , Compaq Computer Corporation , on the development or marketing of any product or technology . ''
In a written response yesterday , Brad Chase , a vice president of Microsoft , asserted that Microsoft had done nothing wrong .
Goldman Sachs appeared before the City Planning Commission in part to ensure its support early in the process before signing a long-term lease at 55 Water Street .
It was Union Pacific 's biggest step yet to improve a railroad network that was so slow and snarled two years ago that some customers rebelled and began sending freight by truck .
According to Mr. Mulloy , Intel believes that Intergraph 's patents are not valid , but that if they are valid , Intel already holds licenses to those patents through an agreement with the company that sold the patents to Intergraph as part of a now-defunct chip known as Clipper .
Mr. Mallet , a peripatetic executive who was often Yahoo 's chief salesman and most involved day-to-day manager , has been one of the few members of the company 's original management team to remain .
Cable companies like Comcast and Cox have been in a battle with phone companies for high-speed Internet customers because people who subscribe to one service are more likely to buy other services as well .
Such moves do carry risk for I.B.M .
But nowhere in the 10,000-word tome does he mention the one external force that could alter Microsoft 's future more fundamentally than the forays of any software competitor : the Federal antitrust trial scheduled to begin in Washington a week from today .
DaimlerChrysler announces $ 428 million deal to buy 10 percent of Daewoo Motor 's domestic competitor , Hyundai Motor , and they submit joint bid for Daewoo ; General Motors and Fiat announce they also will join forces ( S )
The decision echoed the course of a review that began in June for the domestic portion of Apple 's account , with billings estimated at $ 80 million .
Such a performance has prompted Morgan Stanley 's critics , as well as senior employees within the firm , to question why Mr. Schaefer , who has presided over the unit for five years , is still running the business .
Starting yesterday , underperforming Morgan Stanley brokers began receiving pink slips as Mr. Mack works toward his goal of culling 1,000 of the least productive of them by the end of the year .
Turkish Government , irked by European Union 's deferral of action on its membership bid , rapidly approved Turkish Airlines plan to buy up to $ 2.5 billion in medium-range planes from Boeing Co and told airline not to proceed with planned purchase of long-range planes from Airbus Industrie , European consortium ; Boeing order is part of effort to improve United States ties ( M )
The two companies -- known as the ''Wintel duopoly '' because of their domination of the personal computer industry with Microsoft 's Windows operating system and Intel 's microprocessors -- have been accused of maintaining monopolies in their respective industries by stifling competition and bullying computer makers , who are their biggest customers .
The new challengers can not match Intel 's performance at the high end , but they can undercut Intel 's prices at the low end .
The slowdown in education sales , traditionally an Apple stronghold that accounts for about 25 percent of revenue , is particularly troubling , they said , because it could indicate the loss of market share .
The Coca-Cola packaging was last changed in 1994 , when a larger drawing of the contour bottle was added to the packaging .
What is the difference between Microsoft Word and Works ?
Vivendi Universal Entertainment is part of NBC Universal , which is 8o percent owned by General Electric and 20 percent owned by Vivendi Universal .
John H. Tyson , chief executive of Tyson Foods , said in a statement : ''Our company has cooperated fully with the S.E.C .
Texas Instruments thus argues that it deserves better treatment from investors than they are giving Intel .
Amgen Seen Near Deal to Buy Immunex for About $ 16 Billion
Passionate Pas Seul by Microsoft 's Chief Executive Captivates Internet Audience
In the current case , the appeals court found that Microsoft had illegally maintained its Windows operating system monopoly by engaging in a number of tactics designed to crush the rival Netscape Navigator browser , which could have become a threat to Windows .
As the nation 's second-largest military contractor , Boeing is dependent on buying decisions from the committee .
Tech companies want to be seen as media companies -- Yahoo , Google -- and media companies want to be seen as Web players -- Comcast , the News Corporation .
Credit and charge card receivables grew smartly in the fourth quarter , even as credit losses continued to decline , a big turnaround from the problems Citigroup has experienced in its card business recently .
Barry Wood , an Exxon Mobil spokesman , declined to comment today , saying , ''It would be premature and inappropriate for Exxon Mobil to comment on the suit since we have not yet been served with the papers . ''
Interpublic chief seeks a top aide : 'Big company , plenty of things to do , look forward to the help . '
''Intel has changed its design paradigm to start not just adding gigahertz , but to adding features that users demand , '' Mr. Otellini said at an analysts ' meeting last month .
For the third quarter , Boeing reported earnings of $ 254 million , or 74 cents a share , up from $ 225 million , or 66 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
( Unlike most corporate executives , Mr. Ballmer and Mr. Gates , both multibillionaires because of their Microsoft holdings , do not receive stock options . )
In January , Cisco announced that it had paid $ 450 million to purchase Airespace Inc. , Aruba 's main rival in the market to build and manage wireless networks inside corporate offices .
Adjusting for a 3-cent-a-share gain last year on the sale of the I.B.M .
General Motors is also using its sponsorship to introduce new commercials .
In his ruling , United States District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson wrote that Microsoft violated the Sherman Antitrust Act .
Noting that General Motors had extended its incentives to 2003 model vehicles now arriving in dealer showrooms , Mr. Hargrove said , ''They could meet our proposals and still lower the cost of their vehicles . ''
In addition to its traditional sales prowess , Dell has some new arrows in its quiver , thanks to its technology and services deals with I.B.M .
To protect itself , Citigroup created securities that functioned like an insurance policy .
Russia 's main international airline , Aeroflot , said it would buy 30 regional jets to be produced in a joint venture between Boeing , and two Russian aircraft producers , Sukhoi and Ilyushin .
Current Chrysler ads , by BBDO , a division of the Omnicom Group , offer no hint for the average car buyer that Chrysler is anything but the American-owned icon it was until 1998 .
Either it will acquire Guidant or it will force Johnson & Johnson to pay more for the company .
A.T. & T. has long been eager to move into those markets .
''There 's no anger here , '' he said from an airplane on his way to a Morgan Stanley management retreat .
Corning 's fiber optic components operations had revenue of about $ 450 million last year .
''Verizon wants much more freedom to move people around or fire them , and that 's not acceptable to our members and it 's not going to be the foundation for a settlement or a partnership . ''
Even so , widespread fears about Microsoft 's market power do not make an antitrust case .
Perhaps as a pre-emptive strike , McDonald 's is also starting to serve stronger coffee .
John Siegenthaler , founder of the First Amendment Center at Vanderbilt University , said , ''Wal-Mart is doing what most corporations do : when they feel pain , they try to salve the wound . ''
''The SARS outbreak , as well as concern about geopolitical tensions , is keeping people from participating in activities that foster picture-taking , '' Daniel A. Carp , Kodak 's chairman , said in a statement .
While Apple was early to portable digital music , it would be distinctly late in entering the world of Internet-connected digital hand-helds .
Microsoft executives and the independent researchers said that the company had bolstered security significantly with the release of Windows XP Service Pack 2 in 2004 .
Software and Information Industry Association , largest software-industry trade group , warns Government not to impose sanctions on Microsoft Corp that could 'fracture ' role of company 's Windows operating system as industry standard , if Government wins its antitrust suit against Microsoft ; group 's report recommends that Government look seriously at breaking up Microsoft as cure for what report regards as lack of competition in software industry ( M )
''The issue had been there for many years , but with Airbus getting the majority of contracts , Boeing took another look , '' said Peter Allgeier , the deputy United States trade representative .
Today , Nintendo seemed intent on proving that its GAMECUBE could compete head-to-head with Sony and Microsoft .
For example , Ernest von Simson states in a three-page declaration without any empirical support that his ''personal view '' is that ''structural separation '' of Microsoft into separate companies ''would increase competition and innovation '' and ''would not cause significant inconvenience to large enterprises . ''
Among them is the media group led by Mr. Braun , who joined Yahoo two years ago with ambitious plans to develop original programming for the Internet from a base in Santa Monica , Calif .
Mr. Lockyer said he believed it was possible to compel Microsoft to live within the law with its current structure , though he said he worried about the effectiveness of any agreements that were limited to changing the company 's conduct , like Microsoft 's 1995 consent decree with the Justice Department to end an earlier antitrust investigation .
Mark Klein was a veteran AT & T technician in 2002 when he began to see what he thought were suspicious connections between that telecommunications giant and the National Security Agency .
The Interpublic statement about Ms. Forissier , 57 , did not elaborate on the abruptness of her departure or why she was leaving ; it included generalities like , ''We wish her well in her future endeavors . ''
A group of the Valley 's leading executives and venture capitalists led by Sun Microsystems ' chairman , Scott McNealy , and the Oracle Corporation 's chairman , Larry Ellison , are quietly orchestrating a movement to develop a new set of structural remedies that would break up Microsoft or simply spin off part of the company .
Government report , produced by National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , shows slight increase in fuel economy of family vehicles in 2000 model year ; improvement is mostly result of loophole that gives carmakers extra mileage credit for vehicles that can run on ethanol , even though virtually no one uses that fuel ; ethanol is sold by only 108 of nation 's 178,000 service stations ; General Motors , Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler are producing roughly 750,000 dual-fuel minivans , small pickup trucks and cars this year at extra cost of up to $ 300 each ; report calculates average fuel economy for all new family vehicles sold in 2000 model year will be 24.7 miles per gallon , after including special treatment of dual-fuel vehicles ; that is up slightly from 24.5 in 1999 model year and same as in 1998 model year , but still below peak of 26.2 miles per gallon in 1987 model year ; graph ; photo ( M )
Microsoft also deliberately designed its Java development tools so that developers who were opting for portability over performance would nevertheless unwittingly write Java applications that would run only on Windows .
Legal experts say it is difficult to assess whether the Supreme Court will hear a direct appeal of the Microsoft case .
FedEx Moves to Expand With Purchase of Kinko 's
BOEING OFFERING $ 13 BILLION TO BUY McDONNELL DOUGLAS , LAST U.S. COMMERCIAL RIVAL
General Motors sells $ 17.5 billion worth of 10-year corporate bonds with yield of 7.22 percent ( M )
''Intel is facing one of its greatest challenges in the last 10 years , '' Mr. Peck said .
And the color orange will turn up in ads for what AT & T will call ''wireless service from AT & T '' ; the name AT & T Wireless will not be revived .
Boeing brought back Harry C. Stonecipher yesterday , a week after Delta said that Gerald Grinstein would succeed Leo Mullin in January .
Europe Names a Trustee To Monitor Microsoft
The consortium -- which is led by Cisco Systems Inc. , the giant Internet networking company , and Motorola Inc. , the maker of wireless telephone products -- is essentially backing an alternative to delivering broadband Internet access through underground cables and wires .
Interpublic fell 14.6 percent , to $ 30.74 , and True North dropped 14.9 percent , to $ 34.74 .
First was Verizon 's demand to change job security language to make it easier to lay off and transfer workers .
Ms. Ramsey closed her eBay operation this year and opened her own store on the Internet .
Cisco had revenue of $ 5.9 billion , compared with $ 4.7 billion in the period a year earlier and $ 5.62 billion in the previous quarter .
On Monday , All Nippon Airways , based in Japan , said it was purchasing 45 737-700 's from Boeing .
The nation 's second-largest cable operator has initiated talks with the four biggest broadcast networks -- CBS , ABC , Fox and NBC -- about testing a service that would give viewers access to top programs , as rated by Nielsen Media Research , soon after their broadcast .
But when Ford Motor rolls out its extensive new advertising campaign this month for the completely redesigned 2002 Explorer , the company will be dealing with the safety issue in a nonintuitive way -- by largely ignoring it .
Wal-Mart has also begun to promote a second film , ''Why Wal-Mart Works & Why That Makes Some People Crazy , '' which casts the company in a rosier light .
To the irascible conservative economist and writer , emperors are the masters of the high technology universe , like Microsoft 's chairman , William H. Gates .
The AT & T subsdiary will handle the entire installation including equipment to operate the cable system .
Analysts said that much of the disappointment on Wall Street yesterday was caused by a lack of specifics about what Kodak would do .
TCI 's @ Home service -- a joint venture with the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , and two cable operators , Comcast and Cox Communications -- offers a similar mix of customized features and access to the Internet .
Court hearing in divorce of former General Electric chairman-chief executive John F Welch Jr from his wife Jane is canceled , suggesting that settlement is being discussed ( M )
But Herschel Shosteck , who runs his own company in Wheaton , Md. , that tracks the cellular business , says that Motorola is still a force in the industry .
''We get lots of questions of when eBay is going to be able to monetize Skype , '' Mr. Albert conceded .
Southern California Edison , which is supporting the state 's complaint , said its claims were based on records that it recently obtained as part of the discovery process in the federal proceeding .
''All this really did was eliminate a big headache for Kodak , '' said Peter J. Enderlin , an analyst with the First Albany Corporation .
''This was a technology that worked , '' said Scott Wyman , a spokesman for Motorola , at headquarters in Schaumburg , Ill. , near Chicago .
Although a federal judge rejected a proposal by Microsoft to donate $ 500 million in cash , in addition to computers and software to thousands of public schools in low-income neighborhoods , the company said that it had reserved the money as required under accounting guidelines .
''To nab cheap fares , more companies are thinking like consumers , '' said Pam Arway , the executive vice president for American Express corporate travel in North America .
The verdict had been expected after an unorthodox ruling by the judge in the case shifted the burden of proof to Morgan Stanley because of what the judge called the firm 's failure to produce documents .
Leading military equipment makers from around world are aggressively promoting their products to India 's huge defense market , with its $ 100 billion in expected spending in next decade ; companies converge in Bangalore for Aero India 2003 , trade show held every two years for aircraft and military companies ; manufacturers are also pursuing contracts to supply other Asian nations with combat aircraft ; most aggressive battle at trade show is among military aircraft makers from Britain , Russia and US over multibillion-dollar order to supply 66 advanced jet trainers to Indian military ; Lockheed Martin vice president Dennys S Plessas says his company sees significant opportunity in India ; photos ( M )
The Tribune article last week , and an article this week in the trade publication Adweek , suggested the client was Procter , which works with Burnett , D'Arcy Masius and other Bcom3 units like the Starcom MediaVest Group .
When asked whether the Democratic alternative of immediate ''rebates '' to poor and middle-class citizens would not be a more potent lift , Mr. Growney said Motorola supported anything ''that gives consumers some dollars . ''
And Microsoft executives declared that there would be no changes in their product plans or business practices as a result of the European decision .
And this week it announced that it was buying several digital printer lines from Heidelberger Druckmaschinen , including Heidelberger 's share of NexPress , a joint venture to which Kodak had contributed many printing patents .
By day 's end , Microsoft had fallen $ 12.3125 , to $ 66.625 , in heavy trading , with more than 155 million shares changing hands .
ConocoPhillips , the oil company , recently agreed to finance much of the construction of the Freeport terminal , partly in exchange for a large portion of the gas expected to be received there .
Interviews this week with a variety of traders , from people who manage their own retirement money to full-time traders to big-time money managers , show how Cisco 's news was anticipated and processed and at times even disregarded .
In a move that could make it easier for record companies to sell and promote songs online , the music distributor for Wal-Mart has agreed to buy some of the assets of Liquid Audio , the troubled digital music pioneer .
Kelly Brooks , a spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta , said on Friday that Berlin Cameron/Red Cell would produce more ads for Coke Classic carrying the ''Real '' theme , as well as additional work for C2 , a struggling new soda .
Eighteen former and current sales representatives for Xerox Corp file charges with Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , contending that they were discriminated against on the basis of race ; also plan to bring private lawsuits agaisnt company , possibly seeking class-action status ; photo ( M )
Since then , other analysts have become much more dubious about the industry in general and about Amazon 's prospects in particular .
I.B.M .
What Microsoft and Intel have yet to prove is that there will be significant consumer demand for the concept .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Cisco Beats Earnings Estimate , Raising Hope for Technology
''I guess I 've made it very clear that we view an Intel investment in Go as an anti-Microsoft move , both because Go competes with our systems software and because we think it will weaken the 386 PC standard , '' Mr. Gates wrote .
News Corporation praised the agreement as a ''template '' of future Internet deals .
Microsoft says it remains skeptical that Linux-based systems will be useful for the desktop .
To help revive its online business , Microsoft recruited a new executive last fall , Richard Belluzzo , to head the company 's consumer group .
PeopleSoft executives said the shares were currently trading at the low end of their historical valuation largely because of the uncertainty created by Oracle 's takeover attempt .
Of the companies ' top sellers , only Pfizer 's Neurontin , which had $ 1.7 billion in sales in the United States last year , could soon face generic competition .
Exxon Mobil Corp is preparing to resume operations in Aceh province of Indonesia after expensive three-month disruption that prompted military offensive by government to restore security to rebellious area ; suspended operations in early March at three gas fields after armed attacks against employees commuting to site ; government responded by cracking down against separatist Muslim rebels in Aceh while trying to persuade Exxon to return to operation that supplies government with $ 1 billion annually in revenue ; photo ( M )
Although Home Mart has more stores , Home Depot was already Mexico 's largest home improvement retailer before the acquisition because its stores are larger .
That is a market that could easily mitigate any number of missteps and blunders -- potentially a market that would remake the cellular phone world that so far has largely eluded Intel .
There is now ''no difference between American Express billing and systems and Rosenbluth 's , '' she added .
The facts proving that Microsoft unlawfully maintained its monopoly power in violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Act are sufficient to meet analogous elements of causes of action arising under the laws of each plaintiff state .
's , thought they were buying soaring shares of United Parcel Service ; Fogdog , an Internet sports equipment merchant ; and Freemarkets , an online auction vendor .
But Mr. Neuwirth said that the Miami cases were ''totally different '' from the earlier cases because they focused ''on Aetna 's failure to tell the truth about the practices it uses to reduce care . ''
A lawsuit filed in California by Apple Computer is drawing the courts into that question : who should be considered a journalist ?
Under its legendary chairman , Thomas J. Watson Jr. , who held sway from the 1950 's through 1971 , I.B.M .
Having made his career by taking on established players , Mr. Murdoch enjoys the disruptive nature of the Internet , News Corporation executives say .
Those disputes also muddy financial forecasts for Boston Scientific , which could end up spending billions of dollars in royalties and penalties , depending on the outcomes of the legal cases .
That strategic shift will be very much in evidence on Monday when PC makers announce the first new computers based on Intel 's new chips .
Executive to Leave AT & T
Mr. Rubin had been asked to make the call by the head of Citigroup 's investment banking unit at the time , Michael A. Carpenter , according to the staff report by the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee .
Television and print ads by Cooper DDB in Coral Gables , Fla. , part of the DDB Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group , are centered on models of Carnival cruise ships wrapped in red gift ribbons and bows ; the commercials add jingling bells to the Carnival theme song , ''Beyond the Sea . ''
Together with the General Mills yogurt business , which consists of Yoplait and Colombo yogurt , it would create a behemoth with $ 1.7 billion in sales in that crucial corner of the supermarket .
Coca-Cola expanded its relationship with Mother in London by naming the agency to handle the Coca-Cola brand assignment in England and Ireland , which had been handled by the London office of McCann-Erickson .
Frank Governali , a telecommunications analyst at the CS First Boston Corporation , said the retrenchment announced by A.T. & T. yesterday was only slightly bigger than what many experts had been expecting and would serve in large part to streamline the company .
''Microsoft and especially Windows NT are just taking over the desktop in the Federal Government , '' said Robert Dornan , senior vice president of Federal Sources Inc. , a research firm in McLean , Va. ''And I do n't see anything on the horizon that would undermine its success . ''
Pioneer asked ChannelAdvisor , the intermediary that operates the Pioneer store on eBay , to repeat the experiment .
Microsoft 's actions increased the likelihood that pre-installation of Navigator onto Windows would cause user confusion and system degradation and therefore lead to higher support costs and reduced sales for the OEM 's .
Microsoft Sees Clear Victory On 'Bundling '
Pfizer 's merger with Warner-Lambert in 2000 gave it consolidated control of Lipitor , Warner-Lambert 's blockbuster cholesterol-lowering drug , which the two companies had been marketing together .
Microsoft intends to use material from the book as evidence that Netscape 's troubles resulted largely from its own missteps , not from any predatory practices by Microsoft .
Shares of Boeing fell $ 2.42 each yesterday , to $ 40.80 .
Compaq Computer and Intuit , leading producer of personal-finance software , sign two-year agreement expected to generate $ 60 million in revenue for two companies ; Intuit will purchase Compaq equipment , technology and services to run its Web sites and Compaq will advertise on Intuit 's Web sites ; Compaq will bundle Intuit 's Quicken financial software on its personal computers to generate additional revenue for Intuit ( S )
Michael Lotito , a longtime top media executive , is leaving his post as president and chief operating officer at Initiative Media North America in New York , part of the Initiative Media Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , to head a new business-development venture for Interpublic .
Intel says slower sales of desktop computers and weaker prices led it to miss fourth-quarter revenue target ; revenue rose 6 percent in fourth quarter , to $ 10.2 billion ; net profit was $ 2.45 billion , up 16 percent ( M )
Now , not only do I not subscribe to Verizon , I do n't pay for my Internet access , period .
News Corp promotes Peter Chernin , chairman of 20th Century Fox unit , to newly created position of president of News Corp ; company names Chernin and Chase Carey , chairman of Fox Television Group , as co-chief operating officers of News Corp ; both men are named to board , along with Rupert Murdoch 's son , Lachlan Murdoch , who is managing director of News Ltd of Australia ; Chernin and Carey are also appointed to newly created office of chairman , which has been established to oversee worldwide operations and will include Murdoch , David F DeVoe , chief financial officer , and Arthur M Siskind , the general counsel ( L )
Inflating shipping costs is another no-no , partly because it can be used to circumvent eBay 's fees .
Mystery Grows Over Payment by Morgan Stanley
''I do n't want to go to these books anymore , and I do n't want to buy these books anymore , '' said Mr. Kirshbaum , of Warner Books , a unit of Time Warner Inc. , who was one of the executives who participated in the decision to acquire Ms. Barbieri 's book for Little , Brown & Company .
is already examining accusations by California utility regulators and Southern California Edison that El Paso 's marketing affiliate used its control of the pipeline space last year to curtail the flow of gas so that it could drive up prices during winter .
Drop in Overseas Sales Hurts Oracle
Marriott and Host Marriott , a separate , publicly traded hotel company , are partners in CBM , which includes 120 hotels catering to budget business travelers under the Courtyard name .
Under the old contract , Verizon was barred from transferring more than 0.7 percent of the unionized jobs in a state to another location each year .
Though officials of both firms dismiss speculation that they can not hold their own against Citigroup and the newly formed J. P. Morgan Chase , that notion has begun to sink in with corporate executives .
The downtown landlords ' group , led by David J. Campoli , the regional manager of Comcast 's landlord , HRPT Properties Trust of Newton , Mass. , says that awarding the Keystone designation to 1 Pennsylvania Plaza would put other property owners at a competitive disadvantage .
Even though fears that the News Corporation might try to make a deal with Echostar have sent Hughes stock reeling , Hughes holders who oppose working with the News Corporation may be hard to dissuade .
Pfizer has been fighting to prevent the release of hundreds of similar documents , which it says are confidential information .
It will be available in coffeehouses in Seattle , San Francisco and Dallas this summer and in 70 percent of the company 's North American stores within a year , Starbucks said .
''We see we can be better for communities than we have been in the past if we are willing to stretch ourselves and our resources , '' Wal-Mart 's chief executive , H. Lee Scott Jr. , said in a conference call with reporters yesterday from Chicago , where Wal-Mart plans to open its first urban store .
The global music trade group , the International Federation for the Phonographic Industry , based in London , has long pushed for ''interoperability , '' saying Apple should license its digital management system so that iTunes music plays on devices other than the iPod .
Microsoft executives applauded today 's decision .
I.B.M .
The special call management software is relatively easy to configure , but it was unnecessarily difficult to import the hundreds of names and telephone numbers I have collected in Microsoft Outlook into the new phone 's directory .
Under the latest plan , the option votes will be included with a category of shares not under the Molson family 's control .
Mr. Black devotes a chapter to two case studies as he strives to make his case that I.B.M .
Whether he was lucky or smart , Mr. Case struck the deal with Time Warner at a time it would give him the most advantage .
Instead , the analysts say , the lingering issue about I.B.M .
''We are pleased to be providing Yahoo Search feeds to Groxis and lend support to the great work they are doing in the search , education and research arenas , '' said Jennifer Stephens , a Yahoo Search spokeswoman .
The most divisive issue involves Boeing 's practice of contracting with some overseas companies and some domestic nonunion companies to produce airplane parts .
Time Warner Cable and CBS Corp sign agreement for Time Warner 's cable systems to carry digital television signals of CBS 's 14 television stations , by adding extra channels to cable systems ; although agreement will affect few customers now , it is first such pact ( M )
The lack of interest also indicates that in a variety of industries outside the desktop computer business there remain significant concerns about Microsoft 's potential to use its personal computer monopoly and its .Net software to leverage its brand into a broad range of service businesses .
Part of the explanation is that Microsoft 's business is a money machine that piles up cash far faster than the company spends it .
Some people are now wondering whether his past pay should be reconsidered in light of the giant charges at Citigroup .
Telephone companies see their future in flat-rate plans of many services ; most leading companies , including MCI , AT & T , BellSouth , Qwest Communications , SBC Communications and Verizon , have introduced programs that allow customers in some states to make unlimited local and national calls for one flat monthly price ; plans commonly cost $ 50 to $ 60 a month with services like voice mail and caller ID bundled in , making price only slightly higher than $ 48 that American households typically spend on local nd long-distance calling ; chart ( M )
General Mills will acquire Pillsbury division of Diageo PLC for $ 10.5 billion , vaulting company into No .
H & R Block entered the subprime mortgage industry in 1997 , when it acquired Option One from Fleet Financial .
Laura Bracken succeeds departing Hans Logie as senior vice president and media director at San Francisco office of Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos division of Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
''I think he has been pretty consistent in the idea that content is king , '' said Frederick E. Rowe , a Dallas money manager who is a longtime News Corporation shareholder .
But CBS moved the show from its established slot on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. to the 10 p.m. hour , where it lost more viewers , and weeks later , to Wednesdays at 8 p.m. , where it has sunk even further .
with me , '' said Robert F. Scott , Morgan Stanley 's chief financial officer .
In addition to the RWE offer , it attracted bids from Duke Energy of the United States , E.on of Germany and a consortium including Gaz de France and Germany 's Ruhrgas .
Even customers that are sticking with Xerox are spreading the wealth around .
Wal-Mart 's aggressive new posture is a departure from its tradition of relying on an internal staff to manage the company 's image .
The biggest potential pitfall in the transition for Apple is the possibility of forcing its customers to give up their existing Macintosh programs , but here the company may already have a workable solution that has received little publicity .
Priceline also faced stiff new competition in the fourth quarter , as Hotwire.com , an airline-backed Web site that also offers discount tickets , formally opened for business .
Allied Signal Inc and Honeywell Inc are set to announce merger in stock swap valued around $ 14 billion ; deal -- technically more like an acquisition than a merger -- will create company with $ 25 billion in annual sales and a market capitalization in excess of $ 45 billion ; will be called Honeywell International and will be based in Morristown , NJ , Allied 's current headquarters ; merger is expected to eliminate 4,500 jobs ; Lawrence A Bossidy , Allied 's chairman , will be chairman of combined company , and Michael Bonsignore , Honeywell 's chief executive , will be its chief executive and add chairman 's title when Bossidy retires ; Robert D Johnson , president of Allied 's aerospace group , and Giannantonio Ferrari , Honeywell 's president , will share chief operating officer 's slot ; Fred Poses , Allied 's president , will leave the company ( M )
The scanning tunneling microscope , invented in 1981 by Gerd Binnig and Heinrich Rohrer of the I.B.M .
But integrating Nikko also poses a challenge for Sallie L. Krawcheck , who is expected to take over Citigroup 's brokerage and private banking group next week .
Procter & Gamble in Cincinnati is beginning its first United States campaign that uses text messaging on many cellphones as a medium .
The London office of Lowe , as the lead creative agency , led the Interpublic team that competed to be named to handle the consolidated assignments in a review that began in January .
Oracle , he said , was mainly interested in acquiring PeopleSoft 's corporate customers and switching them to Oracle 's competing software .
''This is a stake in the ground for the personal computer industry , '' Rich Tong , a Microsoft marketing vice president , said .
Microsoft underscored that concern when it warned last week that it is facing both profit and sales erosion in the quarter that will end on Dec. 31 .
Coca-Cola said yesterday that it would set the value of the options by asking investment banks to submit firm bids to buy or sell options under the identical terms of the options being granted .
For example , in a second commercial , an actor portraying the anchor of a newscast is watching a mock news conference on a monitor in which an actor portraying a consumer advocate denigrates the `` dramatic savings '' offered by an AT & T rival .
Moreover , American and European officials do not see eye to eye on how to deal with future conflicts like the Boeing case .
The main market for the Microsoft-AT & T partnership is expected to be business customers .
The unions assert that Verizon is using industry upheaval as an excuse to demand undue flexibility in moving or removing workers .
The real fireworks today came after Mr. Rosen said that he did not regard Netscape as a rival in June 1995 and that one of his goals was to ''encourage them to write a good browser for Windows 95 '' -- the Microsoft operating system introduced in August 1995 .
Union officials said Verizon was trying to pressure them into altering the expiration date of a contract for the 50 employees within Verizon Wireless who are unionized .
They said they believed that on average , the Transmeta approach yields no advantage over Intel 's in power savings .
Business travel spending in China is now $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion a year , American Express estimated .
The portion of the new outreach program called ''Associates Out in Front '' is described in company documents as a way for Wal-Mart to show workers ''that we do appreciate you and that we have an ongoing commitment to listening to and addressing your concerns . ''
Citigroup 's retail banking profit rose 26 percent , as the company benefited from its recent acquisitions of the European American Bank and Grupo Financiero Banamex-Accival , Mexico 's second-largest bank .
Wal-Mart Stores may have lost the online DVD rental battle , but it has no plans to lose the higher-stakes video downloading war .
Patty Smith , an Amazon spokeswoman , declined comment .
That 's a fitting job description for the new post of chief operating officer at the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York .
More important in many ways , the far-reaching changes such a deal would presumably cause holds the promise of shaking up and integrating a company that was largely a federation of fiefs -- Time Warner 's movie studio , the cable systems , the magazine business and so on .
Screen Actors Guild members Scott Wilson and Tom Bower begin legal action in Federal District Court in Los Angeles against executive director Robert Pisano , saying his membership on board of Netflix , DVD rental company , creates conflict of interest that makes him unable to negotiate on their behalf in coming labor talks ; demand his resignation ( M )
In court papers disclosed this week , Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , the world 's largest Coca-Cola bottler , is accused of engaging in fraud , wiretapping and other tactics in an effort to drive a small Maryland soft-drink distributor out of business .
Carnival is looking at ways to absorb the cost of potential litigation , either on its own or by structuring its offer so that P & O shareholders would foot part of the bill , one person said .
Under the agreement , Amazon is making a $ 35 million investment in the Manhattan auction house .
American Express survey shows corporate travel departments are finding or demanding access to lower airfares , which sometimes are available only on airline or travel Web booking sites ; finds two-thirds of corporate travel executives say they encourage booking advance-purchase nonrefundable tickets ; Expedia.com is introducing page that lists many hotels offering high-speed Internet access in top 10 domestic business-travel cities ; aviation consultant Michael Boyd says former Vice Pres Al Gore , who was searched at Reagan National Airport last week and searched again in Milwaukee before his return trip , is not only ex-vice president to receive full security treatment at airport ; says former Vice Pres Dan Quayle has said he has been selected on several occasions for full treatment ; business consultant Mark Ellwood has written book called Cut the Glut of E-Mail ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
Moody 's Investors Service put the Sony Corporation 's Aa3 long-term credit rating on review for possible downgrading , citing the company 's weakened prospects to generate profits .
name from its brand-building venture than analysts and marketing experts had expected , leaving many wondering if Lenovo has abandoned the I.B.M .
The discussions , which were described as Mr. Purcell 's idea , came as Morgan Stanley 's largest shareholders continue to put pressure on the board .
Until now , the battle over the market for Internet viewing of multimedia presentations has largely been between Microsoft , which has built many of the most popular formats into its Windows Media Player , and Real Networks , maker of the Realplayer streaming software .
Mr. de Vink would not say what company was involved , but industry executives said Pfizer was trying to negotiate a merger with the Monsanto Company .
Tom Adams , founder of Adams Market Research , said that although Wal-Mart.com was gaining subscribers , it would have , at most , a fifth the number of Netflix subscribers at the end of the year .
Late today , Microsoft did get one piece of good news .
Having full control of Cingular , which will be rebranded AT & T Wireless , will allow AT & T to sell wireless and landline services nationwide .
The head of Yahoo 's technology group , Farzad Nazem , left late last month after 11 years with the company .
Sony , the largest console maker , for example , has agreed to joint development work with I.B.M. , but has made no commitment on manufacturing .
RealNetworks vice president David Richards accuses Microsoft Corp of withholding information that would have allowed RealNetworks ' video and audio software to work as well with Microsoft 's operating system as rival software made by Microsoft does , hearing to determine what penalties Microsoft will face for violating federal antitrust laws ; Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly strikes from record portions of Richards 's testimony in which he said pressure from Microsoft had led IBM and Compaq Computer to give RealNetworks less favorable contract terms ; she also casts some doubt on relevance of his complaints about Microsoft 's delay in disclosing technical information ( M )
An article in Business Day last Wednesday about the News Corporation 's decision to sell Maximum Golf referred incorrectly to the effect on the company 's magazine operations .
Motorola has taken a low-key approach to sorting out what happened .
Some , like a nightly editorial by commentators outside CBS News , were not well received by many critics and some members of the staff .
Amazon.com 's new stores collect items from other merchants , occasionally alongside goods already sold by Amazon .
The company 's chief executive , Craig R. Barrett , said in a statement that Intel had been served well by its ''aggressive R. & D .
In a statement today , the Justice Department said that ''Microsoft 's proposal is ineffective and filled with loopholes . ''
Quarterly revenue was $ 20.7 billion , in line with estimates , but off 10 percent from last year , before I.B.M .
Talks Stall At Boeing , And Engineers Go On Strike
Gemstar also contends that DirecTV , the nation 's leading satellite TV provider , is using Gemstar patents for its onscreen guide , but Gemstar has not taken any legal action -- which makes sense considering that News Corporation is trying to purchase DirecTV .
But yesterday , eight months into the ''I 'm lovin ' it '' regime , McDonald 's executives described a new round of 13 commercials from agencies around the world in which the theme remains nothing but love .
Frontier , the nation 's fifth-largest long-distance company , said it had lost the bulk of its business from Excel Communications , a company that buys long-distance capacity on Frontier 's network and resells it to users .
But what is different this time around is that analysts are challenging the company 's chief executive , Paul S. Pressler , a former Disney executive who took over Gap in 2002 with little retail experience .
Shares of Coca-Cola , rose 74 cents , or 1.9 percent , to close at $ 39.74 on the New York Stock Exchange .
About 20 years ago the building was transformed again , this time into an office and showroom for Hasbro , the toy company .
By offering its own free alternative to Microsoft Office , Mr. Varian said , Sun might discourage any new Microsoft spin-off from trying to compete in the Linux market .
A Royal Bank spokesman in Toronto , Joe Konecny , confirmed that the bank helps some big clients obtain American Express cards , but said he was unaware of any evidence that it was helping Americans evade taxes .
''We 're finally really seeing the fruits of the long-term R. & D. investments Microsoft has been making in its Windows operating system , '' said John G. Connors , the chief financial officer .
Michael D Fascitelli , 40-year-old partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co , quits to become president of Vornado Realty Trust for compensation package worth at least $ 50 million ( S )
After the earnings report , a Lehman Brothers analyst , Nicholas Lobaccoro , cut his rating on General Motors to neutral from outperform .
By withholding crucial information about Windows code , the commission said Microsoft had prevented rival makers of low-end server software from being able to interoperate with Windows .
Two weeks ago , Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of the News Corporation , agreed to pay $ 580 million for Intermix , the parent company of MySpace.com , a social networking site that has more than 16 million users .
But investigators see the document as a confession by Mr. Grubman that he had fraudulently misled investors about his true opinion of AT & T 's prospects .
Just since January , Microsoft has taken a $ 500 million , 5 percent stake in NTL Inc. , Britain 's third-largest cable company .
In accepting the EMI offer , Time Warner would then have the option of selling separately its music publishing unit , Warner Chappell , for what analysts expect would be about $ 1.3 billion .
Marsh & McLennan also announced the creation of two new positions .
J D Biersdorfer column assesses five of most-popular Internet instant-messaging programs ; notes incompatability among them ; prefers AOL Instant Messenger ; other four are ICQ , MSN Messenger , Yahoo Messenger and Odigo Messenger ( M )
''AOL has been using the political and legal system to compete against Microsoft for years , '' the company said .
When they filed their antitrust suit against Microsoft in May 1998 -- a month before Windows 98 went on sale -- the federal and state authorities also sought a preliminary order forcing Microsoft to change its new system .
On that , the Web-performance industry splits into two factions , whose leaders are divided by technologies and an entire continent : Inktomi , based in Foster City , Calif. , and Akamai , in Cambridge , Mass .
Computers being sold by Compaq , Hewlett-Packard , Sony and Acer , among others , were shown with their desktops modified so that they showed Internet sign-up offers and other options , either alongside Microsoft 's offers or ahead of them .
2 in House Question Halliburton 's Iraq Fuel Prices
Holders Back Time Warner-Turner Merger
Microsoft files unexpected brief with Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that quotes from Justice Department 's own 1995 argument against breaking up company in earlier antitrust case against Microsoft ; also repeats its own earlier legal arguments ( M )
BBDO Pulls Out Of Kellogg Review
While its chief executive , Daniel A. Carp , has spent his entire career at Kodak , nearly all its other high-ranking officers have been hired in the last year from competitors like Lexmark and Hewlett-Packard .
would not require that all Web site order forms and all digital wallets look the same -- a point clearly demonstrated by the different approaches that I.B.M .
He said that Expedia would try to differentiate itself through more useful features and additional content , like hotel reviews .
People in the Times/CBS poll were more inclined than a year ago to side with Microsoft on a key issue in the case -- 52 percent of computer users agreed with Microsoft that its practices are good for consumers versus the 25 percent who agreed with the Justice Department that the company 's practices harm consumers .
A Bank of America spokeswoman said in a statement : ''Bank of America has not yet reviewed the terms of Citigroup 's settlement , but it has not caused us to increase our view of potential liability .
In this latest instance of an advertiser 's appropriating elements of popular culture , AT & T is declaring the `` Rategate '' crime to be the purportedly overstated savings on long-distance calls promised by competitors that are smaller and less known than MCI or Sprint .
Kodak does face problems in the first quarter .
The new Procter policies may also benefit another Gillette creative agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , part of the WPP Group , which builds campaigns overseas for Gillette brands like Duracell .
In the recent interview , Mr. Belluzzo said that Microsoft has spent months improving its online software and services offerings .
A similar view was voiced by several private experts on military technology , including John Pike of Globalsecurity.org in Alexandria , Va. ''Boeing won the contract by proposing a price that was way below what the project will actually cost , '' Mr. Pike said .
Supreme Court justices give sympathetic hearing to Nike 's argument that its defense of its overseas labor practices is kind of speech that First Amendment protects to fullest extent , not just 'commercial speech , ' as California Supreme Court has ruled , entitled to only minimal First Amendment protection ; company seeks dismissal of suit brought by Marc Kasky under California 's unfair-trade-practices law charging that Nike misrepresented its record in letters , press releases and Op-Ed articles that amounted to false advertising ; Laurence H Tribe , Nike 's lawyer , argues that this is not advertising but rather Nike 's side of intense debate on pros and cons of globalization ; Bush administration enters case on Nike 's side ; photo of antiglobalization demonstrators outside court building ( M )
Also weighing on the Dow were declines in Boeing , down $ 2 , to $ 66 ; General Motors , lower by $ 1.71 , to $ 55.18 ; American Express , down $ 1.35 , to $ 44.70 ; and Merck , which fell $ 1.10 , to $ 74 .
The turn of events led to internal meetings today at United Technologies about the possibility of making a bid for Honeywell , people close to the company said .
Shares of Baoshan Iron and Steel surged on their first day of trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange .
This time , the advertiser is Samsung Electronics of South Korea , which has ended a contentious eight-month review of its global account by appointing the WPP agencies to handle the creative duties , previously handled by the Interpublic agency Foote Cone & Belding , and the media planning and buying , previously handled by an Interpublic media agency , Initiative .
Honeywell is paying $ 35 a share for Measurex , a level the company 's stock has not seen since late 1995 , when paper prices started to fall .
Separately , in a telephone conference call with industry consultants on Friday , an I.B.M .
Surrounding him and his visitors were the trappings of wealth -- windows that beckoned with views of New York Harbor , Chinese antiques , the services of a butler and a maid -- acquired over his nearly four decades leading the American International Group , the global insurance giant .
Their destination : Camp Yahoo , where the wine flowed liberally , the lobsters were boiled by the dozens and the pool offered a chance to lounge on giant purple-and-yellow beach towels being given away .
''We 've found that customers really do appreciate the self-service features we 've got , '' said Craig Berman , an Amazon spokesman .
To avoid overheating and damaging the computer 's electronics , for example , Apple recommends that users do not stack Minis on top of each other .
United Technologies Corp , one of the last old-style conglomerates , is expected to buy Honeywell International Inc for about $ 40.3 billion in stock ; acquisition would create industrial behemoth , bringing together United Technologies ' Otis Elevators , Pratt & Whitney aircraft engines , Sikorsky helicopters and Carrier air-conditioners with Honeywell 's aerospace systems , power and transportation products , specialty chemicals and home security systems ; George David , chief executive of United Technologies , is expected to head combined company ; his photo ; charts profile two companies ( M )
''Amazon remains confident that one-click is valid . ''
He added that Yahoo would give some nonprofit organizations like the Library of Congress the ability to add pages to its index without paying .
Janus had been the third-largest holder of Cisco until the first-quarter sales pruned its holdings to 107.5 million shares from nearly 183 million .
A justice in State Supreme Court in White Plains yesterday blocked a proposal by General Electric to build a $ 20 million hangar for company jets at the Westchester County Airport , lawyers for both sides in the case said .
Outcome of Government 's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp will largely hinge on whether Federal courts are impressed by work and judgment of Phillip R Malone , senior staff lawyer in Justice Dept 's San Francisco office who led agency 's investigation of software powerhouse ; Malone is portrayed as driving force behind Justice Dept 's decision to sue Microsoft ; Malone and his staff accumulated evidence in case and criss-crossed country taking dozens of new depositions ; he also coordinated Government 's trial preparation ; Malone has pursued company with intensity and stamina others find remarkable ; photo ( M )
Microsoft developed an operating system for the Pocket PC and licensed it to manufacturers including Hewlett-Packard ; in April 2000 the two companies began to advertise the Pocket PC in newspapers and other national publications .
By offering regular buyers the same fat discounts once reserved for company insiders , General Motors scored its best month in 19 years , with sales rising 46.9 percent by volume in June from a year earlier , according to the Autodata Corporation , which tracks sales figures .
Citigroup executives have called such unwanted businesses ''hobbies '' because , in their view , the company lacks either the size or the competence in those arenas to be competitive .
With enough visits to McDonald 's , children will be able to collect eight different Hummers in a variety of colors , including two versions of the H1 , the original and most monstrous member of the Hummer family , which General Motors stopped making in June .
How well the drug does will be crucial to the future of the companies , particularly Schering-Plough , which is smaller than Merck and has few other strong products .
Sir Deryck C. Maughan , the former chairman of Citigroup 's international operations who was forced out last year after authorities closed the company 's private banking operations in Japan , has been appointed to head the Asian operations of the private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts , the firm said .
said that it had considered withdrawing its proposal as late as today , but did not because of its legal obligations to Honeywell , which refused to abandon the effort .
Mr. Zyman left Coca-Cola on May 1 .
Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of mail fraud , wire fraud , bringing in and harboring illegal immigrants and engaging in a ''pattern of racketeering activity '' to prevent officials from enforcing wage and immigration laws .
IBM reaches alliance with NetSolve , remote network and security management provider , to offer range of network services to its customers ; deal is part of IBM 's strategy to persuade customers to purchase information technology like software and data storage as utility-like services over Internet ( S )
''Did n't these people all say that what Oracle and SAP sell is different than what other companies sell ? ''
Making New Friends At Procter & Gamble ; With Whirlpool , Trying to Change Consumer Habits
Microsoft said it had signed an agreement with the British information systems developer ICL P.L.C .
The decline in the stock market has not stopped General Motors from pushing for the completion of the deal .
I.B.M .
As regards tying , Microsoft is required , within 90 days , to offer to PC manufacturers a version of its Windows client PC operating system without W.M.P .
But after a recent visit to a Foot Locker store in midtown , she said of Nike 's latest offerings , ''Everything was old . ''
''His contribution was immense , and it influenced the work of many , including me , '' Frances Allen , a retired research fellow at I.B.M. , said yesterday .
Other details were provided yesterday by Verizon Communications , which was on the other side of the transaction and profited from it , and by a person close to Tyco .
If effective , the information disclosure requirement could help ensure that Microsoft can not use its Windows technology , or the threat of withholding the information , to disadvantage rivals in the markets for data-serving computers and software , hand-held devices and Internet software .
The Interpublic Group of Companies is once again creating a media agency to handle accounts that would present conflicts with clients at existing Interpublic media agencies .
For some the Gap ad is risky business .
Although Intel is not expected to enter the market for digital televisions for at least a year , Philips Electronics , the Dutch manufacturer , and several American start-up companies have already begun offering liquid crystal on silicon , or LCoS , components and televisions .
Whatever the reason , Xerox 's earnings have ridden a wildly unpredictable roller coaster of late .
Halliburton also implied in its statement last week that security concerns contributed to the $ 1.59-a-gallon cost of gasoline .
According to Information Resources , a market research firm , Procter & Gamble has sold about $ 12 million of Simply Smooth , which comes in regular and decaffeinated , from its introduction in April until the end of the year .
It prodded computer makers and others to distribute its browser , folded the browser into its industry-dominant Windows operating system and gave the browser away free -- a campaign intended to ''cut off their air supply , '' as a senior Microsoft executive described it .
Microsoft announced a new software development strategy Wednesday that aims to blur the distinction between its PC game and Xbox video game console businesses .
But British Air said it was canceling previous orders for 5 of 15 larger and more expensive Boeing 747-400 's , as well as options on 7 more .
Some people close to the commission have said that the European regulators want General Electric to sell or spin off the unit outright .
All 10 directors seeking re-election to the Interpublic board , including Mr. Bell , were successful .
We are maintaining our proportionate interest in Viacom -- which we intend to hold forever . ''
AOL 's proposal calls for AT & T to merge AT & T Broadband with AOL 's cable business , the executives said .
Campbell plans to sell several of its businesses with sales of $ 500 million in the next two years , and the restructuring would result in savings of $ 200 million , the company said .
Coca-Cola Enterprises paid Epic $ 21,000 in cash to set up a sham company with the goal of catching B. K. Miller and others in the act of selling soft drinks outside their designated territory , the Baltimore-Washington area .
Coca-Cola Co is again seeking ideas for its Diet Coke soft drink beyond brand 's agency of record , Lowe & Partners/SMS in New York , by naming Wieden & Kennedy to handle undisclosed creative television assignments ( S )
The agents and the insurance company , Allstate executives said , are negotiating a possible settlement .
Mr. Lanier 's efforts to influence the jury began early on as he and lawyers for Merck jousted over which jurors would hear the case .
Nor will it sport the current cash flow that was represented by an old Time Warner share .
Be , which is led by Jean-Louis Gassee , a former Apple executive , is a small private company that is trying to create an extremely fast , simple system that controls the look and feel of a computer , stepping ahead of both the Apple and Microsoft systems .
EBay , the giant online marketplace , reported Wednesday that profit rose 28 percent in the first quarter and that revenue topped $ 1 billion for the first time , based largely on strong growth overseas .
Mr. Ballmer is trying to avert a ruling by the European Commission that would brand Microsoft an abusive monopolist , possibly opening the company up to similar legal challenges elsewhere .
In the last several weeks , AT & T and its layoffs have come under a torrent of hostile coverage on television , newspapers and news magazines that have highlighted the company 's cutbacks as a sign of deeper troubles in the American workplace .
In acknowledging on Tuesday that it had paid for the investigation , Oracle declared , ''Left undisclosed , these Microsoft front groups could have improperly influenced one of the most important antitrust cases in U.S .
Snow was a member of the Verizon board from 2000 to 2002 and on its compensation committee in 2001 .
Verizon 's research showed that people wanted to be located easily .
Netflix appears to remain in the lead , analysts said , because its brand is so associated with online rentals and because it has more distribution centers , providing faster deliveries for customers .
The Comcast Corporation , the cable giant , said yesterday that it was in talks with Time Warner Inc. to make a joint bid for Adelphia Communications , which has been operating under bankruptcy protection .
''Wal-Mart Stores did miss their plan as our customer continues to be impacted by higher gas prices and it is difficult to improve our expense leverage in the current environment , '' the chief executive , H. Lee Scott Jr. , said in a statement .
Mr. Weill said in an interview yesterday that the losses would not keep Citigroup from looking for further opportunities to expand in emerging markets , where Citigroup has made several acquisitions in recent years .
''This is a spectacular victory for Microsoft , '' said David Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
But , as the Chevron ad suggests , Western energy companies are also helping by speaking well of a potential partner and rich source of reserves in an era of ever tighter global supply .
About 50 percent of the Pfizer portfolio 's sales are outside the United States .
For the fourth quarter , Yahoo reported revenue , excluding payments to other sites , of $ 1.23 billion , up 15 percent .
In a merger of insurance giants , American International Group , a world leader in corporate insurance , agreed yesterday to buy SunAmerica Inc. , a pioneer in selling investments for retirement , for stock valued at $ 17.8 billion .
There appear to be two main reasons why AT & T is actively considering options other than a deal with Comcast -- issues on which Mr. Roberts of Comcast may have to become more flexible if he wants AT & T 's cooperation .
The main element in the deal , Microsoft said , was settling a long-running patent dispute in which Apple had demanded first $ 1.2 billion and then ''several hundred million dollars '' at two points in 1997 .
By contrast , Comcast was valued at $ 77 billion , or more than four times revenue .
I.B.M .
''I.B.M .
No major music company would be likely to try buying it , because of the regulatory cloud , and few private equity investors would be interested in buying without the publishing arm , assuming that Time Warner had already sold it separately .
Amazon.com has more than three times the customers of Barnesandnoble.com , the second largest online bookseller , and most of Amazon 's customers come directly to its own Web site .
Thirteen people were accused yesterday of taking part in the trading ring , including a former Morgan Stanley compliance official , a senior UBS research executive , three employees from Bear Stearns and a Bank of America employee .
Manufacturers then cut production volumes , and thus their demand for Intel chips , he said .
Though Tom Brokaw and Lesley Stahl were interviewed , Mr. Rather -- by his choice , a CBS executive said -- was not .
''Even if they did , I do n't think it would meet the concerns of the commission , '' said Thomas Vinje , a partner in the Brussels office of Morrison & Foerster and a vocal opponent of Microsoft in the European antitrust case .
That 's what you have in the case of Halliburton ; that 's what you have in the case of Honeywell . ''
Oracle executives said that they would not have proceeded with a higher offer if they were not confident a deal would be approved by federal regulators .
The financial markets seemed unfazed by Moody 's decision .
The agreement reached with Boeing marked a major display of power by Europe 's Minister of Competition , Karel van Miert , and a clear sign that European leaders are willing to impose their will on global companies regardless of territorial boundaries .
Five months after announcing a $ 25 million plan to begin its own on-line auction business , Sotheby 's has entered into an alliance with Amazon.com to begin selling art and collectibles later this year .
So , the Dragons moved from Des Moines , where they were known as the Iowa Barnstormers ( Kurt Warner honed his quick release there ) , to Long Island , and the Phantoms left Hartford , where they were the New England Sea Wolves , for Toronto .
Wal-Mart recruits seasoned political operatives and media consultants to improve its image with reluctant consumers ; is under fire from well-organized opponents who criticize its wages , health insurance and treatment of workers ; at first mention of any criticism , war room inside headquarters of Wal-Mart swings into action with press releases , phone calls to reporters and instant Web postings ; approach appears to reflect fear that Wal-Mart 's critics are alienating very consumers it needs to keep growing , expecially middle-income Americans motivated not just by price , but by image ; first big challenge of strategy comes Nov 1 with premier of Robert Greenwald 's unflattering documentary , Wal-Mart : The High Cost of Low Price , that will be released in two dozen theaters ; war room 's counteroffensive has already begun ; photo ( M )
Interpublic Group of Companies in New York says it has opened sports marketing unit named Octagon ( S )
That is a beautiful thing for Yahoo and Google , of course , but in the long term , some analysts think it could haunt them .
Indeed , the previous antitrust settlement Microsoft agreed to in 1994 -- a ''consent decree '' in the United States , and an ''undertaking '' in Europe -- was negotiated simultaneously in Washington and Brussels .
The Kellogg answer : Maybe so , if one eats low-fat foods like cereal , along with cutting down on saturated fat and cholesterol .
Stepping into that job now is Jeffrey H. Blattner , who has been a special counsel in the division serving as chief of staff for the Microsoft case .
''The challenge that faces him is to complete the unification of I.B.M .
Boeing 's overall earnings decline was primarily caused by a one-time after-tax charge of $ 219 million related to production problems plaguing the so-called next-generation 737 .
''Amazon went to a lot of premium-name apparel catalogers , but it was asking for too much , '' Ms. Johnson said .
Microsoft executives say it makes sense to use thousands of temporary workers because the company has so many projects -- like new software development -- that last six months .
''Pfizer is clearly committed to acquiring Warner-Lambert at any cost .
Goldman Sachs Group says earnings in its first quarter fell 32 percent , to $ 424 million , above analysts ' expectations ; investment banking revenue was $ 893 million , down 22 percent from quarter year earlier but up 12 percent from fourth quarter of 2001 ; Goldman 's outlook for its business does not bode well for rest of steadily shrinking Wall Street ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Mr. Garabadian also took part in the studies of the Gleevec and Pfizer studies .
For example , ''They would n't have much information about cellular calls , whether cellular-to-cellular or cellular-to-wired calls , '' said Andrew Odlyzko , the director of the Digital Technology Center at the University of Minnesota and former researcher at AT & T Labs .
Merck acknowledges that Vioxx increases heart attack risks when it is taken for more than 18 consecutive months but says that the drug has not been proven to increase risk when it is used for shorter periods .
The board of PeopleSoft on Monday rejected the latest offer from Oracle to acquire the company , saying that even at $ 9.4 billion , or $ 26 a share , the bid -- made last Wednesday -- undervalued the company , a producer of business applications software .
Exxon Mobil projected only 3 percent growth this year , and Royal Dutch/ Shell , 5 percent .
For years , the former chief executive of General Electric was viewed as the model of the perfect modern executive .
Governments of France , Belgium , Luxembourg and Netherlands have ordered products from Coca-Cola Co off their shelves after dozens of people who drank soft drinks became ill ; move comes on heels of health worries over food contaminated with dioxin that began in Belgium and spread across Europe ; on June 13 , reverberations from dioxin scare led to resignation of Belgian Prime Min Jean-Luc Dehaene ; recall , which affects less than 1 percent of Coke 's global sales , is another public blow for Coca-Cola , which has been struggling with declining sales in many regions ; Coca-Cola executives say that problems along two points in its vast-bottling system , which is controlled in Belgium by Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke 's largest bottler , led to defects in its products ; company insists products are safe to drink ; photo ( M )
Apple provides eight weeks of training , four weeks at the company 's headquarters in Cupertino , Calif. , and another four weeks at the store .
''We view this compromise agreement as a win-win for both parties , and we are satisfied that the agreement gives us value for our intellectual property rights , '' Mr. Barrett said .
The largest will keep the AT & T name and its core long-distance network operation .
Martin Mackay , Pfizer 's global head of research and technology , said the deal ''is our first foray into vaccines and it wo n't be our last . ''
To begin with , Microsoft is holding steadfast in its desire to remain a single company .
It is unclear whether the technician was able to sort Mr. Barbaro 's calls from those other Times reporters might have made to Wal-Mart since all calls from the newspaper 's New York office register on caller ID screens as a series of numeral 1s .
Analysts surveyed by First Call had expected Oracle to earn 23 cents a share .
And Microsoft informed the major PC makers yesterday of its plans for complying with the Federal judge 's preliminary injunction .
will announce today that eBay Inc. , the big online auction house , has chosen I.B.M .
It was the kind of pro-Wal-Mart comment the giant retailer might write itself .
The court is likely to hold separate hearings on remedies if , as expected , Judge Jackson rules that Microsoft violated antitrust laws .
Patty Smith , a spokeswoman for Amazon.com , tried to put things in perspective : ''You are worried people will know you are looking to see if your books are moving up in rank ?
Boeing 's 7E7 , which is to begin service in 2008 , is designed to carry 200 to 300 people over long distances at extremely low costs .
The Entergy Corporation in New Orleans named J. Walter Thompson Atlanta to handle its account , which had been at various local agencies .
Since Yahoo is not part of a major media company , it can provide a venue for rival media companies to sell their digital books , music , and video together , he said .
In the last year alone , Microsoft invested $ 5 billion in AT & T , $ 660 million in Nextel , $ 500 million in NTL and $ 300 million in United Pan-European Communications .
But on Monday , Honeywell 's board issued a statement reaffirming Honeywell 's commitment to the merger .
MasterCard 's chief counsel , Noah J. Hanft , responded : ''If American Express gets its way , neither competition nor the consumer wins '' because it would undermine a system in which near-universal acceptance and guaranteed payment to merchants has brought spectacular growth in credit card popularity .
Ford Motor Co 's Focus model might be most error-prone car in industry ; low-cost car , which was introduced in 1999 , has had total of 11 safety recalls and is subject of five defect investigations by federal regulators ; two new recalls this week , including wiring problem that could in worst-case situations , cause engine fires , raise even more questions ; five pending investigations into Focus account for at least 7 percent of entire defect investigation caseload of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ; Ford officials say two latest recalls , which they initiated , will address some of problems , including suspension defect ; executives have acknowledged that Focus has had problems since it was brought over from Europe in 1999 , but they say newer versions of car are much improved ; photo ( M )
The difference is that Amazon includes many niche products that conventional grocers can not carry -- like some high-end or regional brands of granola and gluten-free spaghetti -- because the products have such limited appeal .
An Amazon spokeswoman , Patricia Smith , said in a written statement , ''We believe we can have multiple sellers in the toy category , increase selection , and offer products that T.R.U .
Microsoft said the stripped-down version would cost the same as Windows with the media player .
This month the Gap will introduce limited-edition shirts designed by Doo-Ri Chung , Thakoon Panichgul and Laura and Kate Mulleavy of Rodarte , all winners of a fashion contest organized by the Council of Fashion Designers of America and Vogue magazine .
One RC2 notable win from Hasbro in 2005 was Bob the Builder , a brand like Thomas and Friends that is owned by HIT Entertainment , the property of the private equity firm Apax Partners .
The top five in familiarity were : Amazon.com , Microsoft.com , AOL.com , Netscape.com and eBay.com .
The newly separated Viacom has been aggressively buying back shares .
US investment firms Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Goldman Sachs are leading group of investors providing $ 43 million in seed capital to eAccess Ltd , new company that plans to offer Japanese consumers asymmetric digital subscriber line technology a faster , cheaper way to pull data off Internet ; company , founded by Sachio Semmoto and Eric Gan , intends to expand its business to become Internet protocol service provider ( S )
''A lot of brands right now are seeing that their general advertising , especially with the advent of TiVo , consumers are able to skip , '' said Michael Davis , vice president and director for broadcast and interactive at Draft in Chicago , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
Microsoft urged users of virtually all of its current operating systems -- Windows NT , Windows 2000 or Windows XP versions of its software , as well as Windows NT Server , Server 2000 and Server 2003 -- to go to windowsupdate.microsoft.com to download the patch .
Sustaining that pace is critical for Wal-Mart , because high fuel prices have helped sap the buying power of Americans .
IBM 's chief executive Louis V Gerstner Jr will step down on March 1 ; president Samuel J Palmisano will succeed Gerstner , who will remain chairman to advise Palmisano until end of year ; Gerstner comments ; IBM shifted focus from hardware to computer services during Gerstner 's tenure , making company more profitable and sharply increasing stock price ; graphs ; photo ( M )
AT & T 's Entry Brings a Giant To the Internet
Yahoo announced better-than-expected quarterly earnings today , quelling investor concerns that consolidation and business failures among struggling dot-coms might hurt its revenue base .
Kodak is no exception -- although health imaging provided $ 1.6 billion , or about 10 percent , of Kodak 's revenues last year , analysts say it provided a lower percentage of profits .
In Japan , where retail stores account for 60 percent of gross domestic product , store sales have declined steadily for record 45 consecutive months ; new arrivals from abroad like Costco and Carrefour are trying to re-educate Japanese consumer ; they hope to succeed through deep cost-cutting and stiff competition ; Wal-Mart has announced plans to enter Japanese market in 2003 ; retail analysts note tremendous cultural and demographic obstacles that stand in way of easy conquest by foreign retailers ; photo ( M )
Ordering Microsoft to sell two separate versions of Windows to PC manufacturers would restore competition to the audio and video software market only if the version without Media Player were sold at a discount , analysts and lawyers said .
Amgen predicts that sales will reach $ 3 billion by 2005 .
Failing to match Wall Street 's bullish expectations , Morgan Stanley said that net income for its fourth quarter rose 26 percent , to $ 236 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from the corresponding period a year ago .
After lengthy negotiations , Microsoft began offering in Europe earlier this year a version of its desktop operating system , called Windows XP N , without the software for playing music and videos on the PC .
I.B.M .
Last week , Microsoft quietly replaced the executive in charge of its wireless initiative , Ben Waldman , who has taken personal leave .
''But this deal is not about taking on Microsoft on the desktop , '' Mr. Messman said .
In March 2004 , the commission fined Microsoft 497 million euros ( now $ 633 million ) , saying the company had abused the dominant position of Windows in the operating-system market to corner related markets for audio and video software and software that runs computer networks .
''If Boeing is able to deduct the settlement , '' Mr. Grassley said , ''the real penalty to Boeing could be millions and millions less than advertised .
Pfizer shareholders would own 77 percent of the combined company , the executive said , while Pharmacia 's shareholders would own 23 percent .
AT & T 's board convened early Saturday morning to discuss the offers at the company 's operational headquarters in Basking Ridge , N.J .
The I.B.M .
America Online , the company that brought the Internet to the masses , said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the largest traditional media company , Time Warner , for $ 165 billion in what would be the biggest merger in history and the best evidence yet that old and new media are converging .
Raytheon Co shocks Wall Street again by lowering its profit forecast for third time since September , latest sign that military contractors created by wave of mergers in 1990 's are proving difficult to manage ( M )
When I.B.M .
Still , it is a big leap from the halo effect on digital photography in general to a boost for Kodak specifically .
Philip J. Purcell , who secured his position at the top of Morgan Stanley by ousting a rival in a bitter power struggle , now faces a revolt of his own .
Apple , with 4.5 percent of the personal computer market in the United States , ''is the underdog , '' Mr. Smith added .
''The conversion program came out of necessity , '' said Ned Laird , managing director of the Air Cargo Management Group , a consulting firm and a former Boeing executive who worked on the conversion program .
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its third-quarter earnings increased 8 percent .
Citigroup 's main call centers in the United States are in Jacksonville , Fla. ; San Antonio ; Las Vegas , Nev. ; Sioux Falls , S.D .
Nike will focus on the soccer and women 's sports markets while making cuts in its budget .
Lately , consumers and financial institutions have shown a preference for conducting business over the Internet rather than over proprietary networks like Intuit Services .
When Wal-Mart employees at an outlet in Canada voted last year to unionize , the retailer shut the store , contending that it was unprofitable .
In April , Judge Greene agreed that the deal violated the consent decree , but gave AT & T the chance to argue for a waiver to the rules .
But a Microsoft memo introduced today suggests the cross-examination Mr. Chase is likely to face .
A Cablevision-Adelphia combination would substantially change the equation between Cablevision and Time Warner , which has 10.9 million subscribers and has long been considered the natural buyer for Cablevision 's cable assets because of their proximity to Time Warner 's stronghold in Manhattan .
On June 16 , in a statement issued at 10:30 P.M. Brussels time , Mr. Ivester , the chairman of Coca-Cola , issued a terse apology from Atlanta .
The deal calls for Microsoft to buy half its stake in the form of class A common stock , at $ 20.29 a share , and the other half in a new class of convertible preferred stock .
Satellite providers WildBlue Communications , Hughes Network Systems and Spacenet , which sells StarBand service , are providing broadband Internet access to many rural communities ; about 15 million households can not get broadband from their phone or cable provider because companies have been slow to expand their high-speed networks in areas where there are not enough customers to generate what they regard as adequate profit ; there are drawbacks to satellite approach that make it unlikely to be serious rival to more common broadband options ; WildBlue 's cheapest service costs $ 50 each month , about twice Verizon 's introductory offer , and dish costs several hundred dollars ; heavy rain sometimes knocks out service , and small delays are common as signals beam to and from satellite orbiting 24,000 miles above earth ; customer Craig Clark of Rindge , NH , comments on service ; photo ( M )
Despite a decline at the Ford Motor Company , March car and truck sales were the strongest in at least eight years , getting the spring selling season off to a robust start .
At that time , Peter Chernin , the News Corporation 's president , said that the company was interested in expanding in publishing .
The judge concluded , for instance , that Microsoft had maintained its monopoly power over operating software through anticompetitive means , ruthlessly striving over four years to crush any potential threat to its domination over operating system software .
The International Business Machines Corporation plans to announce a new semiconductor design today that it asserts could greatly improve the performance or reduce the power consumption of wireless devices like cellphones compared with today 's technology .
For MGM , manufacturing small , targeted groups of cassettes ( no DVD 's in this promotion ) for Amazon is low risk .
THE huge potential power of the proposed AOL Time Warner has applied electroshock to the cortex of the convergence industries : information , entertainment and communication .
Two big American companies , A.T. & T. and Corning Inc. , announced separate agreements yesterday in which each hired the services of more than 100 Russian scientists in the field of fiber-optic research .
Airbus , the European airplane manufacturer , claimed a surprise victory on Tuesday in its perennial battle with Boeing , announcing that it had booked more orders than its rival in 2005 , for the fifth straight year .
But Microsoft 's strategy does not seem to be working , analysts say .
Dr. Gregg Fonarow , a professor at University of California , Los Angeles , who was involved in a nationwide study of the drug sponsored by Johnson & Johnson , said there was no ''real-world '' evidence that the kidney function of heart failure patients taking Natrecor was worse than those receiving other therapies .
Before Express Scripts , he was a partner at the accounting firm Coopers & Lybrand and then executive vice president and finance chief for Life Partners Group .
Because the judge ruled that Microsoft 's monopoly power allowed it to overcharge for Windows , the big personal computer makers including Dell , Compaq , Gateway and I.B.M .
Microsoft says it helped pay travel expenses of the group as part of its effort to gain support for the business collaboration framework .
''We see the next version of the Macs very tightly intertwined with the Intel transition in that together they can drive an accelerated upgrade cycle within Apple 's installed base as well as attract new users . ''
Microsoft held high hopes that he would counteract the Government 's assertion that Microsoft 's main customers -- manufacturers of personal computers -- fear the company and consider it a bully .
In yesterday 's conference call , Mr. Condit said the decision to leave had been his and it followed about a week and a half of lengthy discussions with the Boeing board .
That balance swung sharply from the fall of 1995 to the spring of 1996 , when Microsoft used the lure of giving America Online a featured place on the Windows desktop as the ultimate bargaining chip .
A preliminary meeting on settlement was held by representatives of the Justice Department , states and Microsoft last week , and the session , which was brief , dealt mainly with procedural matters .
Microsoft still faces antitrust sanctions in Europe .
The ruling , which was made public yesterday , dealt another legal blow to Morgan Stanley , which could soon find itself in litigation with the commission and with one of Wall Street 's main regulators , the National Association of Securities Dealers .
General Motors is ready to try the redemption card .
Microsoft executives acknowledged the shift in strategy and said the company was still contemplating how it would bring out a revised version of the My Services technology .
A Boeing spokeswoman declined to comment on the negotiations .
Xerox is talking with Fuji Photo Film about a sale of Xerox 's $ 200 million China operations .
In the first quarter , Coca-Cola continued to market its products aggressively in the United States , including the test-marketing of both the countour Coke can and the embossed Sprite can in selected markets .
Representing Microsoft were Richard J. Urowsky and Steven L. Holley ; John G. Roberts Jr. argued for the state attorneys general who have sued Microsoft along with the Justice Department .
ISVs ' Access to Technical Information Microsoft is enjoined from :
Hit by the economic turmoil in Asia , Motorola Inc. reported yesterday that its profits for the fourth quarter were slightly below the expectations of Wall Street analysts .
Wal-Mart is an adversary that has the ability to mount a steady , relentless attack .
Jeb Bush of Florida announced yesterday that they were extending a program for Pfizer to pay for health counseling for poor patients , saying that millions of dollars were saved and that patients ' health had improved .
Leadership Plan for Citigroup Tilts in Favor of Travelers
Spurred in part by the unusual unanimity among Morgan Stanley 's four investment strategists , Mr. Purcell will try , in his first ''town hall '' address , to convince investors that selling stocks now would be a mistake .
The Justice Department said yesterday that significant questions remained about whether Verizon Communications , the nation 's largest local telephone company , had proved that its dominant local network was open to competitors that provide high-speed data service in Massachusetts .
Comcast executives and their advisers met yesterday to consider making an offer for the entertainment businesses of Vivendi Universal , executives involved in the discussion said yesterday .
Mr. Moonves said he did not foresee the new network growing into something so competitive that it would threaten the success of CBS , noting that CW will probably remain a niche network devoted to serving only young adult viewers .
Entire cities were shut down by power failures ; getting onto eBay was impossible for anyone in the vicinity .
That 's clearly not the case at Whole Foods ' new greenwashed 70,000-square-foot theme park on the Bowery .
Now that other companies -- not only Microsoft , but even more notably , Yahoo Inc. -- have created their own instant-message systems , there has been increasing demand to link all the systems together .
For example , travelers could book $ 159 rooms at some Marriotts for $ 129 through Expedia , according to Marriott franchisees .
The Procter changes are emblematic of how the changing demographics of the United States are forcing marketers to pay more attention to minority consumers .
''We are executing on most of our operational goals , '' C. Michael Armstrong , AT & T 's chairman and chief executive , said during the conference call .
Yahoo 's shares dropped as analysts speculated on what would cause Ms. Decker to abruptly change her plans .
A spokeswoman for Sun Microsystems had no comment on Microsoft 's move or whether it would seek a hearing .
FEDEX EXPANDS IN CHINA -- Underscoring the sharp growth in demand for business travel and cargo services in China , FedEx Express said yesterday that it would add 12 weekly flights to the 11 it currently operates to Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen .
DuPont deserves credit for changing executive pensions in the same way it is changing those for lower-level workers .
''These continued increases in medical costs are clearly unacceptable and do not reflect the positive potential of Aetna , '' said Dr. John W. Rowe , who became the company 's chief executive in September .
Power Computing , which has grown rapidly by offering equal or higher performance than Apple at lower prices , said that beginning in the first quarter next year , all its computers would be shipped with the Be operating system , known as BeOS , in addition to the Macintosh operating system .
Pfizer has a mixed record of philanthropy in Africa .
In one of his first gestures as chief executive , Mr. Perez visited the headquarters of several chains , charming the stores but upsetting Nike 's sales staff .
Lawyers for Microsoft and its adversaries in Justice Department will begin two days of oral arguments before seven appeals judges in case of historic dimensions for consumers , computer industry and law ; with no guarantee that Supreme Court will agree to hear any further appeals , judges of US Court of Appeals for District of Columbia circuit may wind up with definitive word on important antitrust case ( M )
Mr. Starr has filed a brief supporting the breakup of Microsoft .
Amazon spent $ 108 million on distribution and fulfillment of orders ; that represented 16 percent of sales , up from 10 percent of sales a year earlier .
Bankers say WorldCom will longer be able to raise money in anticipation of payments from its customers because it is in violation of terms of financing arranged in May ; WorldCom raised $ 1.5 billion in May in financing backed by anticipated customer payments , known as receivables ; WorldCom 's lenders organize committee of nine banks led by Citigroup and Deutsche Bank ; banks will then decide what information to request from WorldCom to consider additional lending to company ( M )
The move upset Boeing 's largest union , the International Association of Machinists , which does not represent the California workers .
The current General Electric , with its increasing emphasis on services rather than manufacturing , needs to respond quickly to an ever-changing business environment and the demands of the Internet .
In addition , the AdRelevance report found that Amazon had been devoting much of its online advertising to direct marketing ; 70 percent of the retailer 's top 10 online ads offer free shipping .
The decision to preannounce an unproven technology was an uncharacteristic one for Intel , said G. Dan Hutcheson , president of VLSI Research Inc. , and a longtime observer of the company .
Interpublic , which delayed its earnings report last week to give its audit committee time to review its accounting , attributed the restatement to transactions between units of the company involving the European operations of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit .
So what does the Microsoft make of the video ?
During the trial , the government showed that Microsoft sometimes used the special deals to reward companies that followed Microsoft 's lead on issues of importance to the company .
Equipped with a Sony DCR-TRV27 MiniDV HandyCam camcorder and a Sony Vaio PCG-GRX570 laptop , an Apple flat-panel iMac , FireWire cables and lots of spare time , I set out to see what I could do with some homegrown video and an editing program that cost less than $ 100 .
Boston Scientific 's offer not only drove up Guidant 's shares , which rose nearly 10 percent , to $ 67.98 , but also focused attention on St. Jude , which rose 4.74 percent , to $ 50.56 .
''Microsoft and I.B.M .
But Boeing and others are buying .
The Alliance for Downtown New York is one of 39 business improvement districts in the city .
Indeed , Howard Rubel of Goldman , Sachs said Boeing might even have done well to limit its involvement in Teledesic by agreeing to launch the satellites while avoiding responsibility for the overall project .
The contracts continue through 2024 , she said , making it impossible for Wal-Mart to replace the local banks with a Wal-Mart bank branch .
''Being part of Bank of America gets us to where we need to be overnight . ''
That was why I.B.M .
A.T. & T. 's quarterly performance was aided substantially by more than $ 900 million in increased sales of expensive telephone switching and transmission equipment and undersea cable systems .
Yahoo said yesterday that it had signed a deal with Motorola to have its Yahoo Go for Mobile service automatically installed on new Motorola handsets starting in the first half of next year .
A suit filed by Microsoft argues that Lindows infringes on the Windows trademark to trade on its ''fame and good will '' and that consumers will be confused by the similar-sounding product names .
But the idea that the effectiveness of lobbying by Microsoft could even be a subject for discussion today shows how far the company has come in just a few short years .
Levi Strauss is talking to other mass marketers besides Wal-Mart , like Target and Kmart , but no contracts have been signed .
Indications Of New Vision At Microsoft
Ms. Goodman said there were signs of overoptimism at Aetna earlier this year .
Under cross-examination from David Kiernan , a lawyer for Merck , Dr. Wiener acknowledged that he had no evidence that Mr. Ernst had suffered a heart attack .
The service comes after a decision earlier this year that prompted thousands of eBay store owners to leave the site .
Microsoft can also continue to require computer makers to display the icon for MSN Explorer , the browser for the Microsoft Network online service , Mr. Jones said .
Another provision of the sale agreement would allow Time Warner to buy back up to a 19.9 percent stake under certain circumstances , including a transaction like a merger with EMI .
`` Has your business been Rategated by the promise of big long-distance savings over AT & T ? ''
Yahoo Japan also said it began charging users of its auction services -- 280 yen ( $ 2.25 ) a month -- in May , helping the company raise its profits .
Shares of Adobe Systems Inc. tumbled more than 17 percent yesterday , a day after the software publisher warned that the weakening economy could bite into its quarterly sales .
It is a response to the brief Microsoft filed last week , in which the company proposed several narrow restrictions on its conduct that it said would be more appropriate penalties than breaking up the company .
Among those being demonstrated this week is a small tablet computer using Intel chips , and based on Microsoft 's Origami design for low-priced mobile computers .
Mr. Weill , who is a billionaire , already owns more than 22.7 million Citigroup shares .
So when Cisco announced earlier this month that orders for its products had unexpectedly plunged and that revenue would decline for the first time in its 11 years as a publicly traded company , it did not just send shudders through the company itself and its own suppliers .
In documents released yesterday , Mr. Spitzer contended that certain CBS stations ''participated in deception against their listeners , '' and that programmers improperly accepted payments or other financial benefits to play songs by artists like Nick Lachey and Nine Inch Nails .
The Boys and Girls Clubs of America and the Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that they would join in efforts to raise $ 60 million over the next decade for a youth-development program sponsored by the clubs .
A consumer ombudsman in Norway agreed last month with a complaint filed on the matter and gave Apple until March 1 to respond and until Oct. 1 to do something about the situation .
The site will for the first time enable computer users to buy Super Bowl merchandise , using I.B.M .
Today , Procter & Gamble is expected to announce that it will purchase Mr. Osher 's company , Dr. Johns Products , for an undisclosed amount .
The move , to be sure , came only after a federal appeals court ruled that Microsoft was a monopolist whose past contracts with PC makers illegally stifled competition .
Apple has long been a significant player in the education market for computers , though its share has been shrinking in recent years .
Kodak executives insist they feel the same , saying that the company will not sell film online or offer discounts for online printing services ordered on its Web page .
But others said the results spoke more directly to the strength of Yahoo 's business .
A Boeing spokesman , Tim Neale , said the settlement with the Justice Department did not address the tax status of the payment .
Cheryl Regan , a spokeswoman for VeriSign , said the way expired or expiring domain names were marketed through this service was ''a little sticky to explain . ''
The cancellation of the swap with Morgan Stanley drew a negative reaction from Standard & Poor 's , the debt-rating agency .
Symantec closed down $ 1.86 , or 7.4 percent , at $ 23.18 .
He also noted that European consumer groups , regulators and legislators have made Apple the biggest target of their efforts to open up the digital music market , so that consumers can play songs from online sites on any portable music device .
Microsoft , Mr. Boies said , could do the same thing with its popular word-processing program , Word , as it did with its Internet Explorer browser .
Mr. Galvin , the 51-year-old grandson of Motorola 's founder , Paul Galvin , and son of Robert Galvin , a former chairman and chief executive , has spent his entire career with the company .
He also recently helped to renegotiate Interpublic 's debt with a consortium of banks and helped arrange the sale of a research division , the NFO WorldGroup , to Taylor Nelson Sofres in London for $ 435 million .
So they were n't on hand to defend themselves from the view put forward by some panelists that the planned merger of America Online and Time Warner could turn the Internet from an open prairie into a collection of fenced and gated estates .
The fines will take effect 180 days after the judgment is served in the United States , which Yahoo officials expect in the next few weeks .
Fast talking and cigar smoking , he is an avid skier and soccer fan who once personally bought a French team , Olympique Marseille , to keep it from falling into Nike 's hands ; at work , he eschews collars and ties for sweatshirts and jeans .
To woo Mr. Zuckerberg , Yahoo has offered about $ 900 million for Facebook and says it will keep the company somewhat independent , with Mr. Zuckerberg in charge .
Whatever the motive , the move by Target is likely to enhance its image as a family-oriented enterprise .
Until it developed its own Web search , Microsoft used Yahoo 's search technology .
Boeing denies that .
The next stop will be Pfizer 's head office on East 42nd Street in New York .
Oracle flatly denies the accusation and makes one of its own : that META is trying to drum up business for itself by implying it can help Oracle customers save money .
Delays in the case in the United States meant that by the time there was a ruling in 2001 , he said , the damage had already been done : Netscape , the rival to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer had already given up competing .
''At this point , it 's going to be a struggle for PeopleSoft to achieve growth without Oracle , '' said David Yockelson , an analyst at the Meta Group , a technology research firm .
From the beginning of the review , there had been speculation that Interpublic would end up on the losing end .
The former Treasury secretary , Robert E. Rubin , who was named to a nonexecutive , senior position at Citigroup late last year reiterated that he would not be a candidate for the job .
Many cable industry officials attending annual convention in New Orleans acknowledge Rupert Murdoch 's ambitious satellite broadcasting service could draw customers away from cable , but say threat has been both exaggerated and misunderstood ; although Murdoch 's service could eventually offer 500 channels of digital programming , many cable executives believe it will appeal to only narrow slice of viewing audience ; move by cable operators , like Time Warner Inc and Tele-Communications Inc , to upgrade systems with digital technology noted ( M )
In that world the personal computer will be the most important platform , but Microsoft software will extend both upward toward large computing services and down to home appliances .
Vivek Varma , a Microsoft spokesman , said tonight , ''This is further proof that our competitors have conducted and paid for and orchestrated a public relations and lobbying campaign to generate government intervention into a industry that is highly competitive and delivering for consumers . ''
Amazon.com 's chief executive , Jeffrey P Bezos , reaffirms estimates that company will have its first operating profit by year-end ; cautions that profitability is 'not a guarantee ' ( S )
Tom Moore , president at Coca-Cola 's Foodservice and Hospitality Dvision , resigns in wake of rigged marketing test for Coke products sold at Burger King ; will continue to work at company in transitional role for undetermined amount of time ; Moore will be succeeded by Chris Lowe ; Javier Benito , who is president of Coke 's Nordic division , will assume position of chief marketing officer ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Medtronic will pay $ 420 million in cash and stock for the closely held Medical Research Group , and $ 48 in cash for each MiniMed share , 9 percent above Minimed 's Tuesday closing price of $ 44 .
But many Wall Street analysts received the news , and the stock 's further decline , as more evidence that Boston Scientific 's strategy is a risky one for shareholders .
General Motors Corp and Fiat say they will evaluate assets and businesses of Daewoo Motor Co before making any decision about buying all or part of ailing South Korean automaker ( S )
''Dealers should be able to reduce their inventory costs , '' said James G. O'Connor , Ford Motor 's vice president for Ford brand cars and trucks .
The world 's largest retailer , Wal-Mart Stores , exercised an option to raise its stake in the Japanese retailer , Seiyu Ltd. , to 34 percent , from 6.1 percent .
BOEING JET ORDER
Although it is the first major upgrade of the company 's flagship software in nearly three years , Microsoft refers to Windows 98 a ''fine tuning of Windows 95 '' and ''the next major release of Windows 95 . ''
On the entertainment side , CBS was set to go into the fall season as the most watched network in prime time .
Lawyers who have been following the dispute said that the I.B.M .
With the company 's bank debt difficult to buy , vulture investors are eyeing Xerox 's bonds .
''We believe Boeing pushed this case not only because of the A350 , but because they want to cut us out of the tanker deal , '' said Thomas Enders , a German appointed co-chief executive of Airbus 's majority shareholder , the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company , or EADS .
The world 's biggest maker of Internet equipment , Cisco Systems Inc. , will acquire the optical systems unit of Pirelli S.p.A. , the Italian tire and cable company , for $ 2.15 billion in stock .
Wal-Mart Sex-Bias Suit Given Class-Action Status
''This is about Microsoft trying to do everything they can to stop a competitor . ''
Electronic Arts , the video game publisher , said on Thursday that it had reached a $ 680 million deal to acquire Jamdat Mobile , which makes games to be played on mobile phones .
Pfizer already sponsors the Nascar driver Mark Martin , and during many of the races provides a van where fans can receive free health screenings .
''People thought it had never been done , '' Donald E. Godwin , one of Halliburton 's outside lawyers , said of the proposed settlement structure .
Once the recommendation is in the commission 's hands , Intel 's lawyers and executives will be free to offer their version of events to the commissioners .
The tentative settlement would prohibit Microsoft from entering into pricing deals and contracts with personal computer makers that effectively force them to favor Microsoft products over rival offerings .
''We 're going to allow individuals to manage their data instead of letting their information be exploited by marketers , '' said Richard Purcell , Microsoft 's chief privacy officer .
Cisco says its new product , which it intends to formally announce by the end of the quarter , will incorporate open standards that allow carriers to buy new software from a variety of vendors .
Verizon officials say that with company health costs rising by 12 percent a year , it is time for union members to pay more than the 5 percent of the health costs they now shoulder .
But Wal-Mart has insisted from the outset that it will make a profit on the $ 4 drugs , which are typically not the most advanced generic substitutes for name-brand medications .
One is Ralph V. Whitworth , managing member of Relational Investors , a private investment fund that owns 4.2 million Mattel shares .
As part of Mr. Icahn 's campaign at Time Warner , he has assembled a group of investors that includes more than the usual suspects of fellow activists .
Another group favors ''behavioral '' remedies -- prohibiting Microsoft from writing exclusive contracts , requiring it to publicly disclose the software specifications for Windows , forcing it to publish a Windows pricing list for major manufacturers , and requiring antitrust training for all Microsoft managers .
Analysts noted that the economic outlook was not necessarily as bleak as the slowdown in orders at Motorola and other chip makers might suggest .
''I do n't think she gets credited enough with how good she is at understanding businesses , '' said Ellen Siminoff , the chief executive of Efficient Frontier , an Internet marketing firm , and a former senior vice president at Yahoo .
In a two-page ruling , the state district court judge , Ben Hardin , ruled against a request from Merck that the coroner , Dr. Maria Araneta , be prevented from testifying in the case , the first Vioxx-related personal injury lawsuit to reach trial .
In another sign of increasing foreign investment in Russia , the Ford Motor Company announced the official opening of its assembly plant outside St. Petersburg .
The move was the latest signal that Gap , whose sales have fallen sharply , is preparing a major overhaul of its namesake brand .
The General Motors Corporation posted a sharp decline in profits yesterday because of rising competition from Asian carmakers , cooling demand for cars in the United States and disappointing sales in Europe .
A Microsoft spokesman said that , despite Mr. McKenzie 's analysis , the company believed that the larger number cited by the Compaq witness and by the judge were accurate .
And Hugh L. McColl Jr. , who retired from Bank of America in April 2001 , has the use of an office , administrative support and , for up to 150 hours a year , a company plane , according to Executive Compensation Advisory Services , a research company in Alexandria , Va .
For example , Sony has signed up I.B.M .
Floyd Norris Correction : July 14 , 2001 , Saturday The Floyd Norris column in Business Day yesterday , about financial troubles at Corning Inc. , misidentified a $ 2 billion security issued by the company .
Amgen 's arguments seem to be having some effect .
Apple , Google and Napster all declined to comment on the lawsuit .
Patents ; A chemist who languished in a prefeminist-era DuPont lab looks back on her invention of Kevlar .
But Johnson & Johnson 's shareholders have apparently shared management 's concern about overpaying for Guidant .
At Merck , executives attributed much of the growth to five drugs : Vioxx , Zocor , Cozaar , Fosamax and Singulair .
Another Step In Killing Deal For Honeywell
Dissident group of retired Morgan Stanley executives describe in detail their proposal to split firm in two , in further assault on leadership of Philip J Purcell ; plan , which has already been spurned by Morgan Stanley board , carries with it two ambitious and uncertain assumptions ; first is dissidents ' assertion that five senior executives who resigned in April amid management shakeup by Purcell will return to Morgan Stanley ; second is that shareholder support for split will be strong enough either to force recalcitrant directors to agree to it , or to goad them into ousting Purcell as chief executive ; plan calls for one company that would be pure trading and banking house with its roots in old-line Morgan Stanley and other comprising Dean Witter retail assets like brokerage , mutual funds and credit cards , which would be run by Purcell ( M )
After years of being a leading credit card issuer in the United States , ''Citigroup is having difficulty maintaining itself at the top of the industry , '' said Richard X. Bove , an analyst who follows Citigroup at Punk Ziegel & Company in New York .
In the New Orleans case , a federal jury found unanimously that Merck had failed to warn doctors about Vioxx 's risks and was responsible for the heart attack suffered by the retired agent , Gerald Barnett , 62 .
He enthusiastically promoted the securities of WorldCom and other companies even as Citigroup maintained a lucrative investment banking relationship with them .
Shares of Comcast fell 4 cents , to $ 31.88 .
These huge computer farms , Intel says , are expected to cost more than $ 100 million each and be crammed with more than 5,000 servers .
THE dismal financial outlook for the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York shows few signs of improvement based on its fourth-quarter and full-year results , which were released yesterday .
With that move , Time Warner angered its customers , raised concerns among federal lawmakers about its pending merger with America Online and gave Disney a rare chance to publicly play the role of the victim .
A former senior media executive at an agency owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies is being named to lead an Interpublic media agency that has had a bumpy start-up .
In July , the Pentagon punished Boeing for stealing trade secrets from Lockheed Martin , its rival , to help win rocket contracts .
Options include Intel 's AnyPoint system ( www.intel.com /anypoint ) , D-Link products ( www .dlink.com/products/DigitalHome /Wireless ) and Apple Computer 's AirPort ( www.apple.com/airport ) .
Dominion Resources Inc acquires Consolidated Natural Gas Co in stock transaction valued at $ 6.3 billion ; Sempra Energy Co , large utility in Southern California , agrees to acquire KN Energy Inc , large natural gas pipeline and storage company in Lakewood , Colo , for $ 1.9 billion ; Southern Union Co , natural gas utility in Texas , offers $ 1.84 billion and assumption of debt for Southwest Gas Corp ; as utility industry is deregulated , companies have sought to strengthen their competitive positions by taking over natural gas companies so that they can offer package of electricity and natural gas ( M )
AK Steel , largest steel supplier to General Motors Corp , is threatening to cut off shipments because of dispute over contract terms that has turned into legal battle ; halt of shipments could lead to layoffs at 15 GM factories and tens of millions of dollars in losses per day ; dispute centers on long-term steel contracts that run from beginning of 2000 through end of 2004 ; contracts state that GM 's price for steel declines over time , but AK Steel contends in court filings that new inspection , testing and quality control systems requested by GM increased its costs and that it has not been compensated , as required by contracts ( M )
Microsoft chairman Bill Gates , in his first appearance ever in connection with annual Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles , lays out vision of future in which gamers using company 's Xbox 360 console can be connected to others on PC or cellphone ; vision is part of initiative called Live Anywhere , which will be incorporated into Windows Vista operating system when it goes on sale in 2007 , aimed at outflanking other console makers Sony and Nintendo ; photo ( M )
Coca-Cola Office in Spain Raided in Inquiry Into Business Practices
Analysts said that even though AT & T was a relative latecomer to the on-line services industry , it would enter the rapidly growing electronic market with a formidable array of strengths , not the least of which was a powerful brand name .
For Apple to continue growing at the pace it had been , it has to claim new computer users and former PC users for its Macintosh computers , something it has been doing .
TKT might also be able to use its technique to make its own versions of other lucrative drugs now produced by Amgen and other biotechnology companies .
But as Chevron was pressing ahead , Cnooc and Unocal managers met in New York to discuss the unsolicited bid that the Chinese company made .
Interview with A Barry Rand , new chief executive of Avis Rent A Car ; comments on being eliminated from race for chief executive at Xerox Corp , which led to his resignation there as executive vice president ; photo ( M )
Europe Cool to Apple 's Suggestions on Music
Perhaps the biggest lift came to two surprise entrants : Keefe Bruyette & Woods , a boutique bank that worked for Bank of America , and the one-man show that is Mr. Perella .
Boston Scientific , like other device makers , receives numerous complaints from doctors and patients about problems stemming from how products are designed or used .
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Symbian In Alliance With Intel
As part of the sale , Merck insisted that Novartis offer employment to all 145 employees in the division .
With the proposed SBC-AT & T and Verizon-MCI unions , Qwest will have a harder time competing in the enterprise market , Mr. Levin said .
''The average Boeing machinist is 47 years old , '' said Connie Kelliher , a spokeswoman for the International Association of Machinists , which represents airplane assemblers .
Well , that argument does n't sell anymore , since Airbus now sells more planes than Boeing does .
In their letter , the Citigroup executives proposed two other prohibitions : Banning investment bankers from having any input into how much analysts are paid and banning the bankers from previewing analysts ' reports before they are published .
( You can sign up at mobile.yahoo.com , where you 'll also find a corny but illustrative tour of the software . )
Ian Beavis , 46 , marketing communications manager for the Lincoln Mercury division of the Ford Motor Company , has joined the Bozell Worldwide unit of True North Communications in the new post of global account director .
Microsoft is beginning to work with consumer electronics companies , appliance makers and others as partners to produce the technology-enhanced devices .
That , in theory , might be another reason for Microsoft to undermine Java 's widespread adoption by distributing a nonstandard version .
Deutsch will also do the media planning and buying duties for Bank of America , which had recently been awarded to Starcom Worldwide in Chicago , part of the Starcom MediaVest Group unit of the Publicis Groupe .
Though Microsoft 's Windows operating system still runs on about 9 of 10 desktop computers worldwide , Linux and other open-source programs have made inroads , especially in running servers .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Microsoft To Back Advanced Micro Chips
But many big Silicon Valley companies that have been both rivals and partners of Microsoft declined on Wednesday to comment on the European Commission 's ruling , among them Apple Computer , Cisco Systems , Oracle and Intel .
David Adelman , an analyst at Morgan Stanley , said tobacco regulation could also help Altria and its competitors when they inevitably wind up back in court .
But few Disney watchers expressed doubt that the gloves would soon come off as Mr. Eisner readies a response to the Comcast Corporation 's unsolicited bid .
That 's not how some people interpreted eBay 's move .
Yet when Norway submitted its report to Wal-Mart last March , the company ignored it .
When General Motors conducted its quarterly earnings teleconference last Thursday , the first question from Wall Street was not about Cadillac cars or Chevrolet trucks or the company 's no-interest financing deals .
A Wal-Mart spokeswoman , Sarah Clark , whose responsibilities include ''reputation management , '' said she was unaware of Mr. Greenwald or his movie until she was contacted for this article .
Still , people who know both Time Warner and America Online say that the inevitable battles over corporate culture that exist in any merger will likely break out first in the advertising sales area , because the two companies are so different .
Business Travel ; That old American Express standby , the check , will soon be out in that new currency , the euro .
In connection with the transition to his new role , Mr. Weill will continue to hold at least 75 percent of his current 22.3 million shares of Citigroup under the company 's stock ownership commitment .
Several of the moves involve agencies owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York as well as Interpublic itself .
The investigation of General Motors ' pension accounting , which the automaker disclosed on Wednesday , appears to be focused on whether G.M .
Interpublic , the giant advertising group , postponed its earnings release for a week to give it time to review transactions among its subsidiaries in Europe .
According to one executive briefed on the matter , Google could buy a large amount of radio inventory in CBS Radio , the nation 's second-biggest radio group , amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars of guaranteed revenue for CBS .
''Lee Raymond has been a very strong chairman in a line of very strong chairmen at Exxon , '' said James L. Smith , a business professor at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
New Coca-Cola Chief Says He Plans No Abrupt Change
But ''we had every intention of showing the inadequacies , including substantively , in the government 's proposed order , '' particularly since Judge Jackson rejected Microsoft 's request for remedy hearings .
Southwest Airlines said its employees acted responsibly in a very difficult situation .
But the program to protect personal computer manufacturers and other partners stemmed from a two-day session at company headquarters last fall , when the PC makers told Microsoft executives that just being sued was a matter of pressing concern .
''Clearly it makes better sense for us to own the network , '' said Robert L. Barrett , president of the company 's Frontier Network Systems and Services Group .
On some Nokia phones , the Yahoo software will automatically synchronize information on the telephone with information stored on Yahoo 's Internet site .
If I.B.M .
Red Hat , leading seller of open-source software , is expected to outline push into global market for desktop systems , area where grass-roots Linux software has so far failed to make dent against Microsoft Corp ( S )
AT & T said last week that Mr. Malone would leave its board after the company spins off Liberty Media , the entertainment company of which Mr. Malone is chairman and which AT & T had acquired along with Tele-Communications Inc .
''The crop business may be good for Novartis , but it 's not an important card in the deck of Merck 's core business of human pharmaceuticals .
Intergraph executives say that Intel 's decision to withhold technological data in a market that changes as quickly as the computer industry has been a serious corporate setback .
Microsoft executives describe a series of examples of teamwork across the Office and Windows divide .
Though Motorola is not a big competitor in the computer business , its overall size , strong brand name and reputation for quality have heartened Apple loyalists who have been beleaguered by the company 's declining sales and management turmoil in the last year or so .
2 Interpublic Units In Deals Overseas
Nearly two decades ago , Texas Instruments was the first global technology company to set up a development operation in India , and the company has reaped benefits in the form of 225 United States patents awarded to its Indian operation .
Justice Department and Microsoft deliver final arguments before Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , presiding in antitrust case against software giant ; government presses hard on broad points ; says it is impossible to imagine that company will not be found guilty of violating nation 's antitrust laws ; says it will not settle for mild sanctions ; Microsoft refuses to give ground ; says it is impossible to see how it could be found guilty ; Jackson gives company little basis to expect any easing of his finding of fact that it is a monopoly whose behavior harms consumers ; dismisses crucial Microsoft defense that Windows operating system is protected by copywright and therefore immune to government 's accusations ; compares company to John D Rockefeller 's Standard Oil monopoly , which was subject of first major antitrust case in 1906 that resulted in its breakup ( M )
Amazon 's margin on diamond jewelry , for example , is 13 percent , the company said .
That ad-supported software , distributed as a Web service , is a threat to Microsoft 's model of selling licensed desktop software , at least in the consumer market .
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings increased 15 percent despite weak economic conditions in several of its international markets .
Microsoft stock closed at $ 51.75 , up $ 1.31 , on volume of 55.3 million shares in Nasdaq trading .
The wireless business provided strong growth for Verizon , as it has for Verizon 's rivals .
Organizations like Reporters Without Borders have criticized Yahoo , Google and MSN , saying they have ''yielded to the Chinese government 's censorship requests . ''
''But the difference is that Microsoft tried to create incompatibilities , '' said Jeffrey Tarter , editor of Softletter , an industry newsletter .
General Motors Corp says it will contribute most of proceeds from $ 13.1 billion bond issue to its retirement plans later this year ; GM will end up with gain -- small oen for 2003 -- because pension contribution will be close to end of year ; transactions will increase GM 's profits by about $ 200 million before taxes in 2004 , compared with net income of $ 1.7 billion last year ( Market Place column ) ( M )
General Motors , which owned half of Daewoo before 1992 and sold its stake back to the company for $ 200 million , began new talks to take over the company at the height of Korea 's economic crisis in 1998 , but has not consummated a deal because of concerns about the company 's debts , now estimated at $ 15 billion , and strife with its unions over layoffs .
Lawrence J. Ellison 's tentative settlement of an insider trading case hit a snag yesterday , when a California judge questioned why the company that Mr. Ellison heads , the Oracle Corporation , should pay legal fees to the lawyers who brought the case .
Changes in top executives are being made at three agencies owned by Interpublic Group .
Mr. Durzi said eBay told Mr. Walton to either ''stop what he was doing or we 'd take steps to stop it for him . ''
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co names Foote , Cone & Belding Worldwide to handle various brands in US and Europe ; billings estimated at $ 65 million to $ 70 million ; brands had been handled by Wells BDDP ; Aamco Transmissions Inc names Partners & Shevack to handle to handle advertising for more than 700 franchised automotive repair stores ; those duties had been handled by Publicis/Bloom ; Sprint Corp names Grey Advertising to handle consolidated creative duties for local business markets and local brand creative for its local division , which had been handled by various agencies ( M )
Cingular and Verizon have been able to find new customers even though nearly 70 percent of Americans already own mobile phones .
TAP , a joint venture of Abbott Laboratories and Takeda Chemical Industries of Japan , and two managed care drug distributors , Caremark Rx and Express Scripts , said that they had received subpoenas in the last 10 days .
PC makers , software developers and others who rely on Microsoft 's Windows technology were disappointed by the delay past the holiday season in the consumer market , and their sales will most likely suffer this year .
Like the chief executives of the British drug giants Glaxo Wellcome and AstraZeneca , Dr. Vasella said he thought that Pfizer would succeed in its bid to take over Warner-Lambert .
The leading provider of software that routes electronic mail through the Internet plans to announce on Tuesday that it has developed a simple and free fix for a security vulnerability discovered in three E-mail programs made by the Microsoft Corporation and the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Amgen 's $ 16 billion purchase of Immunex is largest of spate of acquisitions sweeping biotechnology industry and portends change in structure of industry and its relationship to shareholders ; some believe that more consolidations are bound to occur ; photo ( M )
Yahoo , which according to CMR spent $ 3.5 million in advertising last year , is also ratcheting up its ''buzz marketing strategy . ''
Motorola said it expected its third-quarter results to be hurt by weakness in the world 's two largest markets for pagers , the United States and China .
But the sniping has become particularly pointed in recent months , as Boeing revived assertions that Airbus competes unfairly , having received some $ 15 billion in government aid over the last three decades .
''Our calculus was that at the end of the day there was unlikely to be another bidder , '' Comcast 's president , Stephen B. Burke , said yesterday .
THE Sierra Club introduced an advertising campaign yesterday that ties fuel economy to patriotism and calls for action by William Clay Ford Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of the Ford Motor Company , who was once viewed by the group as an ally .
Intergraph , in its suit , said it had no alternatives for the microprocessors it needed other than Intel , and a Federal judge agreed .
Prince , the chief executive of Citigroup , has taken a number of symbolic steps to address looming concerns by investors that his company , the world 's largest financial institution , is too immense to manage , not to mention grow .
''There is something very clever going on here with Apple releasing Safari for Windows , '' said Scott Love , president of Aquaminds Software , a Macintosh developer based in Palo Alto , Calif. ''Do n't ever underestimate S .
MICROSOFT EXPANDS IN IRELAND
The Xerox Corporation , still struggling to become as much an undisputed leader in digital imaging machines as it was in old-style copiers , said yesterday that high training costs , pricing pressures and slow sales had combined to drive its earnings below analysts ' expectations .
Yahoo Plans $ 21 Million Charge To Exit Joint Venture With Visa
Business travel news roundup ; American Express reports typical business air fare rose 16 percent in 1997 , biggest jump in four years ; Algonquin Hotel , New York City , is undergoing $ 5.5 million restoration ; Gordon Campbell-Gray plans to open new hotel , One Aldwych , in renovated 1906 landmark London building ( M )
But analysts worry that many were focusing on personal postmerger prospects or on reshaping Honeywell as a component of G.E .
He noted that Verizon had already made that move and that he expected BellSouth to follow suit .
Stephen Elop , president and chief executive of Macromedia , will become Adobe 's president of worldwide field operations .
''But Woodstock can not be crucified on the cross of CVS . ''
Jamie Estes , president of Print Solutions , a commercial printer in Birmingham , Ala. , had for many years paid Xerox a monthly fee to supply , maintain and operate its Docutech machines .
And that was before G.M. , the Ford Motor Company and the auto supply giant Delphi disclosed this week that they were among six companies asked by the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide information as part of an inquiry into corporate pension and health care accounting practices .
In March 2003 , a Microsoft employee introduced a software framework for electronic business to the United Nations subcommittee as an alternative to ebXML .
''Doug wants to spend some time getting familiar with the new job before he chooses a new president , '' said James B. Williams , chairman of Suntrust Banks Inc. and chairman of the Coca-Cola board 's finance committee .
The magazine describes General Motors as the ''brand killer from Detroit , '' using ''Wild West '' methods .
Bloomberg officials pressed Verizon to take advantage of a program that offers federal tax incentives for staying in or relocating to Lower Manhattan , Mr. Skyler said .
Yahoo is looking to sell ads on other sites in part because the growth of its own user base is slowing .
Microsoft Witness Attacked For Contradictory Opinions
AFTER more than a year of mopping up a mess of regulatory scandals , Citigroup said yesterday that the Federal Reserve had cleared it to pursue big deals .
True , he places much of the blame on the software that other companies produce for use with Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
Amazon.com , the biggest online seller of CDs , is joining the movement against copy-protection software for digital music .
Mattel , the world 's largest toy maker , based in El Segundo , Calif. , near Los Angeles , is trying to retool itself as a broader children 's products concern .
Michael Schauseil , the telecommunications manager at Blue Cross and Blue Shield , said his company benefited from the competition because it renegotiated its contract with Frontier just after Time Warner and AT & T gained permission to enter the market .
Ms. Hayden , in a statement provided yesterday by Saatchi New York , praised General Mills and said that she was ''looking forward to working on their whole range of iconic brands . ''
A sale of a stake was intended to dilute General Electric 's control of Gecas , because the commission is concerned with the power Gecas wields in the aviation market .
In the weeks and months that followed , the White House complied , working behind the scenes to help Monsanto -- long a political power with deep connections in Washington -- get the regulations that it wanted .
Immediately after the spinoff , Hughes Aircraft and Raytheon will merge in a stock swap in which Raytheon shareholders gain control of 70 percent of the company and G.M .
Mr. Luftman said Time Warner was taking the Fox threat very seriously .
Intel said the chips consume as much as 40 percent less power and run up to 20 percent faster than 0.18-micron chips , a potential help to manufacturers trying to make small notebooks run faster while using less battery power .
Procter is extremely secretive and executives were stunned that news of the talks became public and caused a revolt among shareholders .
Tony Stewart wins Winston Cup race at Watkins Glen one week after sponsor Home Depot fined him and placed him on probation for punching photographer at Brickyard 400 auto race ; photos ( M )
Still , choice is good , and it 's nice to see Apple making a comeback , headed by the iMac 's bright alternative to the accustomed Windows view of the world .
Perceptions that changes in the media realm were coming too slowly were considered a reason for Mr. Roth 's being named in January as Interpublic 's third chief executive in two years .
Apple Computer introduces eMac that will be marketed to students and educators ; machine , with 17-inch monitor and 700 gigahertz processor , starts at $ 999 ( S )
Amazon.com reports $ 5 million profit in fourth quarter , its first quarterly profit ; sales grew 15 percent , to $ 1.12 billion ; founder-chief executive Jeff Bezos comments ( M )
Last Wednesday , its shares plunged 30 percent , to $ 14.77 , when Aon announced the inquiry and also said that it had missed analysts ' earnings expectations for the second quarter by a wide margin and would not spin off its big insurance underwriting business .
And as evidence that the company is doing nothing wrong , its executives point to the recent dismissal of a lawsuit that accused VeriSign of hoarding expired domain names .
What Netflix Could Teach Hollywood
New president of CBS News Sean McManus announces that he expects to name new anchor to replace Dan Rather on CBS Evening News within year ; says show will have solo anchor rather than team and that person selected will come from outside CBS ; will not comment on whether Katie Couric , host of NBC 's Today show , is leading candidate for spot ( M )
Article on how General Mills and other consumer-product stalwarts are using Internet to market their products ; companies discussed include Nestle USA , 1-800-Flowers.com and Reflect.com photos ( M )
''Boeing 's original strategy was purely defensive : to protect the 787 program , '' said Richard L. Aboulafia , vice president for research at the Teal Group , an aerospace consulting firm in Fairfax , Va. ''Now it 's switched from defense to offense .
I.B.M .
Sedgwick and Willis Corroon were the last of the big competitors of Marsh and Aon , leaving a handful of smaller insurance brokers that analysts said were likely to be bought in coming months .
The witness on the stand this week , Avadis Tevanian Jr. , a senior vice president of Apple , is the first witness to testify who is an engineer , not a businessman , and Judge Jackson took the opportunity to ask for explanations on several key points .
A second request could start a lengthy process and potentially cast a pall of uncertainty over the Caremark-CVS deal , which has already received antitrust clearance from the F.T.C .
Some analysts worry that a jury decision June 21 in federal court in Delaware upholding Johnson & Johnson 's patents could allow it to block the introduction of improved versions of Taxus .
WE 'RE just like numbers , '' one juror said last month after voting to order the General Motors Corporation to pay $ 4.9 billion to six people severely burned when the fuel tank of their 1979 Chevrolet Malibu exploded after a drunken driver ran into them .
But he did describe some practices that eBay considers a violation of the rules .
Belgian officials said a ban on imports of Coca-Cola products from a plant in Dunkirk , France , would be maintained until the French authorities had finished their inquiries into contamination there -- including unconfirmed reports that rat poison might have been the cause .
But others said the results spoke more directly to the strength of Yahoo 's business .
*Whether Microsoft could continue tying products to Windows by contract , a business arrangement that is prohibited by an earlier agreement with the government that is scheduled to expire soon .
Amgen said yesterday that it had received approval from the Food and Drug Administration for a new version of its top-selling anemia drug that requires fewer injections .
General Motors Corp will combine its domestic and international automotive operations ; company is expected to announce shakeup on Oct 6 ; combined automotive operations will be led by G Richard Wagoner Jr , , president of North American operations , who is expected to become GM 's chief operating officer and possibly its president ; this would make him likely successor to John F Smith Jr , GM 's chairman , chief executive and president ; Wagoner has been unable to reverse erosion of GM 's market share in North America since he took post four years ago ; GM 's domestic and foreign design engineers have been collaborating for years on new sedan design that would be manufactured worldwide ; consolidation of management responsibility at top would partly reflect this new effort ( M )
The talks are further evidence that the conduct of the board , which has been assailed for supporting Mr. Purcell too strongly , is likely to be the focus of outside scrutiny in coming months as Mr. Purcell continues to make the case that he can govern Morgan Stanley .
Along with Con Edison 's gifts came a few checks from individuals .
Henry A. Schimberg , president and chief executive of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , the parent bottling company in Atlanta , said , ''All the affected pallets have been removed from the plant and from the trade . ''
Analysts said that Mr. Zuendt 's departure only added to the considerable uncertainty about Wells Fargo , once among Wall Street 's darlings .
Microsoft Corp gains some prominent allies in its antitrust fight , as two former United States attorneys general and a pair of former senior White House lawyers support company 's defense in a court filing ; they write friend-of-the-court brief submitted by Association of Competitive Technology , trade group with close ties to Microsoft and founded in 1998 when government filed its antitrust suit against company ; Lloyd N Cutler , counsel to Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter , and C Boyden Gray , counsel to Pres Bush , worked on brief and signed it ; others who joined brief supporting Microsoft include Griffin B Bell , attorney general in Carter administration , Nicholas Katzenbach , attorney general in Johnson administration and general counsel for IBM during its antitrust confrontation with government , and Howard J Trienens , former general counsel for AT & T during its court-ordered breakup ; photo ( M )
Gmail invitations have been auctioned on eBay , at one point reaching prices as high as $ 200 , according to some reports .
The feud between Nielsen and the News Corporation goes back several months .
Microsoft 's Internet computing effort is currently based on 200,000 servers , and the company expects that number to grow to 800,000 by 2011 under its most aggressive forecast , according to a company document .
And he said that ''pretty much all of these companies '' have asked him why they should continue buying his software ''now that Microsoft is doing it for free . ''
Ms. Shackelford has been testing limits since she joined Mattel in 1976 as manager of preschool marketing .
But few if any big marketers have coordinated their general-market and minority campaigns in the way Procter plans .
Under the settlement , I.B.M .
MasterCard , for instance , has tolerated and , arguably , benefited from the spate of profane or off-color parodies of the ''Priceless '' campaign .
And despite making its public debut well over a year ago , ClearType , which Microsoft says can improve text clarity by 300 percent , is still not available to consumers and its technical details remain shrouded in secrecy .
''His challenge is to grow worldwide volume 7 to 8 percent , '' Andrew J. Conway , a securities analyst for Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Company , adding , ''He 'll also need to develop marketing programs that connect with global consumers worldwide , and insure that the Coca-Cola icon becomes more valuable in the eyes of consumers . ''
Among the signs that Amazon notes are ''hushed conversations when you approach which have not occurred before , '' and ''small group huddles breaking up in silence on the approach of the supervisor . ''
Facing an upsurge in potential liability claims , the American International Group increased its reserves by $ 3.5 billion yesterday in a move that could have reverberations across the insurance industry and in Washington , where Republican lawmakers are eager to restrain liability lawsuits .
When the News Corporation came under scrutiny by the Federal Communications Commission for foreign ownership of television stations , HarperCollins , another Murdoch baby , gave then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich a $ 4.5 million book advance .
''The computer has been moving from being a business product in the late 80 's to being a business and consumer product , '' Dennis Carter , vice president and marketing director at Intel in Santa Clara , Calif. , said yesterday .
''We think it 's an outrage that the Justice Department has n't taken action to stop Microsoft , '' said James Love , director of Mr. Nader 's lobbying group , the Consumer Project on Technology .
Laurence Kirschbaum resigns as chairman and chief executive of Time Warner Book Group and will be succeeded by David Young , chairman and chief executive of publisher 's British division ; move surprises employees who have seen publisher rebound after being put up for sale just two years ago ; Kirschbaum photo ( M )
His tenure was one of considerable prosperity for General Motors , and he was the last chief executive to lead G.M .
technology , or code division multiple access , which Verizon Wireless and Sprint use in the United States .
Cisco was caught off-guard the night before its report , which was scheduled to be released after the markets closed today .
Google and Yahoo currently allow only limited targeting of search ads by location .
In a later ruling , in November 2000 , Judge Gomez concluded that available technology would allow Yahoo to take reasonable steps to identify and block the disputed material from French eyes -- thus allowing American users , for example , to continue to view the content .
United Healthcare 's aborted acquisition of Humana may not be the last of its troubles , analysts said .
''If Boeing is delivering planes , then we do n't know how they 're doing it , '' Mr. Bofferding said .
John T. Chambers , the president and chief executive of Cisco , said he saw encouraging signs for a recovery , but he cautioned that the rapid growth that briefly made Cisco the world 's most valuable company would not resume until its customers started reporting profits of their own .
PG & E Corp , in bankruptcy plans , proposes splitting into two utilities , move that would enable it to repay $ 13.2 billion to creditors without assistance from California ; consumer groups warn that plan would free PG & E of some state regulation and thus could lead to higher electricity rates ; Southern California Edison faces news reports that some of its largest creditors are seeking to force it into involuntary bankruptcy ; company , which owes $ 3.9 billion , says it will vigorously fight such action , asserting its creditors should wait two weeks until state legislature votes on bailout plan for utility ( M )
Core earnings for the quarter increased 17 percent to $ 1.12 a share , or $ 1.58 billion , Procter & Gamble said .
Mr. Boies offered several documents suggesting that Compaq 's fear of Microsoft was longstanding .
Microsoft is planning a new category of products that the company 's chairman , Bill Gates , calls ''smart personal objects , '' including travel alarm clocks and wristwatches that receive text messages of weather reports , traffic information , sports scores and family messages .
While analysts had been speculating that Comcast might be willing to bid for the Walt Disney Company in a year or so after it had integrated the AT & T cable systems it acquired in November and paid more of its debt , one person close to the situation said that the acquisition of Vivendi Universal Entertainment could make more sense .
America Online executives have denied that would be part of their strategy , but the commission is exploring whether to impose conditions that would require AOL , the world 's largest Internet service provider , to continue to make use of high-speed telephone lines as well as Time Warner 's cable network .
Costs have risen almost as fast as sales , and the money Procter spent on its initiatives left less to spend on the marketing of its largest businesses .
The International Business Machines Corporation on Tuesday will announce a new generation of computer processors known as the Power4 , challenging a competing chip being developed by the Intel Corporation and the Hewlett Packard Company .
And Express Scripts has been criticized for loading itself up with debt to make an offer that may not receive the F.T.C .
For Nike Inc. , consumers like Ms. Blatt are at the core of a new organizational , product and marketing strategy aimed at finding ways to capture the women 's sports market after years of failures .
''PayPal continues to increase its relevance on and off eBay , '' Ms. Whitman said .
No such midnight madness is expected on June 25 when Microsoft , barring a late intervention by Federal or state antitrust officials , releases Windows 98 .
Amazon said yesterday that it was developing two programs that would begin some time next year .
''Paul has the experience and respect , both inside and outside Microsoft , to push that initiative hard , '' one Microsoft engineer said .
The commission is expected to announce remedies to restore competition in these markets , requiring Microsoft to sell two versions of Windows to PC makers in Europe , one of them with Media Player stripped out .
( Information Resources tracks sales in supermarkets , drug stores and mass merchandisers excluding Wal-Mart . )
During the conference call , Motorola said that while it expected an upturn in the industry next year , it did not expect growth to reach 10 percent , a level necessary to soak up excess capacity and force prices to rise .
Yahoo 's acquisition of Overture would provide guaranteed distribution of its ads and a measure of financial stability .
According to people involved in the Congressional inquiry , Citigroup executives are expected to tell the committee on Wednesday that the transactions with Enron were legal and followed accounting rules .
What all this means for Xerox and its share price is unclear .
Within minutes after the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange , $ 36 billion in market value for Procter had vanished -- quantifying the wrath of investors unaccustomed to bad news from a company that is often referred to as an ''iron man '' for its steady , predictable profit growth .
''I think Comcast will have to come up with another offer , '' which could include a cash component , said Dennis Leibowitz , who heads Act II Partners , a hedge fund that specializes in media .
Shares of Guidant Corp , heart device maker , decline as investors take news that company has received two Justice Department subpoenas as further sign that Johnson & Johnson will reduce or abandon its $ 25.4 billion offer to buy Guidant ( M )
But United States District Judge Gerard Lynch denied Morgan Stanley 's appeal and ruled that ''the subpoenas will be enforced , '' though he said the firm had to turn over information only about formal complaints of discrimination .
Microsoft announces licensing plan for Windows that could mean cost savings for coporate customers that upgrade to multicore computers when they become available starting in 2005 ( S )
Under the deal being discussed , Legg Mason , of Baltimore , which manages $ 373 billion , would exchange its 1,542 brokers for around $ 460 billion in new assets from Citigroup .
General Motors Corp expands its advertising agency roster by naming Modernista in Boston to handle account of Hummer brand of wide-body vehicles ; billings estimated at $ 20 million to $ 35 million ( S )
is effectively cashing out of Lockheed Martin .
Yahoo 's strategy has gained some allies , too .
A spokesman for Microsoft , Rick Miller , confirmed that a number of the company 's machines had gone unpatched , and that Microsoft Network services , like many others on the Internet , experienced a significant slowdown .
Although Mr. Byrd said he was able to achieve sales well ahead of his goals , he was unable to move into another position , and he left Xerox last year .
When Marsh & McLennan bought Kroll earlier this year , it brought Mr. Cherkasky in on a four-year employment contract worth more than $ 16 million .
Home Depot 's shares lost 28.7 percent of their value during the trading session .
Morgan Stanley 's real estate investment arm agrees to take minority stake in Indian property company Mantri Developers for $ 68 million ; Mantri builds residential , office and retail projects ; managing director Sushil Mantri comments ( S )
Ms. Wojtowicz said the town had approved plans for two new hotels along Route 9 : a 144-room Hilton Garden Inn and a 128-room Marriott Residence Inn .
Last week , a federal judge ruled that Microsoft was in violation of federal and state antitrust laws .
A coroner found Mr. Ernst 's cause of death to be an arrhythmia , or irregular heartbeat , and no clinical trials have ever linked Vioxx to arrhythmias , said Gerry Lowry , a lawyer for Merck .
Yet , despite being designed by the reknowned I. M. Pei , the addition struck many as an ill-fitting add-on -- perhaps unconsciously reflecting the clumsy giant that I.B.M .
Interpublic Official To Step Down
And some mutual funds may have limited their purchases of debt issued by subprime lenders to securities rated highly by credit rating agencies like Moody 's Investors Service , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch Ratings .
AT & T said sales in its telecommunications services business rose 7.2 percent , to $ 12.1 billion .
Why is General Electric still vigorously lobbying regulators about its planned acquisition of Honeywell International if the deal is really dead ?
Though both cases could take months to conclude , a suit against Intel will never reach a Federal District Court .
On Friday , Pfizer said that a study had found that high doses of Celebrex taken for long periods were associated with a sharply increased risk of heart attacks .
While the new Morgan Stanley would retain its blue-chip trading and investment banking capacities , it would forgo its institutional asset management business -- a profitable component before the merger .
They differ with the Government , however , in asserting that they had every right to take the actions they took against Compaq , Digital and Intergraph , and they say that Intel will take similar actions again if the need arises .
While addressing succession concerns , the appointments are also expected to help assuage the low hum of internal dissent within the firm , especially amongst the firm 's investment bankers and traders , all of who have seen their large amount of Morgan Stanley stock , down from over $ 100 at its high in 2000 , tread water as stocks of smaller firms have soared .
Motorola lost $ 1.24 billion on sales of $ 7.32 billion in last quarter of 2001 ( S )
''The Xerox technology will actually be important in coming up with solutions that really utilize camera phones , '' he said .
In particular , consumer groups and competitors fear that the combined AOL Time Warner , which would run television networks , own cable systems and control nearly half of the consumer market for Internet access , would be so powerful it could stifle other would-be providers of interactive television .
Xerox , which enjoys a reputation for emphasizing diversity and being one of the best companies for minorities , has a strict policy prohibiting discrimination , according to a company spokeswoman .
monopoly , '' referring to Microsoft 's commanding share of the browser market , which Microsoft includes in Windows .
''For software , this is wildly hard , '' said John Douceur , a Microsoft researcher .
Intel contended that the Pentium chips had relied on some of the same memory technology in the Clipper chips .
Warner-Lambert 's Chief Defends Decision to Ignore Pfizer 's Bid
The publishing executives said Amazon had asked them to keep the plan confidential until the start of the service , which was scheduled for the fall .
The United States government has intervened in Microsoft 's antitrust dispute with the European Commission , urging it and the 25 national governments in the European Union to be fair to the company , American diplomats and European officials said on Thursday .
He said Oracle was repeatedly given such assurances .
And despite a Microsoft-sponsored rally last week in New York to demonstrate industry opposition to delaying the release of Windows 98 , the nation 's leading personal computer manufacturers are not proving to be the zealous allies that Microsoft executives might hope for .
Interpublic also cautioned last week that it might have to restate results from 1996 to 2001 because of problems related to the improper consolidation of results of hundreds of agencies acquired in those years .
The suit , filed in the United States Court of Claims in Washington , comes nine months after 750 former I.B.M .
That is because there could be a short-term rise in the stock over the next few weeks , after Xerox 's expected announcement of the sale of a 25 percent stake in Fuji Xerox , its joint venture with Fuji Photo Film .
It would be complicated for Texaco to find a way to get the alliance to fit into a merger with Chevron , which is one of the largest refiners and marketers of gasoline in the country .
Indeed , Mr. Braun said yesterday that the way to keep users on Yahoo 's site longer -- and thus be able to show them more advertising -- was to offer ways they can create their own content and look at content created by others .
Although a timetable for sale of the $ 400 million was unclear today , Mr. Corzine denied that his Goldman Sachs holdings would influence his work as a senator .
Micron 's announcement that it was walking away came as almost as big a shock to the finance ministry and the creditors as the Hynix board 's rejection did .
You recognize that this is a document produced from Microsoft 's files do you not , sir ?
Citigroup 's results for all of 1998 included a bevy of charges , including $ 703 million of a previously announced $ 900 million charge related to eliminating about 10,400 jobs .
The increases in the United States and Canada by the bottler , Coca-Cola Enterprises , were followed in recent weeks by an increase in concentrate prices by Coca-Cola .
Mr. van Miert insisted that the exclusivity clauses be dropped and that Boeing agree not to strike similar deals in the future .
As a result , the proposed deal between AT & T and Comcast , which would have been unthinkable only a year ago , is not expected to encounter any serious impediments here .
With Congress back and preparing to decide whether to restore or cut the money , officials from Lockheed Martin , Boeing and Pratt & Whitney , a unit of United Technologies , are holding a conference and pep rally in the Virginia suburbs today and Wednesday to pump up top subcontractors of the F-22 and then send them off to lobby Congress in a bid to save the $ 70 billion program .
Even so , analysts say melding NYLCare with Aetna may prove challenging , especially in light of the difficulties Aetna has had in absorbing U.S. Healthcare .
Faced with public demonstrations of discontent by its employees , Wal-Mart Stores has developed a wide-ranging new program intended to show that it appreciates its 1.3 million workers in the United States and to encourage them to air their grievances .
John F. Welch Jr. , the former chief of General Electric , has been looking into what would be a far less relaxing pursuit : running a newspaper .
''News Corporation may get some benefit , '' Mr. Read said , ''as long as it 's at the right price . ''
He would have been willing to delay the ruling , he added , if he had sensed that Microsoft was moving in his direction .
The credit rating of Halliburton , the big oil services company , remains investment grade , two notches above high-yield , or junk , status .
Two histories of the personal computer , Mr. Levy 's ''Hackers '' and ''Gates : How Microsoft 's Mogul Reinvented an Industry -- and Made Himself the Richest Man in America , '' by Paul Andrews and Stephen Manes , refer to the incident , but neither names a culprit .
Xerox has also parceled out some of its financing portfolio to other companies .
The logo for Apple Inc. is an apple with a bite taken out of it .
Eliot Spitzer , New York 's attorney general , said in a statement that his state joined the lawsuit because , ''Without PeopleSoft in the market , Oracle would lose the incentive to offer lower prices , better services and more innovative products . ''
The First Chicago NBD Corporation said profits rose 9 percent , and the PNC Bank Corporation reported a 28 percent jump in earnings .
Hundreds of union protesters rallied yesterday at the headquarters of Verizon Communications in Manhattan , asserting that the company was violating a labor contract in which it agreed not to fight organizing drives at nonunion operations .
''It is true , '' Mr. Fingerman said of the similarities , attributing them to a Campbell desire ''to get the record straight . ''
Free from the burden of paying the largest racial discrimination settlement ever and the cost of revamping , the Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings nearly quadrupled .
Chris Donlay , an eBay spokesman , said the company already had a dispute settlement service that ''our sellers are pretty happy with . ''
''I sold a bunch off last year at $ 106 , then I got nervous and bought back in '' at around $ 86 , said Lou Kiersky , a retired Boeing engineer , who was at the Crossroads shopping center , near the Microsoft campus , late last week watching a chess match being played out on a giant floor board in the mall .
Apple Computer reports sharp increase in sales and profit in most recent quarter ; profit in second quarter that ended April 1 increased 41 percent , to $ 410 million , compared with $ 290 million year earlier ; sales rose 34 percent , to $ 4.36 billion , compared with $ 3.24 billion year ago ; photo ( M )
Then three years ago , CBS made these out-of-market games available as a video streaming product on the Internet .
NO one will ever fault the new AT & T for not having big ambitions .
Under pressure from investors , the chairman and chief executive of Citigroup , Charles O .
And the reputation of The Journal and Dow Jones for serious , accurate and objective work , he said , ''would be damaged if Rupert Murdoch and his News Corporation take over Dow Jones , '' he said .
I.B.M .
*Exxon will sell assets connected with its worldwide commercial airline lubricant business .
Unlike Amazon , Borders continues to publish the list in the traditional numerical order of rankings .
3Com stands to gain at least as much as Cisco and Huawei from a legal settlement .
Analysts had been expecting Citigroup to report earnings of 97 cents a share in the quarter , according to a survey of 15 analysts conducted by Thomson First Call .
''It 's a buyer 's market in terms of hiring people out of Yahoo , '' said a prominent Silicon Valley venture capitalist who asked to remain anonymous , in part because three of the companies he has backed are talking to different Yahoo vice presidents about possible jobs .
That result was attributed to a recommendation by Institutional Shareholder Services , a corporate-governance watchdog , against re-electing Mr. Samper because he attended only 72 percent of Interpublic board meetings rather than the 75 percent the watchdog group prefers to see .
What they have come up with is a brand transformation program that encompasses not just advertising , but also product design , public relations , ''pretty much everything Kodak , '' as Mr. Gustin put it .
AT & T owns 25 percent of Time Warner Entertainment , a holding company for some of Time Warner 's cable and production assets .
Meg Whitman , chief executive of eBay , said the acquisition did not mean that eBay intended to become a Web portal like Yahoo , Microsoft and Google , which deliver a range of services .
''I view the biggest challenge for Microsoft going forward , now that it 's in the position it 's in , is changing its culture adequately to no longer consider itself to be the underdog , '' Stewart Alsop of New Enterprise Associates , a venture capital firm in San Francisco , told the Judiciary Committee .
There was not a single design of Louis Comfort Tiffany in the company 's collections , nor any mention of him in the company 's literature beyond the fact that he had been named its first design director in 1902 and that his jewelry , as well as many of his decorative objects , had been retailed by Tiffany . ''
Neither Ms. Bartiromo nor her supervisors thought her stake in Citigroup should disqualify her from questioning Mr. Weill about the company 's future and his decision to step down as chief executive at year-end .
Because of the immediacy of News Corporation 's Sky Global offering , along with any potential offer for Hughes , Mr. Murdoch and Mr. Malone are under more pressure to resolve their negotiations .
Perhaps most important , Mr. Malone 's deal with AT & T limits the amount of debt Liberty may carry .
If not , Nike may still have worried that Sears Holdings , the company that resulted from the Kmart-Sears combination , would undermine Nike 's image .
While most tobacco-related lawsuits have sought billions of dollars in punitive damages , this suit , filed in Federal District Court in Brooklyn , asks that Philip Morris USA , the maker of Marlboro cigarettes and a unit of Altria , be required to pay for low-dose CT scan tests , a new method for identifying potentially cancerous lesions in the lungs .
But the software will prevent songs from being played unless the user pays for them or meets other licensing agreements , said Will Poole , senior director of marketing and business development for Microsoft 's streaming media division .
The site recently introduced a daily Most Popular list ( ask.yahoo.com /ask/most ) , revealing which questions are the most forwarded by site visitors .
Adding Fleet would do little to enhance Bank of America 's standing in investment banking , beyond adding to its roster of small- to mid-size corporate clients .
New Yorker magazine 's latest issue contains 23,000-word article by Ken Auletta on antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp , longest article by far published under new editor , David Remnick ; Autletta portrays Microsoft chairman William H Gates more as angry adolescent than billionaire defendant ; photo ( M )
AT & T would then sell all or a part of that stake to the public , while AOL Time Warner held its portion , making Time Warner Cable a separately traded subsidiary of AOL Time Warner .
Tim Boyd , an analyst with Caris & Company who has a buy rating on eBay , said he saw click-to-call as a ''tremendous opportunity '' for eBay to generate revenue by charging businesses for the calls .
Mr. Spiwak said that an early miss was Indonesia , where Wal-Mart began trying to build a business in 1996 .
Pfizer said yesterday that it would deliver $ 45 million in savings and program investments from July 2003 to September 2005 .
The Xerox Corporation , its finances in chaos and its stock in free fall , plans to spin off a small company today that demonstrates that its technological prowess , at least , remains intact .
The value of Ms. Miller 's Priceline options briefly shot up to more than $ 40 million last March , before crashing to earth .
It is there that the commission and Morgan Stanley agree that the documents they have shared in the past 2 1/2 years will remain confidential .
China agrees to give up plan to impose its own standard for wireless technology , essentially agreeing to join rest of world rather than dividing it up ; will indefinitely postpone plan , scheduled to go into effect on June 1 , to impose software encryption standard for wirelesss computers that American giants like Intel and Microsoft regard as unfair trade barrier ; concession is one of several made by China in daylong trade meeting in Washington between Chinese and Bush administration officials ; Chinese also agree to accede to administration demands to crack down on counterfeiting and piracy of intellectual property rights , to fully open their markets six months ahead and to sign international treaties protecting intellectual property rights on Internet ; photo ( M )
Microsoft And Google Set to Wage Arms Race
''I 'll be available when asked for whatever chores CBS News , '60 Minutes , ' 'The Evening News , ' etcetera , have in mind for me , '' Mr. Wallace said .
And they said Yahoo and other Internet companies that rely heavily on advertising by dot-com concerns were clearly not out of the woods yet .
The SA302 is available at Wal-Mart , Target , Sears and other stores for $ 29.99 .
A spokesman said AT & T would mail copies of the software to the 253 visitors who went home empty-handed .
Comcast now expects operating cash flow to rise as much as 15 percent this year , from 12 percent in an earlier forecast .
On the cover of the June 2001 issue of Nevada Woman was the article ''Women of Wells Fargo , '' a profile of three top executives at Wells Fargo Nevada bank .
Gibboney Huske , an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston , was even more succinct : ''They came in on expectations , and for Kodak that in itself is news . ''
Rob Fixmer State of the Art column comments on Microsoft 's new Media Player 9 ; used with cable-modem connection , player improves media streaming capabilities ; photos ; drawing ( M )
Mr. Womack wrote e-mail messages to Mr. Weisman signing them ''Sean and Julie '' that discussed the two leaving Wal-Mart to work in a venture with Draft FCB , Wal-Mart said in its filing .
''With Amazon in this , people will feel that online is the place to buy jewelry , '' Mr. Gniwisch said .
A CBS Deal With Couric May Be Near
On Friday , Representative Edward J. Markey , the senior Democrat on the House Consumer Protection Committee , wrote Intel 's chief executive , Craig Barrett , asking that the company reconsider its plans to ''better balance '' commercial and privacy objectives .
Since announcing its bid in December , Express Scripts has called on Caremark 's management to meet and discuss the offer .
American Home Products , which owns 41 percent of Immunex , will sell its shares and end up owning 8 percent of Amgen .
But how long can Comcast continue winning by default ?
While it is still the nation 's most-visited fast-food chain -- more than 20 million people eat at McDonald 's in the United States every day -- the company is facing a decline in its portion of the fast-food market and in the estimation of many of its customers , multiple surveys say .
For a striving young media executive , a career path that takes one from Hong Kong to New York to this bucolic German town in the lowlands of Westphalia might not seem like an obvious way to join the ranks of moguls like the News Corporation 's Rupert Murdoch or Viacom 's Sumner Redstone .
By almost any measure , both Amgen and Genentech remain remarkably successful .
Even in a business crowded with new companies , ''we will be the only one at this point in time to have the support of all six of the majors , '' said Kevin Swint , Wal-Mart 's divisional merchandise manager for digital media .
The Ohio court issued a subpoena , which the attorneys sent to Yahoo .
In addition to imposing the fees , Continental plans to reduce its capacity in the next year , freeze hiring and ground 11 Boeing MD-80 's , in addition to the 49 aircraft taken out of service since Sept. 11 .
Computer flight simulations are among the most popular software sold ; FAA even approves some desktop simulations for training under certain conditions ; some pilots still regard simulations as a waste of time or even counterproductive ; assessment of simulation software from Microsoft , Sierra and Eidos Interactive/Looking Glass ; photo ( L )
''Compaq understands the benefits of separating computing and communications functions in a hand-held computing device so that both functions are maximized , '' Ron Smith , senior vice president of Intel 's wireless communications and computing group , said in a statement .
Called the Software Investment Guide , the document includes information on all of Oracle 's products and services , including consulting and education .
Brand Services at OgilvyOne in New York , called the I.B.M .
While Xerox , which is based in Stamford , Conn. , has dismissed Mr. Bingham 's accusations , some investors and analysts think they deserve further scrutiny .
At that time , when many big corporations were being assailed politically and in the news media over a wave of downsizings , Aetna 's chairman , Ronald E. Compton , suggested that the number of jobs lost in the merger would probably be minimal , though he allowed that ''as we streamline , there are bound to be some . ''
's directors approved the deal yesterday after Honeywell 's board voted on Saturday evening in favor of being acquired by G.E. , the nation 's largest old-time conglomerate .
Verizon plans to open a similar store this month in a location the company has not announced .
Slim 's fixed-line company , to pay $ 676 million for Verizon 's 28.5 percent stake in the leading Venezuelan provider , Compañia Anónima Nacional Teléfonos de Venezuela .
Ms. Goodman at Merrill Lynch said Aetna had reported in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that it had underestimated its costs in the second half of 1999 , which may have led to misjudgments about this year 's costs .
The moves come in the wake of the latest broadside by the group of eight retired Morgan Stanley executives who have been lobbying the Morgan Stanley board to oust Mr. Purcell .
If Microsoft 's only concern had been brand association , restrictions on the ability of IAP 's to promote Navigator likely would have sufficed .
This simple example pits Kodak 's $ 200 all-in-one , the 5300 , against H.P .
Xerox is trying to make up for lost time .
Microsoft said it believed there was no problem with the clause but said it would drop it from future contracts .
Intel spent $ 2.5 billion to buy back 93.6 million shares of its common stock in the quarter , and on Sept. 1 , it paid shareholders a dividend of 8 cents a share .
Amazon.com opens online computer storefront offering new and refurbished computers ; prices are comparable to manufacturers ' online outlets ( M )
PMK , public relations agency , is in talks to be acquired by McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
The company had previously pursued a number of operating system efforts , including a project with I.B.M .
Verizon declined to comment .
Agilent Technologies is gaining commercial rights to an experimental technique that could someday cut to mere hours the time needed to sequence a person 's entire genetic code .
For Comcast , buying Adelphia with Time Warner and then trading its stake in Time Warner Cable for parts of Adelphia offers particular advantages .
The dispute involves Yan Gang , chief executive at the Citic Guoan Group in China , and Sir Martin Sorrell , chief executive of the WPP Group , the world 's second-largest agency company behind the Omnicom Group .
The single person most responsible for Microsoft 's selecting the name Windows , according to court documents , was Rowland Hanson , a marketer who came from Neutrogena , the soap and cosmetics maker .
''We had a tremendous year in 2005 , '' said Charles Miller , a Boeing spokesman in London .
Verizon Communications said yesterday that it could reduce its price for MCI by as much as $ 60.8 million , or 21 cents a share , if the company 's tax and bankruptcy liabilities exceeded forecasts .
The support for Microsoft comes at a time when attorneys general from 13 states are close to preparing a joint antitrust action against Microsoft , apparently aimed at blocking the release of Windows 98 .
''The systems that sell into large corporations are almost 100 percent Intel , '' said Samir Bhavnani , director of research at Current Analysis , a market research firm in San Diego .
A company spokesman , Michael Sullivan , said the moves were routine cuts that were part of Intel 's pricing strategy .
The legal challenge was filed two years ago against VeriSign Inc. , RSA Security Inc. and four other companies by Leon Stambler , a retired electronics engineer who lives in Pompano Beach , Fla .
Mr. Moonves , who throughout a career in Hollywood had believed in the power of a big-name talent to drive audiences -- despite a mixed record of success with that strategy -- made some discreet approaches to Ms. Couric 's representatives shortly after Mr. Rather 's exit : Was there a chance she would be interested in the CBS anchor job ?
One change is meant to help General Mills adapt to the new-media landscape as it tries to reach consumers using nontraditional approaches like the Internet , e-mail marketing and branded entertainment .
The best known of these projects is Linux , a computer operating system that Microsoft now regards as the leading competitive threat to its lucrative Windows franchise in the market for software that runs computer servers .
Otherwise , ''Microsoft will be able to say , 'See , not even all of the plaintiffs agree on this , ' '' one official noted .
In the same building , Time Warner representatives made their case .
Interpublic , which owns agencies like Lowe & Partners Worldwide and McCann-Erickson Worldwide , had $ 2.9 billion in debt as of Sept. 30 .
When News Corporation reported a 10 percent increase in operating income yesterday , Mr. Murdoch declined to discuss the negotiations .
At a time when few new carriers have emerged worldwide and several in the United States have gone bankrupt , Mr. Abed , who is now 40 , has built an airline called Taesa into Mexico 's third largest , after Aeromexico and Mexicana Airlines .
With auto sales in the United States , the most important market for General Motors , running at a record pace so far this year , the company 's results were disappointing , analysts said .
Federal prosecutors say their investigation of accounting practices at WorldCom Inc might result in new charges and indictments against executives involved in company 's effort to hide billions of dollars of expenses ; this suggests that plea deal reached with three former WorldCom executives is continuing to produce results for prosecutors ; former chief financial officer Scott D Sullivan and Buford Yates Jr , former director of general accounting , plead not guilty on several securities fraud counts and are released on bond , $ 500,000 and $ 10 million respectively ; Yates 's lawyer is seeking to shift his client 's trial from New York to Mississippi , where Yates resides ; is bankruptcy court approves agreement reached between WorldCom and Verizon Communications under which WorldCom will pay Verizon $ 35 million ; photo ( M )
Correction of Mar 23 article : American International Group , not two offshore insurance companies , is owed money in reinsurance deals between AIG and companies
According to lawyers familiar with her testimony , Ms. Reichel 's deposition alluded to the destruction and withholding of evidence that would have been relevant to the Justice Department 's previous investigation of Microsoft , which the company settled in 1995 .
Sell your past purchases at Amazon.com today ! ''
Federal appeals court rules , 3-to-0 , that National Basketball Assn may not stop Motorola Inc and sports statistics-gathering company from transmitting continuously updated scores of NBA games on hand-held pager that Motorola sells ; decision reverses ruling by lower court judge who had concluded that NBA 's commercial property was being misappropriated by Motorola and Sports Team Analysis and Tracking Systems , known as Stats Inc ; defendants ' winning argument was that pager-like gadget , called Sportstrax , was merely relaying factual information already in the public domain ; court 's ruling has broader implications : because Stats Inc also has America Online site where users can view same game information , ruling could also protect news information transmitted via on-line services ; because of First Amendment implications of case , news organizations had filed friend-of-the-court briefs supporting the defendants ( M )
While Time Warner does not break out sales for the group , Mr. Kirshbaum said in a speech last November that sales in 2004 would be about $ 450 million .
In the first court papers it has filed in its defense , the Microsoft Corporation called the Government 's sweeping antitrust case against it ''completely groundless '' and offered a glimpse of the legal strategy it will pursue .
A spokeswoman for United Healthcare said yesterday that the deal was still progressing on schedule , but Humana , based in Louisville , Ky. , was not so enthusiastic .
Definitions aside , Microsoft 's early media efforts strike some industry executives as borrowing too much from the computer business and perhaps not enough from television .
Hitachi Ltd and Mitsubishi Electric Corp are in talks to merger their system chip businesses ; Micron Technology announces tentative agreement to take over memory chip making operations of Hynix Semiconductor , vaulting it to first place in field ahead of Samung Electronics ( M )
The list ( www.amazon.com/exec/obidos /wishlist/3IGJALT1QFL32/107-5934980 -2923720 ) contains 69 movies on videotape or DVD that a Michael McDermott chose last year between March 14 and Sept. 18 , the last day the list was updated .
Eight former Morgan Stanley executives have now spoken out to urge the board that Mr. Purcell be replaced immediately as chief executive .
( McDonald 's now accounts for 15.2 percent of the market . )
Downtown landlords here are in an uproar over a measure that would allow a public subsidy for a proposed new 60-story headquarters building for Comcast , the giant cable company that wants to take over the Walt Disney Company .
When Chevron began spending what would become $ 700 million on the Tengiz oilfields of Kazakstan , its competitors were at best skeptical .
Bob Ryan , a shareholder who worked as a McDonald 's executive with Ray Kroc , the company 's founder , was pleased .
Intel shares had fallen $ 1.18 , or 4.2 percent , to $ 27 , in regular trading .
I.B.M .
Belgium Lightens Coca-Cola 's Problems , but Questions Persist
Indeed , AT & T and BellSouth consider themselves complementary partners because they compete very little for local phone and Internet customers , and they jointly own Cingular Wireless .
The Entergy Corporation , a large New Orleans-based utility , is aggressively moving into the business of running nuclear plants for other electricity companies .
Mr. Dach has also bolstered Wal-Mart 's once-sedate public relations team , adding dozens of Edelman consultants to its ranks .
''There 's an expectation of a more robust economy in '04 , and people wanted to get their money down , '' said Jon Nesvig , president for sales at Fox Broadcasting , part of the News Corporation .
Today , Marriott International , which is still run by the Marriott family , has more than 140,000 workers and annual sales approaching $ 10 billion .
Spending for the campaign is not being disclosed ; American Express typically spends more than $ 300 million a year on ads in major American media .
Microsoft , a lawyer representing the company in the case , said , was ''absolutely astonished . ''
You can upgrade to the newest edition of Windows Defender by clicking the ''Download It Here '' button at www.microsoft.com/defender .
Level 3 Communications will offer high-speed Internet service over Ethernet ( S )
Industrial giants like General Electric , BP and Ford seek to prove their environmental bona fides in order to impress investors , maintain public images and win competitive advantage , but they also have their eyes on profit potential of green technologies ; photos ( L )
In an effort to revitalize the struggling Itanium computer chip business , Intel and Hewlett Packard said Wednesday that Intel would hire a 300-person Hewlett-Packard design team based in Fort Collins , Colo .
Alice Sheets Marriott , matriarch of the tight-knit family whose name stands on thousands of hotels worldwide , died on Monday in Washington .
Perhaps Exxon Really Needs Stock Options
The moves came a day after MCI 's board accepted a sweetened bid from Verizon worth $ 7.6 billion , even though Qwest had offered $ 8.4 billion .
We 're in the midst of this huge online advertising boom , and Microsoft is going sideways . ''
Still , Wall Street analysts say that Pfizer 's research productivity has not matched its spending .
Bell , who had been chief executive since a shake-up in the Interpublic boardroom in February 2003 ; Mr. Roth had also assumed the chairman 's post from Mr. Bell in July .
The payouts of both units are effectively linked to Viacom 's stock performance .
Pfizer 's purchase of the privately held company , PowderMed , for an undisclosed price is the latest sign that big drug companies see new promise in vaccines , a business many of them once shunned as providing low profit margins and little growth .
In the United States , Apple , the leading maker of PC 's in the 1995 quarter , with a 13.2 percent share , fell to fourth place with 7.3 percent , behind Compaq , I.B.M .
The decision by the Justice Department lawyers could be a significant blow to Oracle , which has been locked in an eight-month battle to acquire PeopleSoft , a competitor in the market for enterprise application software .
''What more could we expect Procter to do .
Wal-Mart said the change would allow it to focus on theft by professional shoplifters and its own employees , who together steal the bulk of merchandise from the chain every year , rather than the teenager who occasionally takes a candy bar from the checkout counter .
United Automobile Workers reportedly will target Ford Motor Co in contract talks , while continuing talks with General Motors and Chrysler ; will try to settle industry 's toughest problems with Ford and then demand Chrysler and GM accept same terms almost immediately ; toughest issue is union bid for new curbs on purchase of parts from low-cost outside vendors ( M )
Mr. Amelio said Apple would from now on release software updates on a calendar basis , with major upgrades coming every six months , typically in January and July , and minor releases , known as bug fixes , coming every three months .
Xerox 's direct sales force , once its greatest strength , has , meanwhile , become its albatross .
right out of college in 1973 , is one of a cadre of top executives who proved flexible enough to thrive in both the old I.B.M. , with its legendary buttoned-down bureaucracy , and the higher velocity , hard-edged corporate culture that emerged under Mr. Gerstner during the 1990 's .
Advanced Micro 's mobile technology , has , however , lagged those of Intel and the Transmeta Corporation in power consumption and battery life .
Chambers of Cisco said .
He offered to divest $ 2.2 billion worth of annual sales from Honeywell 's avionics business and to make accounting and other management changes to its aviation financing business , GE Capital Aviation Services , or Gecas .
A Microsoft spokesman said Judge Jackson 's decision to step aside was an appropriate one .
After discovering the pattern that seemed to implicate Eprex , Johnson & Johnson reviewed the way it makes the drug at its factory in Manati , P.R .
KPMG , the accounting firm , was censured yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission , which said the firm helped executives at the Xerox Corporation manipulate and distort financial statements from 1997 through 2000 by issuing audits stating that Xerox 's reports were consistent with accounting rules when they were not .
''They are creating tests that a reasonably healthy adult ca n't pass , '' said Gordon Weakliem , a programmer and blogger from Denver , who says he failed to correctly discern the captcha code several times last week on the sign-up page for the Windows Live service of Microsoft .
In four months of settlement talks , Microsoft and the Justice Department prepared 19 proposals and counterproposals dealing with fine points of software in the technical parlance of ''source code '' and ''application program interfaces . ''
David Farber , a University of Pennsylvania computer scientist who was an early architect of the Internet and is a Netflix customer , says that he does not expect the Internet to catch up with the DVD Pony Express any time soon .
Nike , which has faced criticism over working conditions in its overseas factories , has often faulted the consortium for being unfriendly to apparel and footwear manufacturers .
However , any ties to MySpace could present a point of friction with Viacom , whose MTV competes with it online .
However , he said he was heartened by the fact that demand for Cisco products from United States companies continued to rise and that , of particular note , orders from telecommunications service providers were the highest in three years .
But it is unclear from Boeing and the engineers union just how long the strike will continue .
Dozens of investors have filed lawsuits against companies that had hot initial public offering -- from Ariba to PlanetRx.com -- and blue-chip securities firms like Merrill Lynch , Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley that brought them to public ; suits follow broad investigation by securities regulators and prosecutors into initial-public-offering machine of late 90 's , which had power to turn business idea from virtually nothing into publicly traded company with new millionaires at its helm ; central accusation is that underwriters extracted promises from investment firms to buy shares of new stocks at higher prices than offering in exchange for larger allocation of initial public offerings ; graphs ; photos ( M )
The charge reflects the issuance of 466,321 shares of Yahoo common stock to Visa , in return for which Visa said it would release its 45 percent ownership of Yahoo Marketplace L.L.C. , a venture previously founded by Yahoo and Visa International to be a central World Wide Web site for electronic commerce between Yahoo 's users and advertisers .
''I would have held onto the I.B.M .
The German pharmaceuticals company Bayer said the Food and Drug Administration had asked for more studies of the anti-impotence drug it is developing to compete with Viagra from Pfizer .
Jonathan Joseph , an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney , said that ''while revenues were higher than we anticipated , the key thing is the bread and butter business was flat , '' referring to the fact that Intel 's microprocessor sales did not increase from the second quarter .
Yesterday was the first time that Boston Scientific 's shares had fallen after a move that increased its chances of locking up the deal .
( A joke going around : How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a light bulb ?
David Willis , an analyst with Meta Group , said those markets were mature and did not offer Cisco much chance for growth unless the company took market share from competitors .
And it is nearly two feet wider than a typical car and 3.5 inches wider than even a Hummer , a General Motors vehicle based on an American military transport .
So , will the ads switch Kodak from comfy to cool ?
''This was a fast way to scale up a business that Oracle frankly could n't win on its own in the last five years , '' Mr. Smith said .
Eastman Kodak has licensed a separate projection technology , known as D-ILA , from the Japanese electronics company JVC and expects to market digital-feature-film grade projectors beginning in 2005 , according to Bill Doeren , general manager of the Digital Cinema Group at Kodak .
To account for Gemstar 's falling stock price , last spring the News Corporation recorded a $ 4.2 billion charge , turning what would have been a $ 236 million quarterly profit into a $ 4 billion loss .
In addition , I.B.M .
But a person who was briefed on the results of the negotiations said that Procter & Gamble , which makes Pampers diapers , Tide detergent and Pantene shampoo , had agreed to the payout and the audit .
After the ruling on Tuesday afternoon , Paul Maritz , a Microsoft group vice president , said that the company was weighing its options and that ''the option of not supporting Java is open to us . ''
Microsoft Programmers Hit the Books in a New Focus on Secure Software
For example , for every $ 10 in local-network access charges that A.T. & T. currently pays Nynex in New York state , it spends about $ 3 in New York City and the remaining $ 7 elsewhere in the state .
AOL officials said they thought they had solved several of the legal issues Microsoft had raised .
To extend the statute to material that resides on subscribers ' computers , like songs and movies that are traded using KaZaA and other popular peer-to-peer software , Verizon says , violates the constitutionally protected rights of free speech and due process of Internet subscribers .
Maurice R. Greenberg , the long-time chief executive of the American International Group , shrugged off a fourth-quarter loss yesterday brought on by a huge one-time increase in reserves and said his company was well on its way to big profits this year .
Craig E Weatherup , chairman and chief executive of Pepsi-Cola Co , offers blueprint for Pepsi 's slimmed-down , more focused future ; tells conference of National Soft Drink Assn that after shedding fast-food restaurants , focus will be on Pepsi and Frito-Lay ; vows substantial increases in company 's advertising and marketing budget and renewed competitiveness in fountain-syrup business in restaurants ; hints at introduction of new lemon-lime beverage to compete with Sprite and 7-Up ; claims that internationally Coca-Cola had made 'overt -- even covert ' attempts to drive Pepsi out , or buy Pepsi out ; Coca-Cola spokesman declines to comment on Weatherup 's speech ( M )
Still , according to Mr. Marcus , the Nintendo 64 football games represent less than 5 percent of sales and 3 percent of profits for Electronic Arts , compared with one-third of both for Acclaim for this quarter .
The Intel Corporation today will begin shipping its second-generation Itanium microprocessor , which represents the company 's effort to take its technology into the heart of corporate data centers .
She is living on savings , though she continues to sit on the board along with a great-uncle and three Northern Trust appointees , who will remain until a successor trustee is chosen .
Motorola shares had risen $ 1.50 , to $ 13 in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange before the earnings were released in anticipation that the company would at least meet Wall Street 's expectations of a loss no worse than 8 cents a share .
Market Place column on downward trend of stocks of media companies following terrorist attacks on US ; says they are more exposed than other companies to new economic uncertainties , especially with regard to tourism and US advertising markets ; performances of Walt Disney Co , Vivendi Universal , Viacom , News Corp and AOL Time Warner examined ( M )
In a pitched battle with America Online , which pioneered instant messaging , Microsoft has sought to deliver messages from its own subscribers to users of America Online 's software without the company 's permission .
At the end of 1996 , Mr. Zuendt owned $ 13 million in Wells Fargo stock and held options worth another $ 25 million , according to the bank 's proxy statement .
Both Yahoo officials and outsiders have said recently that the technology , referred to internally as Project Panama , has improved Yahoo 's ability to place relevant ads in front of users , and therefore generate more revenue from search advertising .
AT & T 's bankers , though , may have to wait a bit longer than they expected to collect the millions they will surely garner for assisting AT & T 's creation of new shares to track its consumer-services operation .
That is because the deal is contingent on Microsoft 's agreeing to give up some creative control , the two people said .
His deal with Time Warner is only the most recent .
Analysts said the strategic relationship was the first of a series of deals by Microsoft as it tried to start its Internet initiative , .Net .
He is credited with fending off Wal-Mart when it expanded into Canada .
Positive Support Review , a Web design and consulting company in Los Angeles , has found that , by one measure anyway , Microsoft Internet Explorer has a greater share of the browser market and that Netscape 's Navigator browser is now the one playing catch up .
Although there were reports in 2000 that Mr. Malone might get a seat on the board after he swapped his stake in Gemstar for News Corporation stock , a person close to Mr. Malone said that he did not push for one .
According to the documents , credit analysts on the lending side of three banks -- J. P. Morgan , Deutsche Bank and Bank of America -- saw increased risks at WorldCom and privately downgraded the company .
One large institutional shareholder of Morgan Stanley , who declined to be identified because of the institution 's policy , said yesterday that the departures had increased the likelihood that this person would lobby the board for the ouster of Mr. Purcell .
Texas Instruments and other chip makers envision consumers receiving television signals , not over the existing cellular network , but from a separate network , like a satellite television network .
In one case , Mr. Coughlin -- at the time , he was chief of Wal-Mart Stores in the United States -- was accused by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union of personally trying to improperly influence a union vote at a Wal-Mart auto center in Arizona by showing up at the store and speaking with employees about their working conditions .
Last week , the Microsoft Corporations 's founder and chief executive , William H. Gates , went to Congress to testify about his company 's business practices .
Richard Jaffe , a retail analyst at UBS Warburg in New York , said Gap 's decision to promote designers was ''a way of saying to shoppers , 'Look , we 're bringing in all these cutting-edge , fashion-right people to make our brand those same things . '
Zhang Yin has become one of world 's richest women from Nine Dragons Paper recycling business , which collects waste paper from United States and ships it to China ; Los Angeles-based venture America Chung Nam is top American exporter to China ; Zhang hopes to challenge global paper giants International Paper , Weyerhauser and Smurfit Stone ; photo ( M )
Boeing 's stock , which had climbed yesterday morning as investors digested the news of Mr. Stonecipher 's appointment , fell after word of the Pentagon 's action .
Morgan Stanley was the most prominent of five firms cited in the complaint to have engaged in a practice of paying competitors to write research reports about investment banking clients of the firm .
Elias Harik , the information technology manager for Houghton Mifflin 's College Division in Boston , said his division had used I.B.M .
One executive with extensive experience in humorous airline advertising praised the Alaska Airlines campaign -- up to a point .
EMI 's offer was potentially worth more than $ 2.8 billion -- slightly more than the bid from the Bronfman camp -- but was partly in the form of stock and required Time Warner to sell its music publishing business separately .
With ad revenue down , Yahoo tries to win agencies ' favor .
Economic Scene column on Exxon Corp 's acquisition of Mobil Oil Corp says merger will not be as fearsome for consumers as critics contend ; holds real control of oil market rests with OPEC ( M )
Mr. Galvin , 53 , was unavailable for comment but John Pepper Jr. , the Motorola director leading the committee searching for a successor , said via e-mail yesterday that the disagreements were related to ''this stage of the turnaround '' not past actions .
Last year 's tire recall and publicity over fatal rollovers ''had no impact whatsoever on the scope of this launch , on the message of this launch , '' insisted Doug Scott , Ford 's S.U.V .
( And mainframe computers , not PC 's , are the villain in the decline in profit that I.B.M .
Richard L. Huber , the president of Aetna , said as much when he announced the deal last week for Prudential Health Care .
Do you recall any discussion about a desire of anybody on the part of Microsoft who was participating to be able to persuade or influence Netscape not to compete ?
3 Interpublic Agencies Are Michelin Finalists
( Definitely/Somewhat/Not Interested ) ; Are you an AT & T long-distance customer ?
Trying to conserve cash , AOL Time Warner and the Walt Disney Corporation have revived long-running talks about combining their CNN and ABC News operations into a joint venture in an effort to cut costs , people involved in the talks said yesterday .
Citigroup , the country 's biggest financial services firm , reported record quarterly profits of $ 5.27 billion yesterday , but investors drove down the company 's shares on lingering fears that an interest rate increase might sideswipe the bank and its competitors in coming months .
Although the campaign is likely to be greeted warmly by many white- collar office workers who have long grumbled about the paper clip , it has worried at least one Microsoft researcher who is most closely credited with being the father of the technology underlying the paper clip .
Verizon , which operates in 30 states , said the price would vary by state but would typically range from $ 20 to $ 24 per telephone line a month , with the cost rising each subsequent year .
Both the Intel Corporation and Apple Computer Inc. are planning to serve their computer technologies to a broader consumer market through technology-themed restaurants and coffee shops .
The four defendants -- Robert Breed , Jennifer D'Antoni , Mark Nogid and Vincent Napolitano -- are charged with trading on inside information provided by Marisa Baridis , who obtained confidential market-sensitive information about companies through her work as a compliance officer first at Smith Barney Inc. , now part of Travelers Group , and then at Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Company , now Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
In the context of his finding that Microsoft had a monopoly in operating systems , that could justify a ruling against the company even without the judge 's finding that Microsoft 's incorporation of its Internet browser into its operating system was not made to benefit consumers .
A Microsoft spokesman , Vivek Varma , said in a statement that talks with AOL Time Warner failed last year ''because AOL was more interested in fabricating grounds for litigation than in reaching a good-faith agreement with Microsoft . ''
Lockheed Martin Corp says Government 'fundamentally ' opposes its planned purchase of Northrop Grumman Corp , suggesting Federal regulators believe consolidation among military suppliers has gone too far to maintain competition ; Defense and Justice Departments say they have serious concerns about merger ; Pentagon has recently encouraged such mergers to help cut costs amid falling military spending ; belated news of Government 's concerns surprises industry and Wall Street ; Northrop 's shares plunge ; many analysts think deal will still go through , but that Lockheed will have to sell some operations of combined companies and take other steps to enhance competition ( M )
Alaska Airlines is using Internet in attempt to revolutionize checking in at airports , process that is often arduous ; carrier is testing new on-line check-in system , first developed by a US airline ; it expects to offer system in early October to travelers who have bought electronic tickets on its Web site and are flying on its domestic routes ; Swissotel Washington , in Watergate complex , has undergone $ 13 million renovation ; hotel is owned Blackstone Real Estate Advisors , part of Blackstone Group ; Reliance Building in Chicago has been converted into 122-room hotel named the Burnham , after Daniel Burnham , building 's original architect ; hotel is owned by Canal Street Hotel LLC and is managed by Kimpton Hotel and Restaurant Group ; Hilton Hotels has opened new 600-room , $ 100 million hotel at Logan International Airport in Boston ; Returnme.com , new on-line service , helps travelers find items lost in transit ; American Express predicts respite next year from recent major increases in business travel costs ; projects these expenses will rise only 2 to 3 percent over all ( Business Travel column ) ( M )
Instead of allowing companies to upgrade existing software , Microsoft is asking customers to sign up for a three-year subscription , in which they would pay an initial sum and then purchase new software as it is released .
Morgan Stanley 's Earnings Climbed 55 % in 3d Quarter
Comcast executives have indicated that they were led to believe , through intermediaries , that some Disney board members would welcome a bid .
The first such device was introduced late last year by Clarion , a car-stereo manufacturer , but the concept is getting a leg up from Intel , which has developed a microprocessor that is specifically designed for the rigors of use in a car computer .
BBDO New York created two of the three commercials , for Campbell 's condensed and Campbell 's Select ready-to-eat soups , which began appearing last week .
But the three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia also had tough questions for Verizon , which is challenging the record industry 's interpretation of a 1998 law that allows copyright holders to force Internet service providers to identify customers suspected of copyright infringement .
Microsoft has recently noted some problems users are having with Service Pack 2 and about 50 programs .
Investors are also worried that Boston Scientific may end up owing Johnson & Johnson $ 1 billion or more for patent violations .
In September 1999 , Goodyear merged its European operations with Sumitomo Tire and Rubber 's Dunlop plants , and retained 75 percent of the newly formed joint venture .
''We would unquestionably prefer to work cooperatively with you to complete a negotiated transaction , '' George Paz , the chairman and chief executive of Express Scripts , said in a letter yesterday to Caremark 's chief executive , Edwin M. Crawford .
''This is transformational , '' Carlos M. Gutierrez , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview .
He noted that Yahoo 's total page views increased by only 2 percent in the quarter , below his estimate of Google 's growth .
That is one reason the idea of breaking up the company was never put on the table ; Microsoft officials had made it clear they would not accept that .
Moody 's said it ''considers the Japanese banking system to be in a grossly inadequate financial shape to meet the new challenges from a changing systemic support mechanism . ''
Such comments by Verizon executives worry competitors that lease access to Verizon 's network to provide local telephone service or fast Internet access .
In a recent study of Wal-Mart 's experience in Texas , Dr. Stone found that three years after a supercenter opened , local grocery stores had lost an average of 17 percent of sales .
Among other encouraging measures of success , executives cited the most recent report on monthly sales at McDonald 's restaurants open for more than a year , which rose 10.5 percent in April , for the 12th consecutive month of growth .
Besides the proceeds from the stock sale , Citigroup will receive a special $ 1 billion dividend from Travelers .
Did KPMG Stand Up , or Cave In , to Xerox ?
The colt finished ninth in the 2000 Derby but capped a seven-race , five-victory career the following fall by winning the Grade I , $ 1 million Breeders Cup Mile at Churchill Downs .
Xerox shares lost 80 percent of their value after the fraud was disclosed in 2000 .
Although public statements from General Mills have been supportive , some executives of the company have reportedly been upset about the considerable coverage generated by the Saatchi 17 and the lawsuit .
In a terse statement , AT & T did not give any reason for the decision to pull back its offer to buy a third of the controlling company , Olimpia .
''Weighed against breaking their business model for all markets , it does n't make sense for Apple to continue operating with the iPod and iTunes in France . ''
The move to bring in an outsider began last year after Comcast 's co-chief financial officers , Lawrence Smith and John Alchin , privately told company executives that they wanted to retire .
I.B.M .
RealNetworks claims to have 700,000 subscribers for pay services , but it is perceived as being increasingly vulnerable , according to some analysts , because Microsoft has included its Media Player as part of the Windows operating system , which dominates the PC market .
Intel is designing a new chip to be used in machines that are bigger and more powerful than personal computers .
Boeing planes helped the Allies win World War II and , in peacetime , helped define jet passenger travel .
In exchange , VeriSign is required to give $ 5 million and control of its .org names database to a nonprofit agency by 2002 , with the intention of returning .org to use for nonprofit organizations only .
Each month , Sony and Procter will decide on two featured artists : one already popular and one Sony is hoping will soon become so .
Yahoo said its forecasts for the remainder of the year remained unchanged .
Nor will he be , promised Joseph A. Miller , Corning 's chief technology officer .
The expansion , being fueled by Mexico 's top five automakers -- General Motors , Ford Motor , DaimlerChrysler , Nissan and Volkswagen -- stands in contrast to the plans by G.M .
Now , Citigroup is thinking about closing the umbrella .
Coca-Cola has a 71 percent market share in Mexico , according to Mr. Sicher .
Dr William St John LaCorte contends Merck defrauded federal Medicare and Medicaid programs as it marketed its heartburn drug Pepcid to hospitals and nursing homes in 1990 's ; says in whistle-blower suit that when he prescribed Zantac to his patients in hospitals and nursing homes , he later found that they were given Pepcid without his permission ; contends his patients suffered because Pepcid can be more toxic than Zantac if lower does is not used ; also contends Merck gave hospitals substantial discounts on Pepcid to prompt them to switch patients to that drug ; Merck spokesman Christopher Loder says suit lacks merit ( M )
But Mr. Sullivan said that so far Microsoft 's results did not have the quality of Google and Yahoo and were more open to manipulation by site owners .
Correction : January 9 , 2007 , Tuesday Because of an editing error , an article in Business Day yesterday about announcements by Sony and Microsoft regarding sales of their latest game consoles carried an incorrect dateline .
The roller-coaster ride that Draft FCB took with Wal-Mart was one of the most closely watched in Madison Avenue history .
As for Mr. Stahl , he is a Boston-born financial expert who went from the Wharton School Of Business to Arthur Andersen & Company , and began his Coca-Cola career in 1979 .
Citing high oil prices , Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , announced its smallest quarterly profit growth in four years yesterday and warned that its third-quarter earnings would fall short of analyst estimates , disappointing Wall Street .
Yet , what is happening now appears to be more complicated than Wal-Mart hitting a wall .
The unit is News Corporation 's largest profit contributor and includes Fox Broadcasting , its local television stations and Star , its programming service that is distributed abroad .
When gossipy news about celebrities breaks , The New York Post and The Daily News tend to go at it and each other -- in much the way rivals like the Yankees and Red Sox turn each game into an epic battle .
Motorola is one of the founding members , along with the Scandinavian mobile phone giants Nokia and Ericsson , of the Wireless Application Protocol , or WAP , Forum , which is trying to create a global standard for Internet and advanced telephony services on digital mobile phones .
Mills , senior vice president in charge of I.B.M .
''The difference between 'Chuck ' and 'Charles Schwab ' says a lot , '' he added .
Southwestern Bell 's properties include cellular systems in Boston and Washington , which would mesh well with properties that AT & T will soon control in New York .
''But it will still be Pfizer that owns Warner-Lambert . ''
''Intel feels it is competing fairly and believes customers are benefiting from vigorous competition , '' Tom Beermann , an Intel spokesman , said in a statement .
Documents released in case of Warner-Lambert whistle-blower Dr David P Franklin shed light on how extensively doctors were involved in promoting unapproved uses of company 's drug Neurontin ; Warner-Lambert paid dozens of doctors tens of thousands of dollars each to speak to other physicians about how Neurontin , epilepsy drug , could be prescribed for more than dozen other medical uses that had not been approved by Food and Drug Administration ; Dr B J Wilder , top speaker for Neurontin , received more than $ 300,000 for speeches given from 1994 to 1997 ; six other doctors , including some from top medical schools , received more than $ 100,000 each ; Franklin contends company 's marketing tactics were illegal ; says federal and state governments paid hundreds of millions of dollars for Neurontin as doctors prescribed drug to Medicaid patients for various conditions ; Pfizer acquired Warner-Lambert in 2000 ( M )
Ted Faraone , a television consultant , cautioned that WWOR 's broadcast license would virtually require the station to keep its newsroom in New Jersey , and that the stations ' audiences were quite different .
Mr. Malone 's tactics with Time Warner are reminiscent of the approach he took toward the News Corporation , another large media company that Liberty invested in .
For example , in addition to Internet Explorer -- which competes head-on with the Netscape Corporation 's Navigator Web-browser software -- Microsoft has embedded its Web TV software in Windows 98 .
The slowdown , coupled with decreased efficiency as the company learns to make equipment for these new technologies , contributed to a decline in Applied Materials ' gross margins , which fell to 40 percent , from 45 percent in the second quarter and 51 percent in the third quarter last year .
Amgen Reports Its Takeover Of Immunex
Prince signaled that Citigroup considered the fund business still a work in progress .
He then wondered aloud why the government plan gave Microsoft the responsibility to determine how the company should be divided .
As for Oracle 's fourth fiscal quarter , the company said it earned 15 cents a share , or $ 854.9 million .
And one executive said that Time Warner , one of Court TV 's owners , would not guarantee that Discovery , a competitor , could keep the eight million or so homes that get Court TV on Time Warner cable systems .
And industry executives cite the inability of cellphone users who subscribe to AT & T Wireless and other services to call these numbers .
Two years after challenging the nation 's governors and corporate leaders to propose fresh solutions to education 's most vexing problems , Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , the chief executive of I.B.M. , is seeking to illustrate what he meant .
If Oracle pursues its bid , Mr. Conway said , ''I think it would confirm what we 've said all along that their intent all along has been to harm PeopleSoft . ''
Mr. Bernardin joined Lowe New York just a year ago , when Interpublic merged his previous agency , Bozell in New York , where he had been president and chief executive , into Lowe New York .
Ford Motor would then decide what to do with the shares and with any profit from selling them .
''Everyone , even Kodak itself , is overreacting to the decline in film , '' he said .
On Monday , Mr. Kagermann 's software company , SAP , disclosed that it , too , had flirted with the idea of being acquired by an American corporate titan , Microsoft .
In interviews , several current and former Wal-Mart employees said the new shoplifting policy undermines their work and would , over time , encourage more shoplifting at the chain .
Best Buy indicated that its short-term goals were to speed products through its supply chain and reduce instances of products that customers want being out of stock .
''We are patient , '' John Alchin , a Comcast executive vice president and co-chief financial officer , said in a telephone interview on Friday .
That 7 percent figure may seem like a relatively small chance of error , but scientists say it is high enough to mean that Merck has not proved its theory .
By 2001 , he had advised the company 's senior management that Wal-Mart was behind both the Fortune 500 companies and general merchandisers in the development of women into corporate officers , other documents state .
Dr. Crawford said that he thought Pfizer was combining the drugs mainly to protect Lipitor from competition .
But an internal Royal Caribbean report provided to The New York Times by the Bradleys said that Mr. Bradley did not notify Mr. Costello of the disappearance until 7:35 A.M. , by which time the ship had docked and passengers were going off for a day of shore excursions .
Users of Apple Computer 's itunes music service will be able to play songs on some Motorola cellphones beginning next year ; agreement is first for cellular phone industry ( S )
Although Citigroup has not met earnings targets promised when the merger was announced , it has already demonstrated that it has the ability to pump out billions of dollars in profits each quarter .
The Washington Post Company said yesterday that it had purchased Slate , an online magazine owned by Microsoft .
One set of advisers is pushing for more radical ''structural '' remedies -- breaking up Microsoft or forcing it to license the software code for its industry-standard Windows operating system .
A Wal-Mart spokesman , Kevin Thornton , said the company was considering appealing the decision .
Analysts said the medium would be growing even faster except that the major providers -- AOL , Microsoft and Yahoo -- do not allow their software to work with the others .
Advertising Age 's annual Agency Report shows revenue for agencies increased 21.7 percent , to $ 31.2 billion in 1999 , from $ 25.6 billion in 1998 ; says billings rose 19 percent , to $ 235.5 billion , from $ 198 billion ; Omnicom Group renamed world 's largest agency in revenue ; Interpublic Group of Companies was number 1 in billings ( Advertising column ) ( S )
Netflix , however , does rely on sophisticated software that allows it to process and ship DVD 's as soon as they are returned .
Fox Interactive generated more than $ 500 million in ad revenue last year , according to the News Corporation , and MySpace has many more pages that could be lined with ads using Strategic Data 's data tools .
But academic researchers interviewing Wal-Mart employees find frequent complaints about stress and overwork and little respect for personal needs .
Airbus , which is based in Toulouse , France , has been gnawing at Boeing 's market share in recent years , and has begun building the Airbus A380 , a 555-seat behemoth meant to eclipse Boeing 's 747 jumbo jet .
Union Pacific became the nation 's largest railroad last year upon its merger with the Southern Pacific Railroad .
Look at Comcast , which completed its merger with AT & T Broadband in November .
Wang Xiaoning , who according to the suit is serving a 10-year prison sentence in China ; his wife , Yu Ling ; and other unnamed defendants seek damages and an injunction barring Yahoo from identifying dissidents to Chinese authorities .
Microsoft will also announce that Namco , an influential game development company based in Japan , has agreed to create four games for the Xbox , including two titles that are exclusive to Microsoft 's console .
Boston Scientific says ruling by Dutch appeals court will block production , use and sale in Netherlands of drug-coated stents made by Johnson & Johnson 's Cordis subsidiary ; Dutch court reinstates shutdown order that has been issued in June by Dutch trial judge in patent dispute ( M )
The Sony Corporation announced a sweeping corporate overhaul today aimed at decisively changing the company 's identity from a manufacturer of consumer electronics to a provider of digital network services similar to Cisco Systems or Lucent Technologies .
The news prompted worry in Camden , where Campbell has 1,500 employees and is the fourth-largest employer , after two health care businesses and the communications systems unit of Lockheed Martin .
Time Warner had cut off the ABC stations as of 12:01 a.m. Monday .
Of the two , Chevron is thought to have a more streamlined , quick-paced operating style , giving its managers wider latitude to make decisions on their own .
Several analysts said Boeing 's current problems originated from a boom cycle in the early 1990 's , when the aircraft maker pressured suppliers to increase production only to abruptly cut back when the airline industry slumped .
AS a deadline nears for renegotiating loan agreements with banks , the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York seems to be making some progress in addressing its financial problems .
And why , they ask , should anyone outside the software business really care about the Government 's escalating battle with Microsoft ?
Carol Schuster is named senior partner and executive group director of newly won account of DuPont at Ogilvy & Mather ; Ron Arnold and Mark Cacciatore are named to new posts of executive vice presidents and worldwide executive group directors at Saatchi & Saatchi on General Mills account ( S )
''This was the first big low-cost airline that had been a Boeing customer that switched , '' said Paul H. Nisbet , an aerospace analyst at JSA Research .
United Healthcare 's shares took another beating yesterday , ending trading at $ 33.375 , a new 52-week closing low .
On an operating basis , Boeing is expected to earn 32 cents a share for the quarter and 69 cents a share for the year , according to the average estimate of analysts surveyed by I.B.E.S .
At the same time , Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market .
''It 's unfortunate that workers there feel the need to strike , '' said a spokesman for General Motors , Tony Cervone .
Mr. Otellini , who will become Intel 's chief executive in May , testified Thursday at a hearing of the President 's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax Reform that over the 10-year life of a modern chip factory , the company would save $ 1 billion by placing the factory in Asia or Europe rather than in the United States .
The new 740 and 750 chips , which operate at low voltages , were priced by Motorola from $ 359 to $ 568 and by I.B.M .
A spokesman for Pfizer in New York , Paul Ewing , said McCann was selected in the review because the agency ''brought unique insights to the table , '' centered on ''the obstacles that prevent men with erectile dysfunction from seeing their doctors and if appropriate trying Viagra '' as well as ''what motivates them to take action . ''
Microsoft , in fact , is Apple 's biggest outside software developer .
Mr. Jones , chairman of Humana , and Dr. William W. McGuire , chairman of United , said the combined company would promote United 's ''open access '' health plans , which permit members to consult any specialist from a list approved by United , without approval in advance by their primary doctor .
Last month , I.B.M .
Many economists say America 's apparent economic recovery is about to spread to Southeast Asia , but skepticism abounds in region ; Southeast Asia 's economies are being fueled by heavy government spending , low interest rates and buoyant consumer spending ; economists say recovery in exports to US will round out picture , providing gentler rebound than V-shaped recovery Southeast Asia experienced in 1999 after its financial crisis ; biggest investment banks are not optimistic : Credit Suisse First Boston , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch have all pared back their Southeast Asian operations ; graphs ( M )
The Justice Department in December hired David Boies , a leading antitrust litigator , to work on the Microsoft case .
In that ruling , the commission also ordered Microsoft to disclose more Windows code to allow rival software makers to develop programs that work as well with Windows as Microsoft 's own programs .
Boeing , the world 's largest maker of airplanes , also cut its 2004 sales and earnings estimates , citing a two-year decline in airlines ' demand .
Government lawyer David Boies and Microsoft Corp 's next-to-last witness , vice president Joachim Kempin , spar for hours when Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson asks few questions of his own that cuts to core of company 's defense ; Kempin recites same argument each of company 's witnesses has offered -- that Microsoft chose to combine company 's Web browser with industry-standard Windows operating system because combination benefited consumers ; photo ( M )
David A. Viniar , the chief financial officer at Goldman Sachs , said that if the markets remained weak , more layoffs would be in store .
AT & T names Betsy J Bernard chief executive of its troubled consumer-services operations ( M )
Heavy options activity for Dow Jones stock prior to Rupert Mudoch 's $ 5 billion bid for company stirs suspicions ; on April 25 , less than one week before $ 60-a-share offer was publicly disclosed , investor bought option to buy 280,000 shares of Dow Jones for $ 40 in September ; investment was extraordinary for several reasons ; shares of Dow Jones were trading at about $ 36 at time and had not crossed $ 40 in year ; future for newspaper companies was widely considered to be grim ; after Murdoch 's offer was announced , buyer of options had profit , on paper , of $ 4.6 million as of May 2 ; investor was either lucky , highly perceptive or -- as many on Wall Street suspect -- acting on insider information ; graphs ( M )
Computer vendors like Compaq , Dell , Hewlett-Packard , I.B.M. , Fujitsu-Siemens and NEC will begin selling servers that use the new Xeon chips , which run at so-called clock speeds of 1.8 to 2.2 gigahertz , as early as this week , Intel said .
Ruth La Ferla column on Gap 's decision to have Pina Ferlisi design new sportwear collection ; says Gap , which used to keep designers ' identities closely guarded , is now promoting roster of new designers , each with impressive pedigree ; photos ( M )
General Motors introduces Cadillac Escalade EXT , first pickup truck branded with Cadillac name ; sales of light trucks -- including sport utility vehicles , minivans and pickup trucks -- will exceed sales of passenger cars in 2001 for first time ever ; photo ; graph ( M )
Microsoft was the only company that forced the tie .
Disney proponents , led by the company 's pugnacious Washington lobbyist , Preston Padden , who urged confrontation with Time Warner , have used the ABC blackout as evidence of why the merger would be dangerous .
''What you saw today from Home Depot is a company that is focused on fixing its internal act , meaning reducing expenses and bringing inventory down , '' said Gary Balter , an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston .
A.T. & T. Increases Gay and Lesbian Ads
Amazon.com has recently made efforts to cut back on its marketing expenses such as its deal with Yahoo .
Rick Kaplan describes his new position as executive producer of CBS Evening News as 'coming home ' ; Kaplan worked on broadcast in 1970s when Walter Cronkite was anchor ; Kaplan is among most experienced , and most traveled , producers in TV news , having worked for ABC News , CNN and MSNBC as well as CBS over 35-year career ; he has won more than 30 Emmy Awards and has worked with some of biggest names in business , including Peter Jennings , Ted Koppel and Diane Sawyer ( M )
At Citigroup , a Shifting in Strategy at a Core Unit
In 2001 , after spending 35 years with Coke , Mr. Isdell resigned as chief executive of Coca-Cola Beverages .
Including a $ 156 million gain from the sale of the entertainment city-guide portion of its MSN Sidewalk on-line service , Microsoft 's net income rose more than 30 percent , to $ 2.19 billion , up from $ 1.68 billion a year earlier .
today are not the only necessary means for people to compete with us , '' said Eric Rabe , a Verizon spokesman .
WHIRLPOOL BUYS REST OF MEXICAN APPLIANCE MAKER
An Oct. 16 fax from the agency to the House Committee on Government Reform , where Mr. Waxman is the ranking Democrat , indicates that the Iraqis are bringing in gasoline at a much lower price than is Halliburton .
Boston Scientific was one of several major medical-device companies that Reva negotiated with in its efforts to secure financing for further development , said Robert B. Stockman , who is chairman of Reva and president and chief executive of Group Outcome , an investment partnership that is a major shareholder .
''People have been worrying about it for a while , '' said Dr. Loren Laine , a professor of medicine at the University of Southern California who worked on the Merck aspirin study .
''FireWire is gaining serious momentum in the last year across our industry and in consumer electronics , '' said Jon Rubinstein , senior vice president for hardware engineering of Apple .
Bloomberg Television is announcing a distribution deal today with Time Warner Cable that could eventually more than double the number of households its cable television channel reaches in the United States .
With competitors like Microsoft aiming straight for the Notes market , Lotus 's opportunities to gain an insurmountable lead grow smaller and the vast resources of AT & T could speed up the process , one analyst said .
Federal Surface Transportation Board will hold hearings on plans by Norfolk Southern and CSX to take over Conrail , only major freight carrier serving Northeast ; while approval is expected , the board , striving to make amends for Union Pacific debacle two years ago when Union Pacific acquired Southern Pacific , has already attached tougher conditions and oversight to Conrail 's acquisition ( M )
In Brooklyn a Whole Foods being built at Third Avenue and Third Street in Park Slope is to open in late 2006 , she said .
Comparing the two titles , Ken Lombard , the president of Starbucks Entertainment , said ''A Long Way Gone '' was ''opposite in terms of the type of book , but consistent with our overall strategy of quality books . ''
Together , Texaco and Chevron would control about 30 percent to 40 percent of the gasoline market in California , and most analysts expect the F.T.C .
Airlines began buying the new coverage yesterday when it went on sale in London , said Maurice Greenberg , the chief executive of the American International Group and the leader of the effort to provide the coverage .
Sales in Wal-Mart stores open at least a year , known as same-store sales , rose 1.5 percent in the quarter , which includes the all-important holiday shopping season .
Confusion Seen in a Departure at Citigroup
Apple expects the iBook to be popular with students , and the Airport wireless network can handle as many as 10 iBooks simultaneously through a single connection , making it ideal for classrooms .
''General Motors has another view of that . ''
When Pfizer owned them , the brands were handled by offices of Bates Worldwide , part of the Cordiant Communications Group , which was recently acquired by the WPP Group .
Coca-Cola has been in the business of making huge support payments to its bottlers .
In addition to trying to allow local executives more of a say in running the business , Mr. Daft has overseen significant layoffs and has tried to push the company into new ventures , including its marketing venture with Procter & Gamble .
as its only client , to another agency that has worked for General Motors for many decades , McCann-Erickson Detroit , also based in Troy .
While avoiding criminal charges , Boeing will agree to ''accept responsibility , '' the Justice officials said , for the actions of its employees .
Mixed fortunes of General Motors Corp 's Hughes Electronics unit , nation 's largest satellite company , illustrate big promise and big problems of space business ; manufacturing glitches and rocket failures have made it more difficult and costly to get satellites launched ; tighter export controls in wake of controversy over technology leaks to China are slowing projects ; graphs comparing commercial and Government operations ; photos ( M )
The changes will also involve a revamping of Coca-Cola 's relationship with its myriad agencies around the world as the task of providing strategy for sales pitches is centralized and the duties for creating ads for the flagship brand are assigned to a shorter list of shops .
and Lego , the world 's fourth-largest toy company , are expected to announce today that Lego will replace virtually all of its Hewlett-Packard computer systems by the end of the year with a broad suite of hardware , software and services from I.B.M .
Adweek reported this week that the Bank of America account might be shifted to two other Interpublic agencies in New York , Deutsch and Gotham .
Some cameras , like the Kodak , just say : ''Hey , it 's dark in here , '' and deliver a dark photo .
Some of Kodak 's problems this year are not new , including the strong dollar , which effectively raises the company 's prices overseas .
''The Coca-Cola Company 's highest priority is the quality of our products , '' he said .
Cisco Systems reports earnings in its fiscal second quarter ended Jan 24 that slightly exceed analysts ' expectations and provide further evidence that slow but steady recovery in technology industries is under way ; sales rose 15 percent , to $ 5.4 billion from $ 4.7 billion year earlier ; net income fell to $ 724 million from $ 991 million ; net income was $ 1.3 billion in quarter excluding accounting change related to its acquisition of Andiamo Systems ; chief executive John Chambers comments ; photo ( M )
I.B.M .
For Intel and Dahlin Smith are pushing the envelope for marketing high-technology products even further by using , in two of the four MMX commercials , a celebrity : the actor Jason Alexander , who plays the whiny nebbish George on the hit NBC sitcom ''Seinfeld . ''
It plans to extend the offer to large national customers with a total of more than eight million employees for 2003 , said Ronald A. Williams , executive vice president of Aetna .
Flowers had established himself as a pre-eminent banker ; on his résumé are the $ 61.6 billion merger of Nationsbank and Bank America ( now Bank of America , one of his partners in the Sallie Mae deal ) and the $ 34.4 billion takeover of Wells Fargo by Norwest .
Yet recently , Cisco has increased its bet on the Net even further .
Softbank America remains Yahoo 's largest investor with 14.3 percent , but Softbank no longer has to consolidate Yahoo on its balance sheet .
No , say Southwest Airlines and the federal law enforcement authorities who investigated the homicide and decided it did n't warrant criminal prosecution .
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine sues Tyson Foods ; claims that Tyson misled consumers with advertising describing its chicken as all natural and heart healthy ; company denies suit 's merit ( S )
Citigroup names Sallie L Krawcheck chief financial officer , succeeding Todd S Thomson , who will run research and brokerage division ; chief executive Charles O Prince says both are contenders for chief executive and chief operating officer ; move , which makes Krawcheck chief liaison with investors , hints at broaker concern about bank 's slumping stock price ; her skill at cultivating ties with institutional investors noted ; she will be highest-ranking female executive on Wall Street ; photos ( M )
The government , AOL 's competitors and some consumer groups have worried that without such restrictions , the combination of the America Online service , with 24 million members , and Time Warner 's cable systems , available in 20 percent of the country 's homes , could dominate the evolution of the Internet .
CHEVROLET -- Commercials that featured two actors who played annoying marketing executives for the Chevrolet division of General Motors were , well , annoying .
A. Douglas Melamed , a partner at Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , who was a senior official in the Clinton Justice Department working on the Microsoft case , said , ''The court has sent a clear message that there is no special standard for software product design -- that design decisions by a monopolist can be anticompetitive . ''
Wal-Mart also argues that the Berkeley study was done by researchers who are advised and sometimes financed by organized labor .
Without that charge , the executives said , Chubb would have shown a profit for the quarter .
Citigroup benefited from acquisitions it made last year in its credit card business , where profits rose 23 percent , to $ 1.14 billion .
The prominent role taken by Mr. Heyer , who is considered an advertising and marketing whiz even by those who dislike him , has fueled speculation that he could become a key figure in the new AOL Time Warner if the merger proceeds .
But like most other American media companies , Time Warner has not been able to make deep inroads in the country because of hazards ranging from piracy to onerous regulations and political pressure .
The final new drama that CBS has ordered is much more a star vehicle , with Jimmy Smits returning to television to play a Cuban-American family man who fights to keep his family 's sugar-cane business .
Venezuela 's consumer protection agency asks nation 's prosecutor to bring criminal charges against Ford Motor Co and Bridgestone/Firestone , accusing both companies of conspiring to hide tire defects that caused dozens of deaths ; tires involved in Venezuela are similar to those being recalled in US in that they are suspected of tearing apart at highway speeds and causing Ford Explorers to roll over ; Ford 's president , Jacques A Nasser , defends company 's actions in Venezuela and denies any attempt to mislead authorities ; US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration increases by 26 the number of deaths in US that have been linked to recalled Firestone tires ; that brings to 88 the number of deaths being investigated by agency , along with 250 injuries in 1,400 complaints it has received concerning tire separations on popular Ford sport utility vehicles ; photo ( M )
Computer makers , software designers and telecommunications companies are scrambling to incorporate wireless capabilities into their business strategies ; roundup of plans and offerings from Apple , Intel , Cisco , and Good Technology ( special section , Wireless Living ) ( M )
In the motion , Microsoft argued that since the company achieved its monopoly position by legal means , the government had no right ''to dismember Microsoft . ''
An article in Business Day yesterday about a decision by Microsoft not to intervene on behalf of a Russian school principal charged with software piracy misstated the name of a trade organization that has monitored the use of illicit software .
Plainview Water District on Long Island plans to file lawsuit against Exxon Mobil Corp for spill of MTBE , gasoline ingredient that is a possible cause of cancer ; chemical has turned up in groundwater , although not in any of district 's wells , forcing district to undertake cleanup that could cost ratepayers up to $ 4 million ; company has already agreed to clean up spill ( M )
Over the last week , both Mr. Gates and Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , have said in interviews that the company ''has done absolutely nothing wrong , '' as Mr. Gates put it , and has no intention of changing its business practices .
''Comcast may not have figured that its investors would get so concerned so fast that Comcast might end up overpaying , '' one longtime media expert said .
Microsoft 's multibillionaire founder had been a Congressional page , but he had never testified on Capitol Hill .
Verizon had been expected to bid , but a rash of problems in the industry , like the recent accounting scandal at WorldCom , led to a shift in strategy .
Halliburton , the nation 's largest oil services company , is among the wary watchers .
Some companies may create a version of a program that runs on both PowerPC and Intel chips , while others may sell the versions separately .
Nonetheless , with such a public challenge by the executives , Mr. Purcell 's timetable to improve the returns of Morgan Stanley 's lagging units has shortened , say institutional shareholders .
On cross-examination , Mr. Sanders acknowledged that after agreeing to Mr. Gates 's request in a Feb. 8 telephone call , he sought Microsoft 's public support for A.M.D .
Yesterday , Martin London , a lawyer for Paul , Weiss , Rifkind , Wharton & Garrison who also represents Morgan Stanley , reiterated that stance .
Like so many other midmarket department stores , Mervyn 's , based in the San Francisco Bay area , has had problems competing with other discounters , including Target .
In failing to reach a settlement over the weekend , Microsoft is wagering that either it will once again find a more sympathetic appeals court bench or that advances in technology will make the case moot .
The main worry is that after the merger , the unit will buy only Honeywell avionics , just as it buys only General Electric engines at present .
Executives from Deutsche Bank and Citigroup declined to comment on the discussions .
''This is one of the few growth markets in retailing , '' said Howard F. Ward , who manages the Gabelli Growth Fund , which holds 760,000 Home Depot shares .
Telefonica Moviles of Spain selected Ericsson , Nokia and Motorola for construction of the first phase of its third-generation wireless communications network , awarding three contracts worth 120 million euros ( $ 102.7 million ) .
In conjunction with Microsoft 's news , Dell and Hewlett-Packard both announced 64-bit business computers that exploit the new software .
HotJobs will pay TMP a $ 15 million breakup fee and $ 2 million for expenses to extract itself from that deal before merging with Yahoo .
investigation , the agency sent Wells calls , which essentially tell people or companies to muster a case why they should not be sued , to Michael Conway , a KPMG partner who was a lead auditor on the Xerox account , and three other KPMG partners .
*When the Intel Corporation began developing its own Internet software , Microsoft complained .
Intuit , which is based in Mountain View , Calif. , said its QuickBooks and TurboTax software generate higher profits from online sales than through brick-and-mortar retail stores .
Company logos on the new dashboard include those of the Walt Disney Company , Time Warner , America Online , National Geographic , Pointcast , Intuit and others -- including Corbus , the electronic photograph archive owned by Microsoft 's chairman , William Gates .
''I do n't think Time Warner 's good will is a wasting asset , '' Mr. Willens said .
Only Wal-Mart , which has been thrust into the center of the national debate over who should pay for health care , would have been affected by the law .
Microsoft Corp chairman William H Gates 's obsession with digital set-top cable box he hopes will re-create computer industry by blending personal computer , Internet and television set discussed in light of Microsoft 's deal to invest in AT & T as part of AT & T 's acquisition of cable company Mediaone Group ; Microsoft seeks monopoly on set-top box for its Windows operating system that would dwarf its PC industry monopoly ; Microsoft 's wealth has eroded reluctance of many in cable and phone industries to form alliances with Microsoft ( M )
Wall Street Group contributes $ 184,020 to New York Times Neediest Cases Fund ; group includes Bear Stearns , CIBC , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch ( S )
Ms. Levin was previously vice president and publisher of Hyperion , a Walt Disney Company book-publishing division .
For one thing , he said , large business customers build major internal applications using Oracle 's data base , so switching to competing products is not a casual choice .
But Amgen will be allowed to sell NESP for all uses in both the United States and Europe .
Hopping on the bandwagon for wireless home networking products , Microsoft announced 10 new products yesterday .
Clearly Microsoft 's chairman believes with great certainty that interactive digital television is the Next Big Thing .
After two years of earnings shortfalls and market share losses tied to its line of wireless telephones , Motorola has been on an aggressive path to new wireless ventures .
The project suggests the degree of devotion to brand and corporate history at Coca-Cola , which was one of the first companies to hire its own corporate archivist and last year donated five decades of television commercials to the Library of Congress .
Even so , the MCI merger is likely to dilute Verizon 's overall growth because MCI 's revenue has been shrinking .
Microsoft has not released a subscriber count for MSN since January .
Verizon , for its part , was cautious about its expansion into the Wi-Fi market .
The first of the server computers , which uses I.B.M .
A seven-month standoff between the Occidental Petroleum Corporation of Los Angeles and its 29 percent-owned Canadian affiliate has been resolved through the sale of Occidental 's stake for $ 822 million .
Article describes 3G ( third generation ) , wireless service available from Verizon and other cellular carriers , which provides high-speed Internet access , and BroadbandConnect service from Cingular , which provides coverage in 16 metropolitan areas ; photos ( M )
Some advisers to President-elect George W Bush indicate that his administration may be willing to walk away from Justice Department 's victory in Microsoft antitrust case ; Bush made statements during campaign indicating that he did not agree with government 's case and court-ordered breakup of Microsoft ; Attorney General-designate John Ashcroft is said to hold unenthusiastic view of antitrust in general , but sat on Senate committee that questioned Microsoft chairman William H Gates in 1998 about Microsoft 's practice of placing links to company 's Web site on main page of Windows operating system ; 19 state attorneys general are partners in litigation and say they will pursue their case no matter what administration does ; photo ( M )
Expedia is leaving IAC with only $ 100 million in the bank , but no debt .
As stock analysts pored over Friday 's filings in the government 's proposal to split Microsoft in two , some marveled as much about what was missing as what was included .
It was two weeks ago that Apple reportedly told I.B.M .
Rob Bennet , a product manager in Microsoft 's consumer and commerce business , said that America Online was not in fact amenable to discussions .
The complexity issue is crucial for Microsoft because the company is building an elaborate ''operating system in the sky '' that will allow its software developers to write programs for hundreds of computers linked by the Internet instead of writing for individual Windows machines .
The case , Betty Dukes v. Wal-Mart Stores , the judge wrote , should be certified as a nationwide class action because the plaintiffs have shown that there are significant common legal and factual issues concerning Wal-Mart 's suspected discriminatory practices , including gender stereotyping and a culture of corporate uniformity .
Right now , one of the big distractions for AT & T 's cable planners is the company 's continuing negotiations with AOL Time Warner about selling AT & T 's 25.5 percent stake in Time Warner Entertainment .
Mr. Albert said the concept , known as ''click to call , '' was an important example of combining eBay 's expertise in online sales with Skype 's capacity to allow people to make inexpensive calls .
As part of its struggle to sort out the mess made by the merger -- which has already included $ 3 billion to settle investigations by regulators and claims by investors -- Time Warner had previously restated AOL revenue totaling $ 679 million .
''At the end of 2002 , I said it 's hard to imagine 2003 would be better , '' said David Viniar , chief financial officer of Goldman Sachs .
General Motors Corp plans rebound following record low market share and rumors of hostile takeover bid ; GM 's executives stress that they are relying on existing plans to increase market share as redesigned cars and trucks roll out of factories next year ; their apparent lack of urgency is causing Wall Street -- and other automotive companies -- to breathe sign of relief because many feared GM would panic and start price war that would crimp profits industrywide ( M )
Maybe Microsoft 's new Windows XP operating system really is better than the Windows version you might currently be using .
In a move meant to defend its position as the world 's leading site on the Internet , Yahoo Inc. has agreed to buy Geocities , another popular site , financial executives briefed on the deal said last night .
''The coming together of these managed care companies will rapidly increase the deployment of hand-held devices in doctors ' offices , '' said Dr. Russell J. Ricci , general manager of I.B.M .
There is a genuine cultural divide between the Justice Department , especially the staff lawyers like Mr. Malone , and the Microsoft legal team from Sullivan & Cromwell , an elite law firm .
The settlement talks have heightened the focus on what remedy the Justice Department and states might seek against Microsoft .
filed briefs against Nike 's position , while the Chamber of Commerce and the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California supported Nike .
Sales by General Motors rose 12.4 percent in April from a year earlier , a more robust performance than analysts expected .
International Paper Co offers to buy Champion International Corp for cash and stock worth $ 6.2 billion , or $ 64 a share , two months after Champion agreed to be acquired by Finnish paper giant UPM-Kymmene Corp ( M )
The A380 , if successful , would displace the Boeing 747 as the emperor of the skies , ending Boeing 's dominance in profitable jumbo jets .
And last night , Xerox announced that it was buying SET Electronique , a French company that makes continuous-feed printers that can whip out 500 pages a minute .
was consistently gaining share in most all markets , while Intel struggled , '' an analyst with Stifel Nicolaus , Cody Acree , said in a research note .
It is also true that in the past Intel has not shied from the courtroom .
Andy D. Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer , said inventories grew 15 percent in the quarter , leading the company to slow its manufacturing growth in an effort to scale back .
The commission is expected to push Microsoft toward offering to license two types of operating systems to European PC manufacturers : one with Media Player and one without .
Paul S. Ottelini , the president and chief operating officer , said Intel would ship more than a million Centrino chips in this quarter .
Intel 's clout in the industry is derived from the fact that its microprocessors power more than 80 percent of personal computers in use today .
A few blocks south at Urban Outfitters , part of a youth-oriented chain that sells T-shirts along with shag rugs , coffee mugs and multitiered hippie skirts , Jurek Grapentin , visiting from Germany , looked on as a young friend of his examined a shirt printed with a rosary entwined with the words ''Everybody Loves a Catholic Girl . ''
board , was elected chairman of the National Democratic Committee and promptly moved its offices into the General Motors Building in New York .
''Xerox ca n't ignore the juggernaut out there called Hewlett-Packard , '' said Donald J. Lyons , a group vice president for Microage .
Watching Microsoft be sued -- by the federal government , states , class-action plaintiffs and aggrieved rivals -- has become a common pastime in the computer industry .
One marketing expert said he fully expected Procter to regain its balance , but added that doing so would test Mr. Jager 's managerial skill .
Microsoft is still run by the first generation of executives , who vividly remember what it was like to be a scrappy underdog .
Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive and co-founder , said that with the slowing economy , his customers were nervous about their own profits and refused to approve planned technology purchases .
The company has also been criticized by labor unions , which say Wal-Mart fights their organizing efforts .
Coincidentally , it was exactly two years ago yesterday that Interpublic first disclosed signs of the problems that subsequently grew into one of the worst bouts of financial difficulties and accounting irregularities ever to plague a major agency company .
Richard B McKenzie of University of California at Irvine contends that there are probably fewer than 10,000 Windows programs in use today and that most users probably have no more than a handful on their computers ; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp was based on trial testimony that there were 70,000 programs written to run solely on Windows operating system ; that figure was not contested by lawyers for Microsoft , and indeed its marketing and advertising materials in 1997 claimed that as many as 100,000 programs existed for Windows operating system ( M )
Intel reported a sharp decline in sales and profit for the second quarter on Wednesday as it grappled with a slowdown in the personal computer industry and a price war resulting from its fierce competition with Advanced Micro Devices .
In fact , the player does not even encode music in MP3 , although Microsoft offers $ 10 add-ons from two other companies that enable MP3 recording .
Motorola , the maker of mobile phones and computer chips based in Schaumburg , Ill. , said it would lay off all 2,500 manufacturing workers at its plant in Harvard , Ill. , by June 30 .
A combination would create a behemoth with a value of roughly $ 60 billion and leave News Corporation the largest single shareholder .
''I was reading about the Morgan Stanley case and I could not believe my eyes , '' said a board member of the nonprofit Teamwork Foundation , which sponsors the Gauchos .
Carnival contends that its cash-and-stock offer is superior , representing a 44 percent premium to the share price of P & O Princess before the Royal Caribbean merger was announced on Nov. 20 .
Steven Lapinski , Advanced Micro 's director of product marketing , said the Athlon should lay to rest two longstanding problems for the company : that it could not make new chips fast enough to satisfy customers , and that it lagged behind Intel in introducing the fastest versions .
In North America , volume climbed 4 percent for the second quarter , with sales of the trademark Coca-Cola brand rising 2 percent .
At Home Depot , Mr. Nardelli 's contract entitled him to 568 weeks of salary for each of the six years he was chief executive .
Since then , Coca-Cola products have been under suspicion in European lands from Portugal to Germany .
Boeing Co is considering placing its advertising account in review after 28 years at Cole & Weber ; billings estimated at $ 30 million ( S )
AT & T Will Shut Down EO , a Wireless Pioneer
Mr. Parker of Sanford Bernstein said Intel would face continued pressure to lower prices on its chips .
A News Corporation spokesman declined to comment yesterday , and Checketts could not immediately be reached for comment .
Under the deal , newspapers will use Yahoo 's search technology on their Web sites and share revenue generated from the ads that Yahoo places alongside search results .
He portrayed the accusations of pressure having been applied on Digital as an attempt to blame Microsoft for Oracle 's failure in designing a viable computer system .
Cisco is undertaking the review for several reasons , said Jere King , vice president for worldwide marketing communications at Cisco in San Jose , Calif. , including the changing technology market and the arrival of a new chief marketing officer .
Instead , Skype 's voice communications technology will make online trading easier for eBay 's 157 million users , she said , particularly with transactions involving real estate , big-ticket purchases and services that require detailed conversations .
( The Kodak also has a separate black cartridge for text . )
As part of its investment , Microsoft had a licensing arrangement with AT & T covering 7.5 million to 10 million set-top boxes .
Verizon , the country 's largest phone company , earned $ 1.8 billion , or 64 cents a share , in the third quarter , 0.5 percent more than in the same period a year earlier and in line with analysts ' expectations .
The Comcast Corporation said yesterday that it would acquire Mediaone in a $ 53 billion takeover that would create the third-largest cable television company in the nation but would have little to do with television .
Opposition to the drug 's use among Cleveland Clinic heart physicians could be a blow to Johnson & Johnson .
Wal-Mart has indicated that the store is not meeting expectations , leading to fears it may be closed .
Playboy Focuses on Wal-Mart , Which Does n't Sell the Magazine
There are indications that Apple may be willing to back down , at least partly .
Mr. Levin initially wanted Time Warner shareholders to end up owning a 50 percent share of the combined company , while Mr. Case made clear that AOL 's greater worth in the eyes of investors justified giving a majority stake to its shareholders .
While Yahoo 's processes have become too bureaucratic , it is still attracting an audience , Mr. Schneider said .
''People misunderstood that the audience today were Apple developers , interested in the operating system and development tools , '' Mr. Bailey said .
They have questioned why management at Hellenic , a family-controlled , profitable , publicly traded company in which Coke has never held an equity stake , would suddenly decide it wanted to be in business with the sprawling , money-losing Coca-Cola Beverages .
Dozens of studies sponsored by Johnson & Johnson that might have warned doctors away were never published , just as the pharmaceutical manufacturer Pfizer failed to publish an early study of Celebrex that indicated a heart risk .
All three grades of Kodak 's printer paper have identifying machine-readable stripes on the back , so you never have to worry about choosing the wrong type ( Ultra Premium , Premium or whatever ) when you print from your Mac or PC ; the printer already knows .
Leaders of United Auto Workers locals at Delphi Corp will meet next week in Detroit to be briefed on talks with General Motors on rescue plan ; talks have been under way since Delphi filed for Chapter 11 protection in October ( M ) a
''These states have low-cost laws , and we wanted to be in compliance , '' said David Tovar , a Wal-Mart spokesman .
But General Electric , as a globally known and respected company , would bring prestige that Vivendi might value just as highly , this person said .
Last month Kodak burst out of its earnings doldrums , announcing a 35 percent gain in second-quarter earnings .
After the 1999 study was disclosed yesterday , Pfizer 's shares fell 19 cents , to $ 24.16 , their lowest level since 1997 .
But Mr. Annotti said the association differed with Allstate on this issue .
Verizon said its customers were canceling more second phone lines when they sign up for high-speed Internet lines .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Microsoft Enters Wireless Home Networking
The Path Taken By Halliburton To Reach a Deal In Asbestos Suits
Microsoft calls the effect Aero , and it manages to be both ethereal and busy , like much else in this operating system , which -- if the equipment is powerful enough -- slips rather than snaps into place .
The Federal Trade Commission is expected to file a major antitrust lawsuit against the Intel Corporation on Monday , and Intel executives and lawyers , saying the very future of the company is at stake , have vowed to fight the suit vigorously .
Shares of Merck fell 12.5 cents yesterday , to $ 92.50 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Citigroup reports first-quarter earnings that fall short of analysts ' estimates , in large part because of greater-than-expected losses in Argentina ; posts net income of $ 4.8 billion , up 37 percent from $ 3.54 billion year earlier ; company earned $ 3.86 billion ; results were hurt by $ 816 million pretax charge related to its corporate and consumer businesses in Argentina ; chairman-chief executive Sanford I Weill comments ; Bank of America earned $ 2.18 billion in first quarter , compared with $ 1.87 billion year earlier ; graph ; photo ( M )
In theory , the device , which is available for $ 49 at www.apple.com , also allows Apple owners to use Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones from Ericsson and Nokia as dial-up , wireless modems .
IF America Online completes its acquisition of Time Warner , a one-year clock would immediately start ticking .
Software revenues increased 12 percent to $ 4.3 billion , and much of its software sales are products that run on I.B.M .
Bertelsmann AG plans to take more of its on-line operations public in drive to become dominant force in digital world and exploit investor enthusiasm for Internet stocks ; chairman and chief executive , Thomas Middelhoff , says planned public offerings by Barnesandnoble.com , joint venture with Barnes & Noble Inc , and by Pixelpark presage other offerings in coming months ; says company plans to make Internet access more affordable in Europe ; holds talks with Microsoft Corp on possible joint bid for Deutsche Telekom AG 's cable television operations so that Bertelsmann can sell music titles over Internet through high-capacity cable lines ; graphs of company revenues , income , revenue breakdown and businesses ( M )
The new Staples spot presents a refugee from corporate life who drives up a mountain , triumphantly shedding his tie , briefcase and other shackles of the business world .
Healtheon is also allying itself with some of technology 's best-known names , selling $ 250 million of its high-flying stock to the Microsoft Corporation and $ 110 million to other backers including the Intel Corporation and Excite Inc. , the Internet portal company .
Citigroup lent $ 600 million , and J. P. Morgan provided the rest , according to an executive close to the Enron negotiations .
Procter & Gamble executives hope that Mr. Urlacher 's efforts can help Old Spice overtake Right Guard .
Analysis : Northrop Grumman is in for tough fight in its bid to acquire TRW Corp ; its all-stock offer of $ 47 per share , or $ 5.9 billion , seems to low to dissuade TRW from defending itself against Northrop 's unwanted advances ; Northrop 's chances of winning contested takeover battle are undeniably slim : Ohio 's new antitakeover laws make it almost impossible to oust board ; TRW is considering plan to sell its automotive unit to increase value , taking wind -- and value -- out of Northrop 's plan to do same thing ( M )
But even if Intel 's corporate future is not at stake , some experts say that if the company loses , the new ground rules could have a long-term effect both on the profits of Intel and its competitors and on computer prices generally .
As General Motors is painfully aware , no car seems to have lost so much of its cool as the Cadillac sedan , which once held popular culture in its thrall .
Cingular also offers a data service , though it is more limited than the Verizon Wireless service .
Under the unusual settlement agreement , Microsoft must donate two-thirds of the unclaimed amount to California 's poorest schools for buying technology , although it can keep the remaining one-third of the unclaimed portion .
In 1993 , it brought George M. C. Fisher in from Motorola to push Kodak into the digital age .
European regulators ruled on Wednesday that Microsoft broke European Union law by using its ''near monopoly '' in the Windows operating system to squeeze out rivals in other kinds of software .
Ms. Bernard joined the company in March 2001 ( though she had previously worked at AT & T for 18 years before 1995 ) .
Yet Apple is pulling back from its previous forecast that it expected to become profitable in its fiscal fourth quarter , ending Sept. 30 .
Microsoft said it was in daily contact with regulators in the hope of settling the case .
Chips are a much more expensive component of personal computers than the operating system software and Internet browsers at the center of the Microsoft dispute .
Johnson & Johnson files antitrust suit accusing rival Amgen of using illegal leverage to drive its drug , Procrit , out of market ; says Amgen is bundling sales of its drugs in way that forces cancer clinics to buy Amgen 's Aranesp at expense of Procrit ; Amgen says allegations are not legitimate and company intend to fight accusation ( M )
The company also signed franchise agreements with individual municipalities in Texas before the state government passed a law this summer that would allow Verizon and others to obtain agreements from the Texas Public Utility Commission .
Dennis D. Powell , Cisco 's chief financial officer , said that expenses , measured on a pro forma basis , were $ 2.4 billion , the same as last quarter , and up from $ 2.1 billion a year earlier .
In December , Apple bought Next Software Inc. for more than $ 400 million , a company headed by Apple 's cofounder , Steven P. Jobs , who had been ousted himself in a 1985 boardroom coup , and brought Mr. Jobs back as an adviser .
At Time Warner , there was a David-and-Goliath issue , the sense that an august old-media institution had been felled by a smaller , more agile competitor .
But most of the difference appeared to occur after patients had taken Vioxx for 18 months in a row , Merck has said .
As a result , Mr. Boies asserted , ''Microsoft charges Gateway a significantly higher price for Windows than Microsoft charges Dell or Compaq . ''
In a carefully hedged bulletin , a leading Wall Street Microsoft analyst , Rick Sherlund of Goldman , Sachs , said XP ''could be a positive catalyst '' for the company , but not till well into the 2002 fiscal year .
If Victor and Hugo , Disney 's gargoyles in ''The Hunchback of Notre Dame , '' or NBC and Microsoft 's views of news seem to reign supreme , they do so only at our pleasure .
He became a Microsoft executive after the software company acquired Dynamical Systems Research , a software company he had founded with his brother , Cameron Myhrvold , who also became a Microsoft executive .
But , portions of settlements that are classified as compensatory damages can be , according to Boeing and government lawyers .
Microsoft will have a financial stake in any resulting show .
Marcus Courtney , co-founder of the Washington Alliance of Technological Workers , an affiliate of the communications workers ' union , said , ''This shows how Amazon , despite its public statements that this is a decision we let our employees make themselves and we trust them to make the right decisions , all these meetings and the internal Web site and their manuals show that Amazon management is trying to take this basic democratic decision away from the workers and make it themselves . ''
But Microsoft 's move would also be offensive in that it could help the company as the Internet business moves toward the so-called broadband model in which households are continuously connected to high-speed data lines .
Excluding one-time items , Kodak earned $ 199 million , or 70 cents a share , in the latest quarter .
( Window cleaning was first , but Whirlpool does not do windows . )
Two small television networks became a large one yesterday when CBS and the Warner Brothers Entertainment unit of Time Warner joined forces to form a new , youth-oriented network out of the programs on UPN and WB .
Since search advertisers pay only for an ad that gets a click , Google can earn significantly more money for each page than Yahoo does .
Unlike Microsoft 's Passport , he said , the Sun software is more a building-block technology that will allow companies to make their own online identification and authentication services .
The commission outlined its objections to the deal in a statement sent to General Electric last week , but European officials declined to comment on the concerns or on G.E .
The Microsoft Abacus Smart Watch can , and it has a few other tricks as well .
Coca-Cola Co 's directors approve purchase of Vitaminwater maker Glaceau , which is also known as Energy Brands , for $ 4.2 billion in cash and Coke stock ( M )
The Eastman Kodak Company reported nearly a 35 percent gain in second-quarter earnings yesterday , reversing a six-quarter-long decline .
For the quarter ending on Dec. 31 , Microsoft reported earnings of $ 1.98 billion , or 73 cents a diluted share , up 75 percent from $ 1.13 billion , or 42 cents a share , in the comparable period a year earlier .
But Microsoft has found a backdoor to America Online 's main instant-message system , setting off a heated debate that embroiled much of the Internet industry last week .
Three loose consortiums appear to be forming for the Verizon unit .
In the third quarter , Coca-Cola 's operating income decreased by 54 percent , to $ 454 million from $ 986 million , after $ 455 million in one-time provisions .
But what is perhaps most remarkable about the machine is that it does not run Macintosh software , but rather only programs written for the Apple Newton , the personal digital assistant that has achieved only modest success .
Just on the cusp of celebrity , she is the kind of left-of-the dial personality Gap has traditionally embraced , a roster that in the past included Will Ferrell , Ashton Kutcher , Jamie Foxx , Lenny Kravitz and Macy Gray , all of whom modeled or sang in the company 's ad campaigns .
Last month , the Financial Services Agency , Japan 's bank regulator , ordered Citigroup to close its private banking business , which caters to clients with more than 100 million yen ( $ 932,400 ) to invest , after finding that a lack of internal controls enabled some employees to engage in fraudulent transactions .
Dr. Tevanian said Apple had made a study of this question , had tried integration instead of bundling but had found that it resulted in ''confusion , extra overhead , and there were easier ways to do it . ''
''The health of the home industry is driven primarily by the U.S. market , and that means that steel prices are going to firm , even go up , '' said Aldo J. Mazzaferro , the bullish metals analyst at Goldman Sachs .
''It leaves the steady part of the motion alone , '' said James L. Levine , the research staff member at I.B.M .
Although read rates are improving , no one who uses the technology has systems that can reliably read the information 100 percent of the time in factories , warehouses and stores ; Wal-Mart said the rate was around 60 percent in its stores .
''Now that the antitrust day of reckoning has arrived and the Justice Department has announced its decision to sue to block the transaction , it is time for Oracle to abandon its efforts to acquire the company , '' Mr. Conway said .
Because of an editing error , an article in World Business yesterday about the Coca-Cola Company 's settlement of an antitrust case in Europe misstated the market share of PepsiCo , its top rival , for carbonated soft drinks in the United States .
Pfizer said it sold 9 of the 50 drugs most often prescribed for Medicare patients .
''What we 're doing is a first step , but it 's an important first step , '' said Richard Anderson , general manager of I.B.M .
Everything but the Potted Plant ; An Ambitious Package To Raise Productivity ( And Microsoft 's Profit )
The Sony Corporation cut the price of its PlayStation 2 video game machine to $ 150 Tuesday to match the competition from Microsoft 's Xbox as it moved ahead with its plans to challenge Nintendo as a maker of hand-held game players .
If Microsoft and the Justice Department settle the antitrust charges with measures the European authorities consider too mild , the competitiveness agency could initiate its own proceedings based on evidence that has come up in American court proceedings .
This will be the first time Yahoo has introduced a full television show , and the first time a show will be available free on the Internet .
Netflix has 39 of these warehouses around the country , one in each major metropolitan area .
The business of an insurance broker like Aon is to find the right coverage at the right price for corporations and then , when there is a disaster , big or small , to help in collecting on the claim .
He sounded sanguine even when he discussed the fall 's family edition , which he produced at CBS 's suggestion .
The Procter & Gamble Company , in another worldwide consolidation of a consumer brand account , has named Saatchi & Saatchi in New York , part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C. , as the global agency for Safeguard soap .
Citigroup has agreed to pay up to $ 20 million to North Carolina customers of the Associates First Capital Corporation to settle allegations that Associates illegally tricked them into buying expensive and unneeded credit insurance as part of their mortgage loans , a practice at the center of a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit against Associates .
At least $ 12 million of the money to be paid by Morgan Stanley will go to one woman , Allison K. Schieffelin .
A spokeswoman said Starbucks would offer some content free , but might charge customers for more extensive use .
Starbucks sold more than 750,000 copies of the album .
That work by the forensic accountants and the Interpublic accounting firm of the last three decades , PricewaterhouseCoopers , has even included performing certain tasks manually that are typically automated .
He also hired new designers for his Gap and Banana Republic brands .
's microprocessor business unit , said of Intel in an interview .
''The move underscores the simplification process : Mr. Murdoch 's drive to make News Corporation a simpler and more shareholder-friendly U.S. company , '' said Mario Gabelli , chief investment officer of Gabelli Asset Management , whose fund owns shares of both News Corporation and Fox Entertainment .
In that deal , SBC invested $ 300 million in Yahoo .
Unbundling Media Player from Windows would cause problems for Microsoft , which today announced that the latest Media 9 Series version of Media Player is for the first time being shipped to Europe , bundled in with the latest Windows XP .
In the memorandum , sent to two SCO executives , Mike Anderer of S2 Strategic Consulting discussed a role in financing SCO , writing that ''Microsoft will have brought in $ 86 million for us including BayStar . ''
Motorola Inc. , the wireless communications and semiconductor company that has been stumbling for about two years , said late today that its third-quarter earnings were better than expected , largely because of an aggressive restructuring and cost-cutting effort .
Yesterday Mr. Pressler stepped down after Gap 's third dismal holiday shopping season , in what the company described as a ''mutual '' decision .
The achievement is a major step in the evolution of computer semiconductor technology that could eventually lead to faster networks and more powerful electronics at lower prices , said Bernard Meyerson , vice president and chief technologist in I.B.M .
Interview with J Mays , new Ford Motor Co design chief who is known for Volkswagen Concept One ; photo ( M )
Mr. Parsons , he added , is a consummate politician , even-handed and almost benign in his ability to assuage demands and dented egos from all sides of the Time Warner corporate edifice .
Jim Donahue , a spokesman for MBNA , said customers who did not want American Express cards could decline the switch or have their accounts switched back .
The Ammirati Puris Lintas unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York will soon lose a crucial assignment from the Compaq Computer Corporation -- primary responsibility for the strategic and creative development of traditional advertising campaigns worldwide -- to the DDB Needham Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group in New York .
Analysts have published a blizzard of speculation about whether Johnson & Johnson will now turn its attention to smaller device companies -- like St. Jude Medical , the third-ranked producer of heart-regulating implants , or Conor Medsystems , the developer of a promising new stent design for propping open heart arteries .
For much of the 1980 's and 1990 's Nike was on fire .
People close to the negotiations said that the News Corporation is seeking at least $ 400 million for the team and Dodger Stadium .
But the five-building campus , Mr. Ballmer declared , ''underscores Microsoft 's ongoing commitment to its employees , partners and customers in the valley . ''
The new memory technology could potentially be added to a future generation of the I.B.M .
Comcast currently has $ 22.4 billion in debt and projected operating cash flow this year of $ 7.5 billion .
Stanley Works said today that its shareholders had approved by the thinnest of margins its proposal to become a Bermuda company , but employees and retirees contested the outcome and said managers had misled them about how millions of votes would be counted .
RealNetworks deputy general counsel David Stewart contends that Microsoft , ordered year ago by European Commission to sell second version of Windows in Europe that has its music and video-playing program , Media Player , stripped out , is not ready to comply with ruling ; RealNetworks , which makes rival software , has most to gain from enforcement of order ; commission has yet to decide whether Microsoft 's proposal for introducing unbundled version of Windows meets its requirements ( M )
Unsolicited junk e-mail on Internet has actually increased since passage last year of sweeping federal antispam law ; it now totals 80 percent or more of all e-mail sent , up from 60 percent before law went into effect ; antispam crusaders have long argued that law would make spam problem worse by effectively giving bulk advertisers permission to send junk e-mail as long as they follow certain rules ; not everyone agrees that law is to blame ; lawsuits invoking new law have been mounted by large Internet companies like Microsoft , AOL and Yahoo in name of combating problem ; so far , spam trade has foiled most efforts to bring it under control ; some so-called bulletproof Web host services offer spam-friendly merchants access to stable offshore computer servers where they can park their Web sites , with promise that they will not be shut down because of spam complaints ; Sen Conrad Burns , antispam law 's chief sponsor , suggests that Federal Trade Commission , which oversees its enforcement , might simply need some nudging ; photo ; graph ( M )
Lockheed Martin Corp agrees to pay $ 13 million fine , largest civil penalty ever under Arms Export Control Act , to settle case involving 1994 sale of satellite technology to China ; accord does not call for suspension of company 's right to export satellite technology ; settlement may put pressure on Loral Space & Communications Corp to settle separate case ( M )
Some Wal-Mart employees said workers might be afraid to speak up because they have seen coworkers retaliated against -- for instance , transferred to worse shifts when they voiced their complaints .
Employment in Renton , now home to Boeing 's commercial jetliner division , has risen and fallen along with military spending and airline orders over the years .
Until now , most of Microsoft 's communications efforts have appeared focused on local markets .
Wall Street has tended to smile on Capital One because of the consistency of its profits , but its shares have fallen 12.5 percent since their high in August .
Is a Trip to McDonald 's Just What the Doctor Ordered ?
Shares of PepsiCo dropped $ 2.94 , or 6.3 percent , to $ 43.69 , while Quaker rose $ 12.30 , or 14 percent , to $ 100.30 .
And Halliburton has less financial flexibility than they had prior to the decline in their share price and the adverse jury verdicts . ''
Betsy J Bernard , chief of consumer services operation at AT & T Corp , will become company 's next president ; John Polumbo , senior vice president for business services , will succeed Bernard ; appointments set in motion David W Dorman era at AT & T ; president Dorman is set to take over as chairman and chief executive once AT & T completes sale of its cable television operation to Comcast later this year ; AT & T chairman-chief executive C Michael Armstrong is to depart to become chairman of combined AT & T Comcast upon completion of deal ; AT & T vice chairman Charles H Noski will also depart ( M )
But Mr. Warnock said he spoke with Amazon about collaborating .
''There is this perception that eastern North Carolina is Pepsi country , '' said Lauren Steele , a spokesman for Coca-Cola Consolidated .
Elbows-up style of play for street basketball is being used by Nike and Reebok International , marketers of athletic footwear , as they scrap over commercial centered on re-creation of storied era in New York basketball ; dispute began last weekend when Nike began running commercial by Wieden & Kennedy for basketball shoe , Shox VC , named after Vince Carter of Toronto Raptors ; spot , set in 1975 , shows Carter as big player on winning side of game in Rucker Park in Harlem ; Reebok International sent out news release saying not to believe hype , and described how Reebok , not Nike , is sponsor of annual summertime event , known as Entertainer 's Basketball Classic Rucker Park Tournament ( S )
Wal-Mart said earlier this week that in nine other states -- including California , Minnesota and Pennsylvania -- it had taken 55 drugs off the $ 4 list and was charging $ 9 for them in deference to state regulations that prohibit pricing below cost if doing so could drive competing stores out of business .
And I.B.M .
So it was clear the system works despite some glitches in staying connected that Boeing says are being worked out as the system is tested .
So I rushed to eBay to list the cargo cover ( actually , I listed two cargo covers that belonged to two different cars I no longer had ; what are the odds ?
Amazon.com begins offering software downloading service that allows customers to buy some software online and then to start using products almost immediately ; new service is called Software Downloads Store ( S )
It is a stretch that includes offices of multinationals like Oracle , I.B.M. , Accenture , Hewlett-Packard , PeopleSoft , Honeywell and HSBC Bank .
The airline took the name Alaska Airlines in 1944 and grew through mergers and acquisitions , including that of Jet America Airlines , a carrier based in California , in 1987 .
And it repudiated the work of its own executives , led by Park Chong Sup , Hynix 's president , who had negotiated the deal with Micron .
While Bank of America executives played down cultural differences and said that client and associate attrition levels were ''normal '' for a merger , some recruiters and rivals say there are a lot of U.S. Trust advisers who have left the company or are looking to leave .
The problems began , Mr. Norris said , at a meeting in November 1994 at which Microsoft offered I.B.M .
''We hope Verizon will take the concrete steps necessary to bring its application into compliance before refiling its application , '' Jason D. Oxman , senior counsel for the Covad Communications Group , said in an interview .
Perhaps by giving PC manufacturers wide-ranging freedoms to pick and choose from Microsoft 's bundled offers , the Justice Department could do something to shield competition in new markets , analysts said .
Arnold Weinstock , who for 30 years dominated Britain 's electrical and electronics industries with his giant General Electric Company , only to be ousted by critics who then virtually bankrupted the company , died on Tuesday at his home in Wiltshire .
THE Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that it had dismissed Wells BDDP Inc. , removing all its accounts , with billings estimated at $ 125 million , and delivering a damaging blow to an agency already in turmoil .
But , he added , more concern went into the reporting for a positive story about Time Warner the magazine ran in 1998 .
Eastman Kodak Co has invested $ 2.5 bilion in YesVideo , which converts consumers ' videotapes into CD 's and DVD 's ; agreement gives Kodak equity stake in YesVideo and seat on its board ( S )
NBC is General Electric 's most profitable unit under its chief executive , Robert C. Wright , who is also vice chairman of General Electric .
Indeed , Amazon already offers a print-on-demand CD service like this , where music producers and labels allow Amazon to digitally store songs and albums that are not economical to store physically in bulk , and manufacture them whenever an Amazon customer orders the title .
Yahoo 's stock has plummeted from a 52-week high of about $ 250 , reached in January .
Amazon 's shares rose 50 cents , to $ 15.44 , right after it released its numbers , in after-hours trading , but they settled at $ 15 , 6 cents above their 4 p.m. close of $ 14.94 .
The commission , however , said it received nothing from Microsoft until after its public statement on the company .
Ammirati Puris Lintas unit of Interpublic Group of Companies will soon lose crucial ad assignment from Compaq Computer Corp to DDB Needham Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group ( S )
In that way , the chip fits with Intel 's vision of a future in which the PC contains all the features of a television , a DVD player and a video-game machine , replacing many separate home entertainment devices .
America Online said that Microsoft was acting like a hacker , connecting to its system without authorization .
Using such techniques saved about 9 percent of construction costs , Pfizer estimated , dropping to $ 172 a square foot from the typical $ 188 .
Apple says it now expects earnings of 30 to 33 cents a share in the fourth quarter , well below the consensus estimate of 45 cents , according to First Call/Thomson Financial , which tracks company earnings .
Microsoft was unable to persuade either consumer companies or software developers that it had solved all of the privacy and security issues raised by the prospect of keeping personal information in a centralized repository , he said .
Kodak Halts Profit Decline , Rising 35 %
''Let 'em know you can think Merck money . ''
Intel shares have fallen 57 percent since August .
At Bank of America , nonperforming loans increased to $ 4.2 billion , a substantial increase from nonperforming loans of $ 3 billion at the end of last year .
The prospect of digital convergence has prodded Sony and Microsoft to weigh how many interactive media and digital video recording features they can add to their next-generation players without making them too complex or pushing prices beyond the relatively low cost that most users expect .
The decision on the 7E7 looms as Boeing is entrenched in a Pentagon ethics controversy that forced the resignation of its chief executive , Philip M. Condit , on Monday , and the firings of its chief financial officer and another executive last week .
Nike 's enthusiastic new campaign draws some criticism from New York Marathon officials .
By 2000 , Microsoft 's share of high-end computing is expected to be 15 percent , according to the Gartner Group , a research firm , but Unix and mainframe technology will still dominate .
CVS was advised by the Evercore Group and Lehman Brothers ; its lawyers were Davis Polk & Wardwell and Mintz Levin Cohn Ferris Glovsky and Popeo .
Then I.B.M .
Europe Said to Agree on Microsoft Privacy Issues
Coca-Cola Co says earnings rose 7 percent in fourth quarter ; net income rose to $ 817 million from $ 762 million in year-earlier period ; revenue rose to $ 4.7 billion from $ 4.48 billion ; for the year , company earned $ 41.3 billion , an 18 percent increase ; sales increased slightly , to $ 18.87 billion from $ 18.67 billion ; soda sales volume for year was up 9 percent ; chart ( L )
Amazon does not have a line of credit with a bank , and Standard & Poor 's gives its convertible bonds a credit rating of CCC+ , very low grade , which makes it extremely expensive to borrow in the debt markets .
What do AT & T and British Airways have in common with Enron ?
In 2001 , Gap was criticized for having too many insider board members and for its interlocking directorships -- Mr. Drexler was on the board of Apple Computer , and Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chairman and chief executive , was on the board of Gap .
Besides the chip maker Intel , a close Microsoft ally , most of the other 20 or so members are smaller foreign companies or trade organizations .
And Wal-Mart has encountered growing resistance to locating new stores in urban areas .
Citigroup was close to settling that suit last week for a sum reported to be about $ 200 million .
For November , Wal-Mart recorded only a 0.7 percent sales increase among stores open at least a year , compared with its own projections of a 2 to 4 percent increase .
The sharply worded response is Morgan Stanley 's most spirited defense of itself since the firm was caught in a whirlwind of accusations about the case last month .
Europe 's Court of First Instance rejects Microsoft 's objections and orders it to offer version of its Windows operating system without its software for playing digital music and movies on personal computers ; ruling only applies to Europe , but it represents first time since antitrust challenges to Microsoft began in 1990 's that company will be forced to alter its software products and features with Windows ; basic operations of more than 90 percent of world 's personal computers are controlled by Microsoft 's Windows program ; ruling by Judge Bo Vesterdorf means that sanctions imposed by European Commission in March will now take effect RealNetworks , leading maker of media player software , describes ruling as step toward greater competition in software market ( M )
One was to gain Mr. Armstrong 's support in Mr. Weill 's struggle for control of Citigroup ; the other was to secure Mr. Weill 's help in getting Mr. Grubman 's children into an exclusive nursery school in Manhattan .
Both Lilly and SmithKline soon sold their pharmacy benefit managers at substantial losses , but Merck has held on to Medco .
Boston Scientific Heads Back to Court
Throughout these efforts , the complaint says , Andersen fully understood the extent of the accounting misrepresentations and repeatedly tried to press Waste Management executives to change their practices or correct errors , with little success .
Despite its decision to postpone the offering , News Corporation is talking with the Microsoft Corporation about selling a nearly $ 1 billion stake in Sky Global , which would give Microsoft 3.5 percent of the company , a person close to the talks said .
Microsoft is also trying to be the repository and guardian of vast amounts of personal information as part of its Passport Internet software .
Yesterday 's announcement , made in a memo sent to employees , is a shift for Coca-Cola , which is being sued by eight current and former black employees who say they were unfairly treated because of their race .
But there is still a big gap between Time Warner 's stock price and what America Online is offering to pay because investors are unsure that the deal will be completed .
Microsoft is uneasy about what it sees as the growing interest of European governments , in particular , to delve into the design of technology products .
A Microsoft spokesman , Mark Murray , said , ''We view our revisions as putting lipstick on a pig . ''
Wal-Mart might appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada , but there is no assurance it will get a hearing .
Shares of Apple Computer Inc fall nearly 18 percent after company discloses that it would report loss of $ 100 million to $ 150 million in what is typically its strongest quarter ; announcement suggests that yearlong turnaround effort by chairman , Gilbert F Amelio , may be falling short ; but some analysts note that Amelio never promised that company would return to profitability in single year ; in further blow to Apple , Canon Inc says it will sell its 20 percent stake in Next Software Inc just before Apple buys it ; analysts say Canon is , in effect , betting against Apple , which plans to use Next 's software to modernize its operating system ( M )
I.B.M. , analysts say , may consider layoffs in the technology group or shrinking its payroll through attrition .
HEAVY METAL -- In a sign of solid recovery in the so-called heavy-metal business-jet market , Boeing said yesterday that it had five new commitments for orders for its top-of-the-line Boeing Business Jets , which are basically 737-700 's and 737-800 's converted for use as luxury , long-range jets .
Tularik is working on drugs for diseases like cancer , diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis -- all of them areas Amgen is also pursuing .
Defying an industry trend , Air France said it would outfit 15 new Airbus Industrie A-318 single-aisle planes that it had on order from Airbus with engines by CFM International , a joint venture of the General Electric Company in the United States and Snecma S.A. of France .
Mark Goldstein , chief marketing officer at Fallon Worldwide , will leave after 11 years to assume posts being created for him at units of Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
According to company executives and others briefed on the discussions , Microsoft -- desperate to capture a slice of the popular and ad-generating search business -- approached Google within the last two months to discuss options , including the possibility of a takeover .
AOL-Time Warner Rivals Preparing for Interactive TV Fight
To counter as closely as possible AT & T 's offer of a full year free to current long-distance customers , Netcom is offering the first month for only $ 5 and unlimited access for only $ 19.95 monthly after that .
AOL and Time Warner Face Criticism at F.C.C .
The class-action suit against Ford involves tens of thousands of black customers who received loans through Primus Automotive Financial Services , a division of Ford Credit that manages loans for the Ford , Mazda , Jaguar and Land Rover brands of the Ford Motor Company .
Nike.com , which sells both directly to consumers and connects them to other sporting goods retailers , opened NikeLab as a showcase for what it sees as its more technologically sophisticated products .
It has been several years since Microsoft and Netscape constantly added new features to their Web browser software , each hoping to win more users .
If it failed to do so , Yahoo would be subject to a $ 13,000 fine at the end of the period for every day it did not comply , Judge Gomez ruled .
Aetna has also sold H.M.O .
ConAgra Foods chief executive Gary M Rodkin introduces new variations of some old products Wall Street analysts ; products include Healthy Choice panini sandwich , Healthy Choice dinners that do not get mushy when microwaved because sauce is cooked in separate container , Orville Redenbacher popcorn that is low in sodium but retains salty taste and Chef Boyardee microwave-ready macaroni and cheese that does not require addition of water or cheese powder ; photos ( M )
So far , Amazon.com 's only expansion beyond books has been to add music compact disks earlier this year .
Sales in the stent business have grown rapidly since Boston Scientific and Johnson & Johnson figured out how to coat bare metal devices with drugs .
Another part of Microsoft 's Internet strategy is to combine Web searches with an improved application that lets users find documents and e-mail messages on personal computers .
The Los Angeles office of BBDO West , part of the BBDO Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group , has ended its eight-year relationship with Northrop Grumman , an aerospace and defense company , by withdrawing from a review for the company 's creative and media account , with spending estimated at $ 7.5 million , to avoid a potential client conflict .
With special items , including costs from Pfizer 's merger with Warner-Lambert , which was completed in June , and costs associated with two drugs , Rezulin and Trovan , which have either been taken off the market or had sales restricted because of safety problems , net income was $ 1.15 billion , or 18 cents a share , compared with $ 1.16 billion , or 18 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
''We are getting focused on which clients are served with what products in which geographies , '' Mr. Prager of Bank of America said .
In addition to the other household names , the deal will give Johnson & Johnson rights to the over-the-counter version of Zyrtec , the top-selling prescription antihistamine , and the foreign rights to the Nicorette smoking cessation line .
Morgan Stanley Exodus Continues as 8 Traders Leave
Stung by pricing pressure from Asian competitors , Micron Technology Inc. yesterday reported a steeper-than-expected loss for its second fiscal quarter .
Microsoft Corp agrees to pay $ 97 million to settle eight-year-old class-action lawsuit in which thousands of temporary employees accused company of improperly denying them benefits ; lawsuit was by far most prominent lawsuit in nation attacking popular practice in which many companies hired workers as temps , kept them for year or more and did not provide them with regular permanent employee benefits ; Microsoft , in reaction to lawsuit , has taken several major steps to change its employment practices ; estimated 8,000 to 12,000 former temporary workers will qualify for award under settlement , with average award expected to run about $ 10,000 ( M )
Some analysts were surprised that I.B.M .
But to those familiar with AT & T 's two-year effort to build and sell its Network Notes service , the fault was more with AT & T than with Notes and I.B.M .
Jim Finn , an Oracle spokesman , said , ''Given PeopleSoft 's uncertain future as a stand-alone company and the fact that , for the first quarter , PeopleSoft guided analysts below the consensus estimates , Oracle believes that its offer is full and generous . ''
''These results are clearly disappointing , '' said Warren Jenson , chief financial officer for Electronic Arts , based in Redwood City , Calif. ''We missed our plan and we missed our forecast . ''
The News Corporation signed a deal to license the brand for its popular online social networking site and allow local Chinese entrepreneurs who understand their market to pick and choose to build an indigenous business .
''Maybe he 'll be pulling a latte at Starbucks , '' said Mr. Shaw of Shepardson Stern , to suggest that the character was working much less because of the arrival of Office XP .
But most analysts said the Microsoft product , which will probably be bundled with the Office 2000 suite , lacks the power and capability demanded by graphics professionals , who are Adobe 's core market .
But United Healthcare 's woes also raise the question of whether managed care works as a model for the future of health care in keeping costs under control .
It is a very large company , but there was some speculation that it might now be forced into at least considering a merger with a larger company , perhaps Raytheon .
But Sandisk 's system so far requires several chips , meaning that it does not yet have the potential data-storage and cost-saving advantages of Intel 's single-chip approach .
Microsoft 's inclusion of its own Web browser in the previous version of Windows , Windows 95 , is already the subject of Federal antitrust litigation .
That is partly because McDonald 's and Burger King have opened fewer restaurants in the last year to concentrate on increasing sales at existing ones .
and Xerox
Where the two companies compete most directly is in the education market , which Dell now dominates but where Apple is trying a comeback .
And Boeing has argued that its exclusive sales deals are merely a refinement of long-term contracts that have been the norm for years in the aircraft industry , and that Airbus itself has tried to negotiate such contracts .
News Corporation would prefer to not pay such an amount to Saban just now , because the Murdochs have already committed themselves to acquiring Chris-Craft Industries , a television station company , for $ 3.5 billion .
It will be owned equally by Delta and AT & T Global Information Solutions , the computer subsidiary formerly known as NCR .
In an interview , Mr. Semel said the latest delay came after Yahoo 's engineers said the new service needed more time for testing with clients .
''All of the device manufacturers have issues , '' said Bruce Nudell , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , ''but I 'm surprised Boston Scientific 's management allowed this to get this far .
''They wondered why Comcast would put money in a goofy business , '' like Disney , that executive said .
Xerox , which is based in Stamford , Conn. , does have a unique set of problems , though .
''In other words , '' the Government said , ''Microsoft prevented consumers from getting what they wanted so that Microsoft could keep what it had -- a monopoly in operating systems . ''
But the Warner Books unit of Time Warner Inc. is giving Sarah Ban Breathnach , best-selling author of the women 's spiritual guide ''Simple Abundance , '' the opportunity to do both .
After Years at Top , McDonald 's Strives To Regain Ground
CBS 's long courtship of Katie Couric has moved close to a conclusion .
CBS Reaches Deals With 9 Cable Operators for Compensation to Carry Its Programs
Though the summer months are a slow period , Yahoo found that both the volume and the prices of advertisements had increased in the quarter .
This will be remembered as the year Microsoft abandoned its PC-centric view of the world .
Carl Shapiro , an economics consultant to Intel from the University of California at Berkeley , acknowledges that there may be areas of rivalry -- Digital , for example , produces a microprocessor that competes with Intel 's Pentium chips in a very limited market -- but argues that the behavior under challenge by the commission is overwhelmingly limited to the relationship between the chip maker and its customers .
Helping set the anti-Microsoft tone of the conference was Sun Microsystems ' chief executive , Scott G. McNealy , who complained in an opening-night speech that his company and its Java programming language had become ''ground zero '' for what he called a Microsoft carpet-bombing approach to the software industry .
Meanwhile , the number of pickets thinned to about 750 yesterday , down from the thousands at Verizon sites each day last week .
Indeed , by 2002 Honeywell International expects savings to add 32 cents to earnings a share .
Netflix , founded in 1998 , is an online movie-rental company that could be described as the anti-Blockbuster .
Apple Computer introduces updated version of its iMac home computer with minimalist all-in-one system that hides computer 's internal components inside flat-panel LCD display , Apple Expo , Paris ; prices for new iMac line will start at $ 1,299 for 17-inch model ; slightly thicker 20-inch model will cost $ 1,899 ; photo ( M )
Neither Apple nor Microsoft-based machines come close to Be 's capabilities .
Career profile of Maurice R ( Hank ) Greenberg , 79 , legendary insurance executive ousted from American International Group in accounting probe ; he has suffered public and humiliating end to career and faces possible civil suits and criminal probes ; reportedly reacts with mixture of bewilderment , rage and self-pity ; his associates say he failed to recognize changes in business world shaken by recent corporate scandals and clung to model of imperial chief executive ; photos ( M )
Morgan Stanley 's earnings included a $ 73 million gain before taxes on the sale of a building near Times Square in Manhattan to Lehman , whose former headquarters were damaged in the attack on the World Trade Center .
The combination of General Mills and Pillsbury may make General Mills a more enticing target for another company , Ms. Long said .
''There 's little question that Honeywell is filled with demotivated and disspirited people right now , '' said Christopher A. Bartlett , a professor of business administration at the Harvard Business School .
Insisting that Verizon was not running an anti-union Web site , Mr. May said that the company 's site ( jobs.verizonwireless.com/vzwua ) complied with a contract provision that allowed the company to distribute information about the pros and cons of unionizing .
Lack of competition on many Union Pacific routes has left customers with no alternatives , he said .
WHEN Steve Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , introduced the $ 499 Mac Mini in January , he called it a ''bring your own display , keyboard and mouse '' machine .
Starbucks Will Venture Inc
Floyd Norris comment on possibility that SEC may sue KPMG over audits of Xerox Corp , which has agreed to pay $ 10 million fine to settle complaint that it faked its earnings reports from 1997 through 2000 ; SEC alleges that KPMG caved in to pressure from Xerox officials after repeatedly objecting to its accounting tricks ; graph ( M )
After emergency surgery , he quickly returned to work at both Apple Computer and at Pixar Animation Studios , where he is also chairman and chief executive .
EBay 's earnings report comes at a time of increasing doubt on Wall Street that it can keep pace with rivals .
The same uncertainty applies for investors in Applied Materials , the world 's largest manufacturer of computer-chip-making equipment .
All of Cintas 's new ventures involve a common theme : delivering a service using a truck .
Amgen , the nation 's largest biotechnology company , said the deal would help it develop drugs for cancer and inflammation .
And he said that Yahoo regarded the turbulent times as an opportunity .
Judge G. Patrick Murphy of Federal District Court in the Southern District of Illinois ruled that I.B.M .
Correction : April 10 , 2007 , Tuesday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about the sale of the Tribune Company misstated the background of Robert C. Embry Jr. , who has tried to buy the company 's newspaper in Baltimore , The Sun .
This kind of multiple-brand campaign is rare for Kellogg , which usually pitches products one by one .
It is not enough that hotels are spending a lot of money ( $ 190 million for linens alone by Marriott ) or that they believe the rooms are better .
MR. ROBERTS -- Besides Microsoft .
Analysts also said yesterday 's drop in Citigroup shares might reflect continuing concerns that its expenses are too high .
As a result , Lockheed Martin will have to account for the deal under different accounting rules , called purchase accounting .
But Mr. Henley acknowledged that Oracle can not continue to use the Internet boom as a basis for comparison , given that it has been more than a year since the height of exorbitant dot-com-led spending .
But Microsoft lawyers made clear when Judge Jackson proposed his fast-track timetable last month that the company could not agree until it had seen the government plan .
Prince III of Citigroup , sounded a very upbeat note yesterday , saying that he had ''a great deal of optimism and enthusiasm '' about the rest of 2006 .
( AT & T is scheduled to file its 2001 annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission today . )
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey had balked at Vornado 's recent attempts to change the terms of the deal for the 10.6-million-square-foot complex .
But Microsoft 's rise to dominance , some industry analysts say , also means the company must modify its corporate culture and behavior in ways that Mr. Gates and his staff do not yet seem fully to grasp .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : More Layoffs At Motorola
''It 's a real boon to get critical pieces of infrastructure at such favorable rates , '' said Ramana Rao , the chief technology officer of Inxight Software , which broke away from Xerox early last year .
Chinese Political Prisoner Sues in U.S. Court , Saying Yahoo Helped Identify Dissidents
Each year that Mr. Seidenberg has been Verizon 's chief executive , a shareholder proposal has appeared on the company 's proxy that is critical of its executive pay .
I.B.M .
Boston Properties Inc. , the real estate company founded by the publisher of The Daily News , Mortimer Zuckerman , said yesterday that it had agreed to buy 280 Park Avenue , a complex of two large office towers between 48th Street and 49th Street , from the Bankers Trust Company for $ 321 million .
Coca-Cola 's subway ad is made up of saturated color images of cascading water .
''The reputation that management built over the last few years is shot , '' said Richard Bove , a banking analyst at Hoefer & Arnett , an independent research firm , in a report this month , adding that Bank of America ''is now selling at the lowest price-to-earnings multiple of the largest 100 banks in the United States . ''
Interpublic Group subsidiary Avrett Free & Ginsberg wins account of Del Laboratories division Del Pharmaceuticals ; billings are estimated at more than $ 10 million ( S )
Although Mr. Wallace first joined the network in 1951 , he departed four years later , returning again as a correspondent in 1963 , according to his biography on the CBS News Web site .
The widespread acclaim for the commercial , which sets scenes of footloose basketball players shot by Paul Hunter -- a director who also films music videos for recording artists like D'Angelo , Lenny Kravitz and Jennifer Lopez -- to a musical soundtrack , led Nike and Wieden & Kennedy to consider producing a longer version that would run on TV channels that play music videos .
My bet is that Northrop Grumman is the one that 's going to be dancing a real fast dance to figure out what it 's going to do . ''
Corporate software users fear Microsoft may be trying to set itself up as Web gatekeeper with its online identity system ; have formed Liberty Alliance to develop open and neutral standards for online identity systems , seemingly arcane technology that is seen as key to coming generation of Internet services and electronic commerce growth ; alliance has growing roster of major companies ; Microsoft is also finding its advances elsewhere slowed by wary industry partners and rivals ; photo ( M )
If cautious about the current quarter , Apple is optimistic for the long term .
In Atlanta , Marriott 's two downtown hotels , the Marriott Marquis and the Marriott Suites Midtown , formed a nonprofit partnership with two other hotels in the neighborhood and floated bonds to finance construction of a day care center .
For the last few years , Airbus and Boeing have been engaged in an all-out fight -- selling not just different aircraft , but different visions of air travel .
''As other technology companies were gazing at their navels , Corning was redressing its balance sheet sins , '' said James N. Kelleher , a senior analyst at Argus Research who has a buy recommendation on Corning shares .
The comments were made in a filing in United States District Court in Washington , as the antitrust battle between the Government and the Microsoft Corporation intensified .
wo n't recognize Verizon 's needs unless Verizon recognizes the C.W.A .
Bloomsbury developed the dictionary , selling international digital rights to Microsoft and the American rights to Holtzbrinck 's St. Martins Press .
Microsoft names Kevin Turner as its new chief operating officer ; Turner has 19-year career at Wal-Mart , where he rose to post of chief executive of company 's warehouse club division ; his career at Wal-Mart reviewed ( M )
I.B.M .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Amazon is told not to help anyone fake results ever again .
Coca-Cola of Atlanta , the world 's leading soft drink producer , denied the accusations made by the merger partners in Companhia de Bebidas das Americas , known as AmBev .
It is good news for the Boeing Company , which said only last week that weakening demand from Asia would force it to cut production of the 747 jumbo jet next year .
Just yesterday , the two largest toy makers , Mattel Inc. and Hasbro Inc. , warned that the decline in business from Toys ''R '' Us , their biggest customer , would result in first-quarter sales coming in below expectations .
Intel , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif. , has been trying to offer a product line that has separate chip designs for desktop computers and corporate server computers .
Berkshire had , as of the end of last year , an unrealized profit of $ 1.4 billion in Wells Fargo stock , for which it paid an average of about $ 76 a share .
Last November PBS 's ''Frontline '' series showed ''Is Wal-Mart Good for America ? , '' a 60-minute program produced by Rick Young and Hedrick Smith , a former correspondent for The New York Times .
Microsoft probably has many things to worry about at this moment other than a small start-up company in Texas with a relatively cheap , underpowered computer that has limited software , a clumsy mouse and a mediocre visual display .
Time Warner Inc. reported a 79 percent rise in profit yesterday , and said it was determined to improve cash flow in an effort to pay off its $ 18 billion in debt to provide more financial flexibility .
Motorola could decide against putting up a fight and offer Mr. Icahn a seat on the board , in part as a way to co-opt him .
More broadly , Microsoft 's anticompetitive actions trammeled the competitive process through which the computer software industry generally stimulates innovation and conduces to the optimum benefit of consumers . ''
Despite widespread applause on Wall Street -- Kodak 's stock rose 12 percent the day it released its earnings -- analysts cautioned that Kodak still had to prove it could increase revenues .
But Sony 's deal is much more complicated than Time Warner 's , which would be a relatively straightforward acquisition in which Time Warner would shutter most of MGM 's studio business -- except for the big franchise pictures like James Bond -- and merge the library into Warner 's vast collection .
Boeing said in a statement that ''there is a limited near-term market '' for the F-15 , though it hopes that the United States Air Force will order some this year , keeping the production line active for possible future sales .
He said that Mr. Lanier also improperly encouraged jurors to consider the publicity they might receive if they decided against Merck .
Eighteen states involved in Microsoft antitrust case seem headed for sharp split , with some planning to sign onto proposed settlement reached by Bush administration and others planning to challenge deal ; Massachusetts Atty Gen Thomas F Reilly says he will seek to block deal as harmful to competition and consumers ; California , Connecticut and some other states seek to persuade Microsoft and Justice Department to reopen deal to eliminate variety of ambiguities and provisions states view as too lenient ; opposition by some states is likely to at least delay case 's resolution for many months ; photos ( M )
Verizon will make it easier for the unions to organize some of the employees currently in nonunion jobs in the company 's wireless division , those close to the talks said .
A former Democratic New York attorney general , Robert Abrams , now with the law firm of Stroock & Stroock & Lavan , is representing H & R Block in this case .
Revealing another month of dismal sales , Gap Inc. said yesterday that sales in stores open at least a year fell 12 percent last month compared with a 1 percent decline in the month a year earlier .
As a major player in the television business , the News Corporation sells rights to cable channels like Fox News and FX to both cable and satellite operators .
If computer manufacturers were able to buy microprocessor chips from another company , then Intel 's behavior would not brush up against antitrust laws , the lawyers said .
Although SQL Server does not yet address the large-scale tasks tackled by Oracle 's products , more powerful Microsoft versions expected in late 1998 or in 1999 will begin to hit Oracle 's key markets .
Both Hewlett-Packard and I.B.M .
Mr. Zafirovski resigned as president and chief operating officer of Motorola in January after being bypassed for the job of chief executive of that company in 2003 .
Procter & Gamble 's fading Old Spice cologne and after-shave brand is going after younger generation with towelettes used to refresh and eliminate perspiration ; timed product launch to Spring Break , using 'towel girl team ' to distribute samples in 30-city nationwide tour ; new advertising drive shows men transformed after use ; photo ( M )
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , the nation 's second-largest securities firm and a darling of the investment industry , stumbled a bit on Wall Street yesterday .
Admittedly , Mr. Coupland is obsessed with this idea ; his main interest , once he brilliantly dissects the Microsoft youth culture , is to show how an unlikely group of nerds might actually become human in the machine-obsessed world of the Valley ( see his home page : http : //www.coupland.com ) .
The $ 70 billion company Mr. Murdoch built from a single newspaper inherited from his father in Australia now includes the Fox TV network and 20th Century Fox film studio , the Fox News Channel and other cable channels , and a swath of other interests including satellite TV businesses in Britain and Italy and the popular Web site MySpace.com .
As the settlement talks between Microsoft and the government foundered last weekend , so it appeared did the relationship between the Justice Department and the 19 state attorneys general who together filed antitrust suits against the software giant almost two years ago .
The effort is intended not only to raise the profile of the company 's $ 12 billion-a-year software business , but also to highlight the striking changes I.B.M .
Chevron 's Bet On Kazak Oil , A Long Shot , Is Paying Off
Most paper industry experts say Champion would be a better fit with International Paper , which says it can wring $ 425 million in costs out of both companies .
Those numbers are all the more remarkable because Forrester says that only about 20 percent of online shoppers are willing to venture onto eBay .
The suit , brought under the Alien Tort Claims Act , seeks damages and continuing medical care for those in the study , along with an order enjoining Pfizer from conducting illegal human experimentation anywhere in the world .
Such worries about Microsoft have little to do with intricacies of computer programming .
Electronic Arts , the video game maker , reported lower profit and earnings in its third quarter .
While Boeing would not discuss the reason for Mr. Womack 's departure , it said it remained committed to lean manufacturing .
In AT & T 's corporate lexicon , a `` manager '' may head a department or oversee only a personal computer , a cellular phone and a four-cylinder car , Burke Stinson , a company spokesman , said .
Verizon and other large local telephone companies are required to allow competitors ' employees free access to the locations they lease on their networks , although they sometimes conduct background checks or require special identification materials from these employees .
The shift came after Coca-Cola consolidated media planning and buying for North American brands .
's deal was a clear case of fraud because the Government was charged for work that was not performed and , further , that some of I.B.M .
Kodak also named Matthias Freund , 52 , chief operating officer of consumer imaging .
Sony and I.B.M .
The deal pairs Verizon , which is based in New York and is the nation 's largest regional telecommunications company , with the second-largest provider of telephone and Internet service to corporations across the country .
It took a few months , but from that start AOL and Time Warner were on course to attempt not just the biggest corporate merger in history , but to create perhaps the first true entity with a hand in all aspects of the converging entertainment and technology industries .
Amgen-Immunex Deal Spurs Forecasts About Others
As a result , stores like Kohl 's , Kmart and Wal-Mart became resigned to selling last season 's trends , year after year .
What was not mentioned was just how much cash , or perhaps debt , Lockheed Martin was paying to get rid of those businesses and to let General Electric out of its position .
Citigroup will no longer accept financing deals involving certain projects and corporations criticized by Rainforest Action Network on environmental grounds ; will not finance commercial logging in rain forests or projects that harm indigenous populations and will report greenhouse gas emissions of energy projects it does finance ; changes will not apply to current Citigroup deals ( M )
This is a rivalry that made it all the way to the Senate Judiciary Committee last year , with Real Networks accusing Microsoft of anti-competitive practices , namely , the failure of an early version of the Windows Media Player to recognize Real Networks software .
Starbucks , started in the early 1970 's in Seattle 's Pike Place Market , last month reported the most profitable quarter in its history , selling more than a $ 1 billion of lattes and other coffee confections .
Much of the discussion in the classroom , she knows , will focus on the activities of a single company , Texas Instruments , which happens to be her employer .
According to AT & T , the I.B.M .
Motorola Inc. , the semiconductor and wireless communications giant that shocked high-tech investors this summer by reporting declining profits for the second quarter , today reported an even sharper earnings decline for the three months that ended Sept. 30 .
AT & T Corp retained two top seach firms in its hunt for new president , practice used only once before , with top job at IBM in 1993 ; AT & T 's search started just as it ended : in secret , long before outside world even knew that it needed new No 2 executive ; AT & T asked Dennis C Carey at Spencer Stuart and Paul C McCartney at Korn/Ferry International to each make list of candidates for job ; John R Walter , chairman of R R Donnelley & Sons , was on both lists ; photo ( M )
Gives AT & T a Green Light on Liberty Media Spinoff
Merck said yesterday that it had received a subpoena from the Justice Department ''requesting information related to the company 's research , marketing and selling activities with respect to Vioxx . ''
Microsoft says it was doing the right thing : paying a German rights holder $ 16 million to license the MP3 audio format , the foundation of the digital music boom .
I trust Butler , '' he said , referring to Butler Lampson , a longtime software designer and one of Microsoft 's chief computer security designers .
Is Set To Order Jets From Boeing
Wim Roelandts , the chief executive , said the six-year-old Dublin operation accounted for 30 percent of revenue from programmable logic chips , which incorporate Xilinx 's core technology .
Few managers are better cast in the role of fixer than David W. Thursfield , the most intense Ford Motor executive this side of Jacques Nasser , the deposed chief executive .
Interpublic Group of Companies in New York as acquires Media First International in New York ( S )
David Jones , a Kentucky entrepreneur , founded Humana with a partner in 1961 .
A suggested behavioral remedy is to force Microsoft to publish at one time the software hooks , or application program interfaces , to which rival software makers must write programs if they are to run on Windows .
Instead , Pfizer insisted that Vioxx was unique and that there was no evidence of a class effect .
Apple Computer Inc shuffles top management but fails to announce much-anticipated reorganization ; co-founders , Steven P Jobs and Stephen Wozniak , will join its executive committee as advisers to chairman and chief executive Gilbert F Amelio executive ; other executive changes noted ( M )
I.B.M .
Microsoft , though , has been covering its bets on network-access technology .
Interpublic is the world 's No.3 agency company in revenue , behind the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group , and owns agencies like Campbell-Ewald , Deutsch , Foote Cone & Belding , Draft , Initiative and WeberShandwick .
With Boeing laying off 19,000 machinists over the last decade , the union is eager for Boeing to rehire more American workers rather than move its work overseas .
The partnership marks Microsoft 's first venture into home console video games .
The standard , first popularized by Apple Computer in its Airport line of wireless products last year , is now being embraced so quickly that it is touching off a wireless ''air rush '' as start-up companies and telecommunication vendors vie to lock up valuable sites at airports , hotels and other public hot spots .
Omnicom will have a core team of eight or so executives devoted to Bank of America , Ms. Ellis said , working with employees of Omnicom agencies like BBDO Worldwide , for ads ; Cultura , which creates campaigns aimed at Hispanics ; Javelin , specializing in customer-relationship management ; OMD , a media services agency ; Organic , which specializes in interactive marketing ; and the Radiate Group , specializing in events and sports marketing .
A Boeing official said that ''it 's premature to begin to speculate on '' the business impact of the explosion .
Procter , the largest client for Grey and Publicis , spent a total of $ 3.8 billion on advertising last year , according to Advertising Age .
Mr. Little says that the price Coca-Cola Enterprises charges him is higher than what he can get elsewhere .
The new group -- which includes the Blackstone Group , Thomas H. Lee Partners , Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners -- has split not only with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts , but with its members ' other first-round partners : the Texas Pacific Group ; Goldman Sachs Capital Partners , the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs ; and CSFB Private Equity , the private-equity arm of Credit Suisse First Boston , these people said .
In 1995 , when he became chief executive of the Halliburton Company , a Dallas oil services company , he received an annual salary and bonus of $ 1.3 million to $ 3 million , along with stock options and Halliburton shares .
At times , Verizon and its unions have had a strong partnership .
As part of the Sony partnership , I.B.M .
The man who started CNN two decades ago , was Ted Turner , Time Warner 's 61-year-old vice chairman and its largest shareholder .
This week 's debacle in Procter & Gamble , in which a moderate profit shortfall caused the maker of Tide and Crest to shed $ 40 billion in market value , may be a precursor of what will happen as other beloved stocks fall by the wayside .
She had spent most of her career at the bank and its predecessors and will be on Microsoft 's audit committee .
''There 's going to be a shootout in Times Square between Nasdaq , Reuters , Morgan Stanley and Dow Jones , '' said George N. Stonbely , president of Spectacolor Communications , the electronic sign company that designed the giant Kodak , Hertz and AT & T signs on the face of the Marriott Marquis hotel , at Broadway and 47th Street .
Shares of Marriott closed at $ 30.93 yesterday , down 33 cents .
Adding to the problem , Nike requires retailers to order shoes five months before delivery .
Now it is Citigroup 's turn .
Mattel attributed that shortfall to weakness in the Barbie brand .
Advanced Micro said the Athlon 4 would improve performance by as much as 15 percent compared with previous versions , potentially widening its speed edge over Intel .
With Windows XP , Microsoft plans to integrate Internet shopping , music and instant-messaging services tightly into the operating system .
The officials say that their goal is to create competition in the operating-system market -- or to put sharp limits on Microsoft 's ability to exercise monopoly power .
Like many chemical companies , DuPont 's costs soared when high energy prices were made worse by Hurricanes Rita and Katrina .
With so much dialogue going on , it is not clear that Comcast has made the initial overture in each case or what its precise motive has been .
General Motors and the Ford Motor Company , two of the state 's three largest employers , said Tuesday that their sales continued to fall last month .
Shares of Ford rose 12.5 cents yesterday , to $ 32.375 , while shares of Chrysler fell 25 cents , to $ 34.50 , and General Motors shares declined 50 cents , to $ 57.375 .
As Comcast 's president , Brian Roberts , pointed out to analysts and reporters yesterday in back-to-back meetings , a $ 7,000 investment in Comcast when the company went public in 1972 would be worth $ 3.9 million today .
Some companies have paid hundreds of thousands of dollars , but others , like Morgan Stanley , have gone to court to obtain addresses that they claim are rightfully theirs .
Intel reports strong demand for its computer chip products and says revenue was up nearly 10 percent in fourth quarter , to $ 9.6 billion , while profit dipped slightly , to $ 2.1 billion compared with $ 2.2 billion year earlier ; gives upbeat forecast for coming year ; president Paul S Otellini comments ( M )
In the meantime , Time Warner 's start-up , iPublish , is already considering ways to experiment with the very form of the book .
''Our lawsuit was in the works but the filing was accelerated by the recall , '' said Don S. Strong , a lawyer who filed a suit against Merck on Thursday in the United States District Court in Oklahoma City .
But he said Pfizer would probably attract some customers who now buy competing products , and the company expected to enroll some people whose illnesses now go untreated .
As the day wore on , Mr. Boies showed several documents suggesting that the real reason Microsoft was concerned about modifications to Windows was that the manufacturers ' screens covered up the icon for Microsoft 's Web browser , Internet Explorer .
The Intel microprocessors in personal computers and most Intel-powered server computers process data in chunks of 32 bits .
Xerox expects to have new numbers , including those for the quarter ended in March , available by June 30 .
To address a separate finding of monopoly influence , the commission ordered Microsoft to release a second version of Windows that did not have its Media Player software attached .
Medtronic is also to announce today that it has begun a second clinical trial in the United States focused on the device 's ability to help patients with Type 2 diabetes reduce body weight .
Merck executives said they analyzed these findings on Sunday and Monday and informed members of the Merck board on Tuesday .
Notwithstanding the extent to which these ''exclusive '' distribution agreements preempted the most efficient channels for Navigator to achieve browser usage share , however , the Court concludes that Microsoft 's multiple agreements with distributors did not ultimately deprive Netscape of the ability to have access to every PC user worldwide to offer an opportunity to install Navigator .
ET CETERA -- Virgin Atlantic Airways says it will offer free Wi-Fi connections in all of its Upper Class clubhouses ( the airport lounges for business-class passengers ) by the end of the year According to a study by YPB & R , about half of hotel guests say a free breakfast as part of the room rate is ''very '' or ''extremely '' influential in their choice of lodging Continuing its aggressive international expansion , Delta Air Lines has started nonstop service five times a week between Atlanta and Vienna .
Another potential suitor , Frank Zarb , the former chairman of Nasdaq who has expressed interest in buying Newsday in the past , did not return calls seeking comment .
At yesterday 's stock price of $ 17.97 a share , Time Warner was valued at $ 84 billion .
In addition to the $ 8 billion in components that Acer is expected to buy from I.B.M .
The Netscape Communications Corporation , meanwhile , hopes to blunt the impact of Microsoft 's rollout by demonstrating its own Web-to-P.C .
Combined with $ 2.6 billion in charges announced by the company in October , Boeing has effectively written off about half of its shareholder equity , or assets minus liabilities , in the last three months as it has struggled with production problems in the manufacture of its flagship commercial jets .
It offers a beautiful phone that fits sweetly in your hand , displays photos on a big , bright touch screen , does e-mail and Web browsing just about as well as a cellphone can -- and doubles as a Palm organizer , effortlessly synchronizing its calendar , address book and Microsoft Office documents with your Mac or PC .
and Motorola have also developed a new type of Power PC chip with very low power consumption , for use in portable computers and some entry-level machines , the companies said .
Closer to home , Microsoft is being sued in an antitrust action by Caldera , a maker of Internet software based in Provo , Utah .
Two top-ranking executives of the insurance brokerage unit at Marsh & McLennan Company and the company 's general counsel were forced out yesterday as Marsh took another step in reorganizing after being accused of cheating customers through bid-rigging and price-fixing .
The company , which could fetch as much as $ 2 billion , has hired Goldman Sachs to help it find buyers and study alternatives , these people said .
The change in tone by the communications workers surprised Verizon executives , who early in the day were hinting that the talks might be nearing an end .
Prudential and Wachovia Said to Be Near Merging Units
Publicis , which lost a hostile takeover bid for True North in 1997 , described the price Interpublic is paying as at the bottom end of expectations .
Beginning Monday in San Jose , Microsoft plans a conference for commercial site developers on the World Wide Web , and Sun Microsystems is to introduce its first network computer on Tuesday .
Merck had claimed that lawyers for Mr. Ernst 's family had not given the company sufficient notice of their plans to call her and that her testimony might unfairly harm the defense .
Most major auto makers , including Ford Motor Co , DaimlerChrysler AG and American Honda , report record sales for February ; sales rose 8 percent , to 319,340 vehicles at Ford ; sales at DaimlerChrysler totaled 215,450 unit , up 8 percent over year ago ; Honda reports record car and truck sales of 81,910 units , up 14 percent from year ago ; Volkswagen reports its best February in 18 years ; Audi had best February since 1986 ; Volvo , Subaru and Kia also report higher sales ( M )
Surrounded by this wreckage , new arrivals from abroad like Costco and Carrefour , the French chain that is the world 's second-largest retailer , are attempting nothing less than the re-education of the Japanese consumer .
Shell 's view of Exxon Mobil 's conservative accounting squares with that company 's own assessment .
Procter & Gamble and Worldwide Magnifi are forming company that will offer marketing knowledge , applications and technology infrastructure to other companies ( S )
In asking for the injunction , Sun said that if it waited until its lawsuit against Microsoft was settled it would be too far behind to compete even if it prevailed .
Social issues are pulling Wal-Mart Stores in differing directions ; company 's management broadcast two-part message to its one million employees over television monitors in stores after Federal Judge Martin J Jenkins ruled last week that lawsuit charging retail chain with discrimination against women could proceed as class action covering about 1.65 million current and former employees ; employees were told that ruling means there was no finding of guilt and it was all about class , but company plans to appeal ; second part of message said that when lawsuit is over , company will be better place ; Wal-Mart 's plans for future appear uncertain ; on one hand , it bans certain magazines from its stores , fights matters ranging from shareholder proposals to federal lawsuits , and justifies strategies by quoting long-dead founder Samuel L Walton in obsolete manner of Chinese quoting Chairman Mao ; on other hand , in last year , Wal-Mart created office of diversity , announced it would protect gay workers from workplace discrimination , and pledged to promote women in same proportion that they apply for management jobs , promising to penalize senior executives if that does not come to pass ; photos ( M )
Citigroup shares are down nearly 38 percent this year .
And it tracks well with one of Apple 's peripheral products , AirPort Express , which makes it possible to stream digital audio wirelessly to speakers in different rooms of a home .
The problem , on jets made by Boeing and by others , is the operation of the air-conditioners on hot days .
Last year , Apple sold 32 million iPods , or one every second .
In a related initiative , Kellogg said it would introduce Nutrition at a Glance labels on the top right corner of cereal boxes this year .
The Interpublic Group of Companies said yesterday that as expected it would combine two big media services units -- Western International Media in Los Angeles and Initiative Media Worldwide in Paris -- to form an agency that would be the world 's largest in terms of total media billings handled .
The Hummer line of vehicles marketed to civilians is sold through General Motors as part of a marketing deal struck between AM General and G.M .
Apple reported its results after the market closed .
Mr. Trevino said Allstate thought the agents and their lawyers had several choices .
But if the Court of Appeals rules in Microsoft 's favor , as this adviser and many Microsoft supporters expect , then the Justice Department would not be likely to appeal that loss to the Supreme Court , the adviser added .
The intent , say people who are aware of the company 's strategy , is to lower its vulnerability to Microsoft by adding businesses that are ''sticky '' -- in other words , businesses that create strong customer loyalty or are hard to switch away from .
Lehman , RBS Greenwich Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch were the biggest underwriters of mortgage-backed securities in 2006 , with Lehman controlling 10.7 percent of the market and underwriting $ 51.8 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities , according to Inside Mortgage Finance .
For its fiscal fourth quarter , which ended July 31 , Cisco reported pro forma earnings , excluding acquisition-related charges , of $ 727 million , or 21 cents a diluted share , up 38 percent from $ 525 million , or 16 cents a share , a year earlier .
Celebrity , owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , has made changes to two of the Celebrity Century 's Adriatic cruises .
Moreover , if Microsoft attempts to integrate Web search features directly into its coming Longhorn operating system , it could restart the bitter feud that led to the government antitrust case that grew out of Netscape 's failure .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : I.B.M .
''It 's a much tougher thing to swallow than if it was AT & T , because Verizon thinks of SBC as a peer . ''
SCO 's total market value is about $ 111 million , nearly eight times that in February , before SCO sued I.B.M .
Paul A. Allaire , the former chief executive who had moved up to chairman , took back the chief 's spot , and Anne M. Mulcahy , a 24-year Xerox employee , became the president and heir apparent .
Johnson & Johnson shares fell 58 cents yesterday , to $ 59.12 .
But analysts also question the government argument -- that a breakup is needed because Microsoft , left unchecked , threatens to use its desktop monopoly to capture the markets for servers and handheld devices .
Still , Goldman 's assets under management are much smaller than those of its rivals , Merrill , Morgan Stanley and Citigroup .
But like many online shopping purchases , most of my dealings with small , unknown retailers have been eBay auction transactions .
Dr. Joe Stubbs , an internist in Valdosta , Ga. , said that Humana now ''seems to be working honestly and desperately to make it right . ''
Comcast has already signed a confidentiality deal with AT & T as it , too , vies to acquire the unit .
Russia 's energy ministry is now revisiting some deals signed in the 1990 's , like Exxon Mobil 's Sakhalin-3 concession in the Sakhalin Islands off Japan in 1993 .
In the government 's view , Microsoft is trying to change the subject with arguments like these .
The move by Hewlett-Packard will bring it increasingly into competition with major copier manufacturers like Xerox , Ricoh , Canon and Minolta as it seeks new ways to expand its printer business .
EBay said yesterday that it would buy Skype Technologies , the Internet phone provider based in Luxembourg , for $ 2.6 billion in cash and stock , a move that eBay hopes will bolster trading on its online auction site .
After the plaintiffs rested , lawyers for Merck opened their case by calling Dr. Alan S. Nies , a retired senior scientist at Merck who was in charge of Vioxx 's development program .
Now some working in the technology field are starting to draw comparisons between Google and Microsoft , the company in Redmond , Wash. , that Silicon Valley loves most to hate .
The order would be the first large-scale purchase of Boeing aircraft since it announced an extensive cutback last week because of slowing demand , mostly from Asian customers .
If AT & T 's stock stays where it is , SBC , which the market now values at $ 125 billion , could come along and offer a 50 percent premium to AT & T 's shareholders and still give away less than 20 percent of the merged company .
Mr. Perelman 's lawyers contended that Morgan Stanley did not disclose this damaging information because it would earn $ 33 million from advising Sunbeam and underwriting the bond offering , once the deal closed .
Two of the campaigns , for Gillette and I.B.M. , began during Super Bowl XXXVIII on Feb. 1 ; the third , for Adidas , started four days later .
A.T. & T. told analysts yesterday that its 1991 telephone traffic , or minutes of use , rose about 6.5 percent from the period a year ago , but it did not disclose an exact number .
Before I.B.M .
Amgen said that it would acquire the privately held Kinetix Pharmaceuticals for $ 170 million in stock .
''The network computer itself is just the tip of the iceberg , '' said Phil Hester , vice president of network computing at I.B.M .
AngloGold , which is vying with the Newmont Mining Corporation for Normandy Mining , an Australian company , is formally challenging its rival through the Australian Takeover Panel .
Sales , as expected , fell off from the holiday quarter , when Apple sold 14 million iPods .
These people say Ms. Sengstacke persuaded two brothers , Saief , 24 , and Omhari , 20 , to sign a letter to Northern Trust notifying it of their dissatisfaction .
But Mr. Sears ' departure from Boeing amid a contracting scandal has led some industry analysts and experts on corporate governance to examine his ties to Sprint .
The Microsoft Network has worked out some glitches that prevented prospective members from signing up last week , and deterred existing members from upgrading their on-line service and checking their accounts .
( Motorola , its nearest competitor , held roughly 17 percent of the market . )
Cooks talked of outings to Costco and Stew Leonard 's , which opened in Yonkers in 1999 and now counts on 20 percent of its customers to come from Manhattan .
The hourlong annual meeting was Interpublic 's 43rd , but the first since its litany of financial and operational woes began to unfold last August .
That is a question implicity raised by Microsoft , which in its federal antitrust appeal has contended that the trial it lost was so technical and esoteric that the presiding judge was unable to comprehend the facts .
Microsoft Describes a Successful Year and Talks of More
The brief provides the first look at the Government 's view of the depositions of senior Microsoft leaders in recent days .
Polo Ralph Lauren Corp names DDB Needham New York as first agency to handle worldwide brand strategy as well as international and regional domestic media placement ; billings estimated at $ 40 million ; Long Distance International names Lieber Levett Koenig Farese Babcock as its first agency ; billings estimated at $ 10 million ; Triton PCS Inc names West & Vaughan to introduce wireless digital telephone network in Southeast ; billings estimated at $ 7 million ( S )
Michael E. Kassan , president for North American operations at Western Initiative Media Worldwide in Los Angeles , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies , has sued Western and Interpublic for breach of contract and defamation of character , asking for damages totaling $ 63.5 million .
Corporate headquarters will be in Westborough , Mass. , where Staples is based .
Craig Mundie , Microsoft 's senior vice president for consumer platforms , said : ''A few months ago people said this train was coming down the track and could n't be stopped .
Information about both suites is at www.microsoft.com/products/works .
In addition to the paid version of Eudora 6 for Windows and Macintosh , many mail programs for home users have built-in filters , including Microsoft Outlook 2003 and Apple Mail .
With an iMac to go , Apple 's chief executive , Steve Jobs , said yesterday at the Macworld trade show in New York City .
It was brought by Alida Hernandez and James Moore , both of whom worked at an I.B.M .
General Dynamics shares closed at $ 81.76 yesterday , down $ 3.04 .
Thousands of people still use old computers out of feeling of nostalgia , desire for simplicity and appreciation for classic design ; Douglas Cotton , editor of Commodore World magazine , estimates that million Commodores , in model introduced in 1982 , are still in service around world ; old Apple computers and Sinclair Spectrums are also popular ; one old Apple fan likens it to driving classic car ; many users of vintage machines also own up-to-date computers hundreds of times as fast and much more powerful than their old ones ; they keep their 8-bit machines around to remind them how they started with computers ; several Web sites have been created to buy and sell vintage computers and their components ; photos ( M )
In fact , she said in an interview , she was buoyed by Xerox 's performance and prospects , at least in North America .
There is also a certain marketing advantage in getting people to switch to Pfizer drugs from other manufacturers ' drugs .
Researchers at the Palo Alto Research Center modified a program used for scanning text to create a program that could solve certain types of Yahoo-Gimpy puzzles , says Dr. Henry Baird , who was in charge of that effort .
Continuing its effort to squeeze revenue out of customers who once used its services free , Yahoo said it intended to change the way it charges sellers on its auction site .
But she and Mr. Willumstad said they did not think the contraction of that business would significantly affect Citigroup 's earnings .
Microsoft also sponsored a performance tour for Mr. Martin and his Comedy Central special , which was shown last night .
Boeing 's harder line is also a reflection of how Mr. Stonecipher views his role -- as being more outspoken than his predecessor , Philip M. Condit .
Dr. Bruce Psaty , a professor of medicine and epidemiology at the University of Washington , said that the trial would have been more meaningful if Merck had used naproxen -- sold over the counter as Aleve -- as a comparison drug , rather than diclofenac .
Surprising some analysts , Coca-Cola Enterprises , the largest bottler for the Coca-Cola Company , announced yesterday that its chief executive , Henry A. Schimberg , would retire at the end of the year , three months earlier than expected .
Dr Lester M Crawford , acting commissioner of Food and Drug Administration , says top federal drug reviewers immediately recognized importance of study showing cardiovascular risks of painkiller Vioxx ; releases statement ahead of Senate hearing and in response to criticism that his agency tried to stifle conclusions of one of its own drug safety experts that Vioxx was unsafe ; also backs away from statements last week by agency officials that Dr Curt Furberg , professor of public health sciences at Wake Forest University , had been removed from advisory committee because he publicly questioned safety of Bextra , drug in same class as Vioxx , called COX-2 inhibitors ; advisory committee is scheduled to meet early next year to discuss safety of Pfizer 's Celebrex and Bextra , painkilled that are also COX-2 drugs ; key witness at Senate hearing will be Dr David Graham , FDA safety reviewer who co-authored study critical of Vioxx and then complained in e-mail messages that his supervisors denigrated his conclusions ( M )
Mr. Palmer and Craig R. Barrett , Intel 's president and chief operating officer , have been talking about a settlement intermittently since Digital filed its lawsuit in May , charging that Intel had violated 10 of its patents -- many related to Alpha technology -- with Intel 's best-selling Pentium , Pentium Pro and Pentium II microprocessors .
Rather , he said , such information could be made available to law enforcement , say , by subpoena , under circumstances Comcast could not control .
NORTEL NETWORKS FORMS AN ALLIANCE WITH MICROSOFT
''Although the defendants sometimes meekly challenged manipulative topside accounting devices at Xerox , they were easily satisfied by untested , self-serving management explanations , '' the S.E.C .
Oracle Corp formally introduces next generation of its own database software ; also announces flat rates for use of its database , replacing variable rate ( M )
That is but one means by which Microsoft hopes to become the standard-setter , and software seller , for the computerized TV set-top boxes that are expected eventually to replace current cable tuners in the predicted convergence of computing and cable television .
As it now stands , Verizon will win the most licenses , but at a heavy cost .
Starbucks and Concord , which together sold six million copies of ''Genius Loves Company , '' have packaged the new album with some purposeful allusions .
As a result , Comcast withheld $ 45 million in revenue for the first six months , the documents showed .
And I can heartily endorse the claim that Time Warner needed someone else 's expertise to develop its Internet profile .
`` The significance is that this is the first concrete step by A.T. & T. outside the equipment business to globalize its business . ''
Mr. Dreher , of Deutsche Bank , expects Wal-Mart to expand aggressively there .
More significant from Ireland 's standpoint , people like Mr. Barre and his colleague Marion Belondrade , 28 -- both recruited directly from I.B.M .
AGP , which Intel will offer on its higher-performance Pentium Pro systems in the year 's second half , will raise the memory bandwidth from 100 megabytes to 500 megabytes a second .
''Microsoft does n't need to innovate because there is no serious competitor to Explorer any more . ''
But this view is in sharp contrast to the stance taken by all of the large cable operators , including AT & T and Time Warner Cable , which maintain that because they have invested billions of dollars to rewire their systems to handle two-way communications , they should be paid by any programmer or advertiser that chooses to conduct business via those networks .
Crispin Porter Named To Gap 's Agency Roster
In the Microsoft strategy , Passport becomes the user 's path to tapping into the Internet rather than a specific hardware device .
But it has tried the patience of creditors , principally the group led by Goldman Sachs .
At least another year or two of research is needed before I.B.M .
Few companies have ever enjoyed a product success like Boston Scientific did when it introduced its Taxus stent to the American market 16 months ago .
Cruise lines , including Carnival Cruise Lines and Kvaerner 's Cunard Lines , are accepting reservations for cruises departing or under way on Dec 31 , 1999 ; Air France passengers between Paris and US are forbidden to smoke in their seats , but airline has added smokers ' bars that are open throughout the flight except at mealtime ; PKF Consulting , international hotel consulting firm , predicts that average occupancy for US hotels in 1996 will be 1 percent greater than last year ; Pan Pacific Hotels ' Mauna Lani Bay , resort on Kohala Coast of Hawaii , will close from May 9 through Aug 1 next year for $ 10 million renovation ( L )
Her presentation appeared strong , but she gave Mr. Lanier an opening at the end when she told jurors that a verdict in favor of Merck would actually relieve Ms. Ernst of any guilt over her husband 's death .
History of Time Warner Inc in light of America Online Inc 's acquisition of company ; notes company was founded in 1923 when Henry R Luce and Briton Hadden , with borrowed $ 86,375 , introduced Time magazine ; chart on major events in company history , 1923-2000 ; photos ( M )
Wal-Mart is appealing that vote .
''After this inventory correction , we will begin to see growth again in the second half , and Intel , with their revamped product line , is well positioned to take advantage of that growth . ''
The company , which has not completed its review of the errors , said they would not affect Goodyear 's cash position or its access to credit lines .
MBNA announced last month that it had handed out more than 300,000 cards with the American Express logo .
In 1984 , AT & T was finally broken apart in a court-ordered divestiture and lost two-thirds of its assets ; the new company had seven regional telephone holding companies , or ''Baby Bells , '' including one later renamed Verizon .
The ruling is also expected to order Microsoft to license more secret code in Windows to allow rivals to build software that works smoothly with Windows , and to fine Microsoft 100 million euros ( $ 122 million ) to 1 billion euros .
Lucent Technologies signs contract to supply $ 5 billion worth of equipment , software and services to Verizon Wireless , reaffirming its role as primary vendor to country 's largest cellphone company ; agreement includes $ 525 million contract companies signed in March under which Lucent would help Verizon Wireless build its next-generation cellular network , which sends data up to 14 times faster than current speeds ( M )
Rob Brenner , senior director of medical affairs at Amgen , said the company had always promoted use of its drugs in accordance with the more cautious F.D.A .
Motorola added that the charges were ''largely offset '' by the sale of securities .
Goldman Sachs Drops Plans For New Tower at Plaza Site
The appeals court decision , according to antitrust experts , provides a road map to the future of the Microsoft suit -- laying out the principles that should be applied in resolving the case , either by settlement negotiations or by court-ordered remedies .
Many Conrail shareholders , however , have found Norfolk Southern 's offer enticing , a sentiment many have conveyed to Conrail 's directors .
Piece by piece , at 47th Street and Broadway , the Coca-Cola Company is erecting a 30-ton , $ 6.5-million advertising sign , traditionally called a spectacular on the Great White Way .
''Apple 's intention is not really to shake down as much as shake out , '' said Richard Doherty , president of Envisioneering , a computer industry consulting firm .
Although DuPont portrays itself as a new-product mill -- Mr. Holliday says that a third of last year 's revenues came from products that were less than five years old -- analysts say too many of the new products represent incremental improvements .
Amazon has already moved far from its beginnings as a bookseller , having added music , videos , toys and consumer electronics .
Dick Davidson , chairman of the Union Pacific Corporation , the railroad 's parent company , called the merger the ultimate solution to service backups , rather than their cause .
Boeing Co says earings plunged 91 percent in first quarter , falling below estimates of Wall Street analysts ; revenue rose 24 percent , to $ 12.9 billion , from $ 10.4 billion in year-earlier quarter ( M )
Linux is finding new acceptance based largely on an endorsement of the technology by I.B.M .
Microsoft expects PC shipments to grow 16 percent to 17 percent , he said .
Is Urged to Block Oracle Bid
Amid this uncertainty , Oracle reported fourth-quarter earnings yesterday that beat expectations slightly and showed a rise in revenues from new licenses .
Amazon said gross profit -- revenue minus cost of goods sold -- would exceed $ 210 million .
Separate from its announcement with Wal-Mart , Dell said yesterday that it planned to sell three new computers -- two desktops and one laptop -- loaded with the Linux operating system .
Tensions remain high between offices of Mary J White , US Attorney for Southern District of New York , and District Attorney Robert Morgenthau , which have been sparring over which should take the lead in prosecuting cases of Wall Street fraud ; state prosecutors are continuing to pursue charges against Marisa Baridis , former compliance officer at Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discovery , whose indictment on Federal charges of insider trading brought feud into the open ; Morgenthau has strong interest in white-collar crime and has been preparing carefully for latest round of financial investigations ; each site claims to be tougher than the other when it comes to convictions and sentences , but the statistics seem inconclusive ; photos ( M )
And McDonald 's attempts to add items that would appeal to new cravings has yielded far more failures than successes .
General Motors said on Wednesday that it overstated its 2001 results by as much as $ 400 million , or 35 percent , and said that it might have to restate results for the following years as well .
While all four investors are lured by the lucrative returns , Bank of America and JPMorgan may expect additional strategic benefits .
Correction : May 23 , 2001 , Wednesday A headline in Business Day yesterday with the Market Place column , about a decision by Staples to buy back shares of Staples.com , referred to the online business incorrectly .
The joint state-federal plan calls for breaking Microsoft roughly in half .
For the Scratch-Less discs , Mr. Kuchman worked with engineers from General Electric to develop what the company says is a much more scratch-resistant coating than others on the market .
Power Computing and Be officials said that their agreement would not affect any negotiations under way between Apple and Be .
Indeed , Mr. Ivester , in a reference to Coca-Cola 's global expansion , said , ''We strive to see not just the many places Coke is , but all the places Coke is not . ''
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co says net income fell 26 percent , to $ 1.21 billion , in quarter ended Nov 30 , compared with $ 1.63 billion in quarter a year earlier ; Goldman Sachs Group says net income fell 20.5 percent , to $ 601 million , compared with $ 756 million in period a year earlier ( M )
Analysts said yesterday that if Procter altered its agency lineup after the merger , the changes were more likely to come among the media agencies that plan and buy commercial time and advertising space rather than those specializing in creation .
The retailing program had its genesis a year ago , when Kodak bought a controlling interest in the CPI Corporation 's Fox Photo Film unit , a chain of 550 photofinishing stores .
AT & T executives tried to put the best face on the situation .
We are Boeing . ''
Scott Sassa , the executive who led the Turner Broadcasting System 's aggressive expansion in the entertainment industry , will resign from the company when the expected merger with Time Warner Inc. is completed next month , executives familiar with Mr. Sassa 's plans said yesterday .
Word of the criminal investigation eclipsed much of the good news that had come out of Xerox of late .
Stock market reacts cautiously to improved earnings reports from Ford Motor Co and General Motors Corp because companies are making money largely as banks lending money and their competitors like Toyota Motor Corp are far more profitable in industry 's core business of manufacturing cars and trucks ; GM reports second-quarter earnings totaled $ 1.3 billion , up 49 percent from period year earlier ; Ford reports $ 1.17 billion in net income in second quarter ; auto sales in Asia remains especially lucrative for GM , which has capitalized more successfully on surging Chinese market than Ford has ; photo ; map ; chart ( M )
Although its cellular data phones are just now becoming available commercially , Microsoft has 31 companies manufacturing portable hardware based on Microsoft 's software , and the company has announced alliances with 12 service operators in the cellular phone business .
Citigroup helped Parmalat set up an offshore investment vehicle to shift loans among the company 's units .
''This is not a ploy , '' one Micron official said .
Microsoft , of course , stands accused by the Justice Department of unfairly using its control of the Windows operating system to stifle the market for Internet browser software from Netscape Communications -- a company that America Online now owns .
Yahoo says it will soon offer its users software they can use to comb through their e-mail messages and files on their desktops ; will offer its users version of software package from X1 Technologies ( S )
A month after Yahoo , the Internet service , eliminated a section that offered pornographic videos from its shopping area , the company has begun making it harder for users to find sexually explicit chat rooms and clubs .
Robin Lanahan , director of domestic marketing for women 's apparel at Nike , said , ''If you think of the size and image of the Nike brand and the fact that it was founded by men , yes , its roots are in the male athlete . ''
Companies move to reassure investors , day after Dow Jones stock average tumbled 512 points , by announcing plans to buy back shares ; planned buybacks by Boeing Co , Comcast Corp , Movie Gallery Inc and Sinclair Broadcast Group noted ; some analysts say buybacks can be sign of weak company desperately trying to improve prospects for short term ; say money some companies are using to repurchase shares might better be spent on development of new products or purchase of more efficient machinery ( M )
But Yahoo executives dismissed reports that it was rapidly losing to Google in share of overall searches .
Mr. Bader , like other analysts , suggested that the candidates did not want to choose between Microsoft and others in the computer industry .
The effort is an extension of an agreement in December 1999 under which Motorola took a minority stake in Palm .
In written testimony last month , Bill Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , asserted that while Windows enabled the display of on-screen windows , its ambitions were much larger .
The development of Core chips is the first in a series of bet-the-company moves that Mr. Otellini is making to stave off the challenge posed by Intel 's rival , Advanced Micro Devices .
It is on Duralite , Kodak 's premium-priced new untearable photographic inkjet paper , and on Kodak Picture Processing , a new retail service that gives customers the option of paying more for prints made on Duralite .
Bridgestone/Firestone hopes to win back public confidence by quietly acknowledging that it has made some faulty tires while also trying to shift much of the blame for scores of accidents to the Ford Motor Company .
Some analysts suggest that Microsoft will try to drag out the case until the Clinton administration leaves office in January 2001 and a new president appoints a new chief of the Justice Department 's antitrust division .
''As we step up the use of Time Warner content on America Online sites , if it is going to be appealing to America Online users it 's because of the integrity it has , '' he said .
The I.B.M.-Lenovo episode should prompt Congress to review the authority of the investment committee , which dates from the cold war , said Michael R. Wessel , a member of the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission , a group established by Congress .
Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , earned $ 1.38 billion , or 55 cents a share , in the second quarter , compared with $ 933 million , or 37 cents a share , in the corresponding period last year .
''They are also telling us , the associates , that our schedules will be drastically changed , '' the employees , known as associates at Wal-Mart , wrote .
For Creative Artists , the loss of Hasbro is hardly a show-stopper .
Outsiders looking for clues into Mr. Palmisano 's strategic bent have been impressed by his aggressive backing , starting in late 1999 , of I.B.M .
Apple said it was investigating whether RealNetworks 's move violated the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or other intellectual property laws .
VERIZON WORKERS FORM PICKET LINES AS TALKS CONTINUE
Stocks rise after Pres Bush proposes hefty package of government spending and tax breaks to revive national economy , which appears headed toward recession after terrorist attacks ; technology stocks , helped in large part by encouraging words from Cisco Systems , lead market , with Nasdaq composite index gaining nearly 6 percent ; Nasdaq climbs 88.48 points , to 1,580.81 ; Dow Jones industrial average gains 173.19 points , to 9,123.78 ; Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index rises 20.95 points , to 1,072.28 ; graph ; chart ( M )
When members of Congress left the Capitol last month , corporate leaders of Lockheed Martin followed them , warning key legislators in their home districts that hundreds of jobs would be lost if there was not enough money to build the Air Force 's newest fighter jet .
Deal to Let MBNA Issue American Express Cards
''We know that our investment banking business is not close to its peak , '' said David A. Viniar , the chief financial officer of Goldman Sachs during a conference call yesterday .
and Fiat will conduct a preliminary due diligence , '' which is ''expected to proceed rapidly and upon further agreement will be followed by formal negotiations , '' General Motors said in a statement .
But he had few kind words for the company 's main labor adversary , the United Food and Commercial Workers , saying that its members wanted to block Wal-Mart to help protect their jobs and wages , even if it meant that consumers pay higher prices .
Mr. Black , in his fervor to find I.B.M .
Converse 's athletic shoe will be the first to be marketed by Nike without bearing the Nike name .
Marathon officials negotiated with Nike for three months earlier this year after the company 's four-year sponsorship contract came up for renewal , but the two sides were unable to reach an agreement .
But still , some useful and clear trends seemed to emerge at the two-day gathering , the American Express Global Corporate Travel Press Forum , which drew business-travel writers from a dozen countries , including a contingent from China , where business travel is rapidly growing .
Boeing , proud company that has dominated commercial aviation since 1950 's , is seeing its lead slip away to Airbus Industrie , European consortium that is Boeing 's sole rival ; so far this year , Airbus has outsold Boeing by more than two to one , largest gap since Airbus was founded in 1970 ; lopsided orders have prompted many in aviation industry and on Wall Street to consider what would have been unthinkable decade ago : that Boeing is in danger of slipping behind Airbus for years to come ; at Frontier Airlines , Samuel D Addoms , chief exec , is replacing Boeing 737s with competing Airbus planes ; photos ; charts ( L )
Boeing has good reasons not to crow , analysts said .
To reap the full benefits of Panama , some analysts say Yahoo needs to increase its share of searches conducted online , which has remained relatively steady over the last year , while Google 's has been inching up .
The C-17 program , valued at $ 60 billion over its life , provides Boeing with $ 3 billion in revenue annually , which represents about 10 percent of the company 's military revenue and 30 cents a share in earnings , according to analysts ' estimates .
The media schedule of daytime and prime-time national and local programming would suggest a commitment of dollars concomitant with other company brands ; Competitive Media Reporting , which tracks ad spending , reported that Clorox spent $ 7 million last year to advertise Soft Scrub and $ 7.8 million to advertise Tilex .
In the 18 months since the Justice Department and the states filed suit against Microsoft , much of the talk about the case has involved Internet browsers and Microsoft 's decision to build its browser into Windows .
The latter request is relevant because 17 people who had worked under Mr. Burns on General Mills assignments at Saatchi New York resigned en masse three days after the agency announced his unexpected resignation .
Shares of AT & T also fell yesterday , partly in reaction to an announcement by the Bell Atlantic Corporation that it was dropping AT & T from a role in building a multibillion-dollar interactive video network .
The General Motors Corporation said today that its sales increased for the first time in 10 months , rising 4.1 percent in March from a year ago .
By standardizing the 30-pin electronic connection on all of its models , Apple allows companies that stick with its standards the right to use an official ''Made for iPod '' logo .
Hitachi and Mitsubishi Electric said they hoped to pool their resources in a new venture , to be established some time in 2003 , that will be able to challenge Intel , Micron , Motorola and Texas Instruments , the American companies that dominate the field .
There was no way to know yesterday whether Interpublic 's audit committee had found evidence of an accounting problem or whether it was simply being cautious because of concern about shareholder lawsuits and S.E.C .
Too many people in this community are saying , ''Be prepared for a Rochester without Kodak . ''
Warner-Lambert memorandum unsealed in federal court shows marketing executives at company urged their superiors to let them promote epilepsy drug Neurontin for unapproved use rather than perform clinical studies needed to prove medicine was safe for such patients ; memorandum is filed by Thomas M Greene , lawyer for whistleblower Dr David P Franklin who accused Warner-Lambert of promoting drug to doctors in late 1990 's for more than dozen conditions it was never approved to treat ; marketing executives in May 5 , 1997 propose that drug be promoted to treat pain in diabetic patients by creating education classes for doctors and sponsoring symposium with American Diabetes Association ; Greene also files another memo with court that details how Warner-Lambert tracked prescriptions written by doctors after they attended dinner meeting paid for by drug company at which Neurontin was discussed ; Pfizer , which acquired Warner-Lambert and its Parke-Davis division in 2000 , says lawsuit relates to activities that took place before acquisition and that its employees do not promote drugs for unapproved uses ; Pfizer has said it is not aware of any credible evidence showing Warner-Lambert employees made false claims about drug ( M )
Jack L. Kelly of Goldman , Sachs & Company said he expected that a combination of layoffs and cuts in Kodak 's digital product portfolio could result in 75 cents to $ 1 a share in incremental earnings , even accounting for lower film prices and higher marketing costs .
Wal-Mart Stores , the nation 's largest retailer , indicated yesterday that it might be interested in acquiring the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation , the clothing company , executives close to the talks said .
Under the terms of the agreement , which the two companies valued at ''several hundred million '' dollars , Mr. Kahn will remain chief executive of Starfish and will become a technology adviser to top Motorola executives .
Microsoft countered by lengthening the time to 12 months .
Finally , late last year , Southeast Asians reined in their spending , meaning fewer sales for Nike , which was counting on extraordinary growth in the region .
The Government has not identified the relative but has described the person in court papers as a ''family member '' of Mr. Cassano who worked at I.B.M .
Europeans Approve Amgen Anemia Drug
The Ford Motor Company and the Canadian Auto Workers union said today that they had agreed on a tentative three-year contract covering 13,300 workers at Ford plants in Canada .
Court that decides antitrust case against Microsoft Corp must first make judgment about Microsoft 's often thorny relationship with Compaq Computer ; at issue is whether Compaq , largest personal computer maker , has been bent to Microsoft 's will in ways that stifle competition and harm consumers , or if Compaq-Microsoft relationship is more one of headstrong equals in a bumpy partnership dating back to 1994 ; over years , Compaq has been most aggressive among personal computer makers seeking measure of independence from Microsoft , even as it is Microsoft 's largest customer ; there is established pattern to Compaq-Microsoft relationship : Compaq takes independent path , Microsoft bristles and accommodation is made ; in fact , Compaq executive took stand as defense witness for Microsoft in antitrust trial ; photo ( M )
The iPod from Apple Computer is a designer music player , and with the least expensive model running about $ 300 , it has a designer price tag .
For example , the actor Stanley Tucci , who serves as the announcer in Cingular commercials , will be heard in AT & T commercials , she said .
The Goldman Sachs proposal would increase the size of 55 Water Street to 3.18 million square feet from 2.91 million square feet .
Nonetheless , Microsoft 's brief said : ''Research and development organizations are fragile organisms , and the notion that they can be be pulled apart with minimal adverse consequences is dangerously naive . ''
Robert Thompson is named to new post of senior vice president for finance at Interpublic Group of Companies ( S )
''A $ 35 million product does n't get anyone 's attention at Hasbro , '' Mr. McGowan said .
Mr. Weedman traced the beginning to July 1999 , when Procter & Gamble changed its internal accounting .
For a while , many sex therapists and doctors were optimistic about Procter & Gamble 's Intrinsa , a testosterone patch that delivers small transdermal pulses of the sex hormone thought to play a crucial if poorly understood role in male and female libido alike .
Chuck Mulloy , a spokesman for Intel , said the team that met with the privacy group included a security expert , a public relations executive and an employee in the company 's Washington office .
Intergraph 's suit contends that during a patent dispute between it and Intel , Intel was trying to get access to certain patented microprocessor technologies for which Intergraph owned the rights .
Wall Street seemed to approve , as Coca-Cola shares rose $ 1.875 , to $ 55.625 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Netflix is introducing a service to deliver movies and television shows directly to users ' PCs , not as downloads but as streaming video , which is not retained in computer memory .
Attempts to negotiate a settlement with one of those women , Allison Schieffelin , broke down in late summer and the commission began considering whether to file suit against Morgan Stanley .
And Mattel says it will soon offer a line of interactive products that includes Barbie , a series based on American girls in different historical periods , and Rockett .
Donald S. MacNaughton , an insurance and health care executive who , from the late 1960 's to the mid-1980 's , ran two of the nation 's biggest companies -- first the Prudential Insurance Company of America and then the Hospital Corporation of America -- died on Sunday in a hospital in Greenwich , Conn .
Jonathan Skidmore , a lawyer for Merck , said he could not comment on Ms. Lowry 's approach to the cross-examination or the company 's trial strategy .
Despite a lack of visible progress in catching up with Google , the leader in Internet search engines , Microsoft says it still believes that it will eventually turn the tables by improving the quality of its search results and by changing the way computer users search .
''They asked us to come in and talk about what Apple needed to do to get its focus back , '' Mr. Clow said .
Intel 's European sales fell almost 2 percent .
Mr. Giancarlo will continue as president of Linksys , a Cisco subsidiary that makes wireless Internet equipment for home use .
The Intel Corporation said today that it had lowered prices on its Pentium II microprocessors for desktop computers by 12 percent to 20 percent .
''Microsoft believes that the open-source development model plays a vital role in the software development ecosystem , '' Mr. Murchinson said .
Microsoft could lessen that price disadvantage if it decided to add Media Center functionality to its Xbox video game system .
Growing sense of crisis in Russian economy helps push US stock markets lower ; Russia 's stock market falls 6.5 percent ; central bank steps in to protect ruble and banking system , but Moody 's Investors Service and Standard & Poor 's downgrade Russia 's foreign debt , which already has been ranked as 'junk ' ; Dow Jones industrial average closes at 8,459.50 , down 93.46 points , or 1.1 percent ; Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index falls 9.31 points , to 1,074.91 , and Nasdaq composite index loses 22.99 points , closing at 1,802.54 , a 1.3 percent decline ; graph on fluctuations of Dow Jones industrial average ; chart ( M )
Besides , predicted Mr. Haverty , who favors a deal with the News Corporation , Hughes would find it increasingly difficult to borrow the money for such a leveraged spinoff in the current environment .
Food industry is trying to offer healthier versions of popular foods without affecting taste ; Linguagen Corp , biotechnology company that is conducting taste research , received patent in April for first molecular compound that will block bitter tastes in foods , beverages and some pharmaceuticals ; compound , named adenosine 5'-monophosphate , or AMP , occurs naturally -- it is found in human breast milk , among other places ; compound blocks some of acidic tastes from being absorbed by tongue when added to certain foods ; Coca-Cola Co , Kraft Foods and Solae Co , soy-foods concern owned by DuPont and Bunge Ltd , have each expressed interest in flavor and taste technology ; Kraft and Solae are Linguagen clients ; Coca-Cola has signed research deal with Senomyx ; Linguagen 's chief executive Shawn M Marcell comments ; chart ; photo ( M )
Two years ago , Mr. Oldham and his family sold their manufacturing operation and many of their trademarks and headed into mass retail with Target .
''It adds to the management depth of Interpublic to address issues going forward '' raised by the uncertain economic outlook , said John J. Dooner Jr. , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic , who joined Mr. Bell for the telephone interview .
Today , as the 50,000-square-foot Whole Foods supermarket opens its doors , many have not changed their minds .
Microsoft has also increased its investment to meet the rising competition from Internet software and services companies , led by Google .
The extra two percentage points gained by the two acquisitions would still leave LDDS well behind AT & T 's 59 percent of the market , MCI 's 19 percent and Sprint 's 10 percent .
Jeffrey R Immelt will face immense challenge when he takes over from John F Welch Jr as General Electric Co 's chief executive on Sept 7 ; revenue , earnings and especially , GE 's stock price , would have to soar over next two decades to equal their performance under Welch ; graph ; photos ( M )
Currently , if Internet Explorer encounters on-line documents created by one of the Microsoft Office suite of programs -- Word , Excel or Powerpoint -- it assumes that they are ''safe '' and loads them on the user 's computer without warning .
Apple Computer , in moves underscoring extent of its planned corporate overhaul , says it will take $ 322 million write-off this quarter to reflect cost of acquiring Next Software Inc and that Heidi Roizen , executive in charge of courting outside software allies , has resigned ; says it will pay about $ 30 million more than $ 400 million previously estimated for Next ; Roizen comments , interview ( M )
Johnson & Johnson sells the identical drug , also produced by Amgen , as Procrit .
In central Paris and London , ''we do long-term leases , but we were able to buy more here , '' Russ Smyth , McDonald 's president for Europe , said in an interview on the Pushkin Square store 's 15th anniversary .
Similarly , they add , Microsoft has been unable to dent Palm 's dominance in handhelds , even though those machines must work smoothly with Windows PC 's .
A Mattel spokesman , Glenn Bozarth , said that Ms. Barad had the full support of the board and was in the process of assessing exactly what went wrong .
I will absolutely put Interpublic agencies on a list to be considered , today , tomorrow , next week .
Article on National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship , organization founded by former businessman and teacher Steve Mariotti that offers curriculum to help high schools teach business skills to poor minority adolescents ; classes are being taught in more than 300 high schools , most in lower-income districts , in 45 states ; funding comes from Goldman Sachs Foundation ; photo ( special section , Small Business ) ( M )
Times Company in Venture With Starbucks Coffee
Under the decision , the prices Verizon charges competitors to lease network access will fall as much as 38 percent .
Analysts had expected AT & T to decide to enter the expanding Mexican market , but were surprised by its selection of Alfa , an industrial group that manufactures diverse products ranging from cold-cut meats to flat steel , but has no telephone experience .
Texas Instruments has been locked in exclusive talks with Bain for more than a week , the executives said , and an announcement of a deal is expected within days .
That pricing structure gives Verizon a $ 5 to $ 10 price advantage over the cable services and is comparable to prices offered by SBC Communications , which reported 2.5 million D.S.L .
If Ranbaxy wins , Pfizer could face generic competition on Lipitor the year after next , instead of in 2011 if the patents are upheld .
Spokesmen at Bank of America , UBS and Banca Popolare di Lodi said the banks had not been notified of any investigation .
Big companies like Ford , United Parcel Service , Charles Schwab and Bank One have chosen I.B.M .
A music area lets customers test XM Satellite Radio on wireless phones , try out Bluetooth headphones and , eventually , test Apple 's new iPhone , which will have AT & T as its exclusive carrier when it arrives midyear .
The restriction was put in place a decade ago as part of the approval for the acquisition of Turner Broadcasting Systems -- in which Mr. Malone was a large investor -- by Time Warner .
As a result , I.B.M .
''In one swift action , Yahoo has completely removed the ENTIRE adult section from Yahoo Clubs & Yahoo Groups ! ''
Microsoft said it would seek a temporary halt to both sanctions , while its appeal makes its way through the European courts , a process that is expected to take years .
Now she will assume the anchor position at CBS in September under as much scrutiny as anyone has ever had taking up one of these jobs .
released a statement : ''I.B.M .
Texas Instruments , which makes chips that power more than half of the world 's cellular phones , said its forecast for second quarter of about $ 2 billion in sales and profits of 5 cents a share remained accurate ( S )
Since taking office in January , Mr. Dann has sharply criticized the UnitedHealth Group over its ousted former chief executive , William W. McGuire , who is accused of backdating more than $ 2.3 billion in stock options , and he has revived an investigation of Marsh & McLennan , looking at whether the company violated the state 's antitrust laws .
If pump prices fall below the prepaid level , Priceline.com will give club members a credit for the difference .
I.B.M .
During the conference call this afternoon , Cisco executives suggested that trends in the marketplace were favorable to the company , which supplies corporations with the basic equipment for high-speed data traffic .
It is now part of Yahoo 's registration process .
Over the rest of the year , Yahoo will introduce a series of activities meant to expand its fee income , said Terry Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive .
The module 's image sensor , a charge-coupled device made by Eastman Kodak , is within a replacement camera back that is also equipped with an L.C.D .
In 1992 he stumbled into a Starbucks in Vancouver .
I.B.M .
For Oracle , a delay that permitted PeopleSoft to complete its merger with J. D. Edwards would create additional problems .
Motorola said yesterday that it had consolidated its global advertising , with billings estimated at $ 150 million , by naming Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York , part of the WPP Group , to handle those duties .
The Fox News Channel , a unit of the News Corporation , said Mr. O'Reilly , the host of ''The O'Reilly Factor , '' had agreed to stay with the network for six more years .
James F. Albaugh , head of Boeing 's military unit , said the delay was a result of problems integrating the system 's computer software and hardware .
Chevron , Devon Energy and Statoil ASA , the Norwegian oil giant , reported that they had found 3 billion to 15 billion barrels in several fields 175 miles offshore , 30,000 feet below the gulf 's surface , among formations of rock and salt hundreds of feet thick .
The war room staff arrives at Wal-Mart 's headquarters , a short drive from a nearby corporate apartment where they live , by 7 every morning .
The partner was reassigned after Xerox complained to KPMG 's chairman about the partner 's actions in 1999 .
Verizon 's shares dropped 7 cents , to $ 33.44 .
The General Motors H shares , which track the value of the Hughes Electronics businesses , were unchanged at $ 62.625 .
Correction : April 13 , 2002 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about the first-quarter financial results at General Electric misstated the number of the company 's businesses that reported a decline in revenue .
Citigroup rose $ 1.50 , to $ 46.40 ; American Express gained $ 1.32 , to $ 39.80 , and J. P. Morgan Chase was up $ 1.51 , to $ 45.26 .
Ralph Lauren 's home products division , which contributed $ 340 million in 1997 sales , is being broadened to include furniture , table top items , wall coverings and the like and will be sold abroad .
''Cisco has been the driver of so much business in this industry , '' Denise A. Sangster , president and chief executive of Global Touch , said .
Large advertisers have approached Google and Yahoo several times asking that the company expand its systems to sell traditional advertising , said Martin Pyykkonen , senior analyst at Global Crown Capital .
At the same time , Microsoft has moved faster into the world of online gaming , getting a head start on a growing trend .
In regular-session trading before the earnings announcement , Cisco 's shares gained 21 cents , to $ 26.41 .
Motorola told analysts that it had reversed its long slide in cell phone market share , that the industry 's inventories had been whittled down to normal levels and that the cell phone business , the company 's biggest unit , would return to profitability in the second half of this year .
''Before any group of defendants can be tried together , there must be a determination that the claims are sufficiently common and that they can be tried together without prejudice , '' said Walter Dellinger , a lawyer at O'Melveny & Myers in Washington , which is representing Exxon Mobil .
Now , he remains undecided about the latest offer , made in the last few weeks by Yahoo .
Ms. Garrison chose WebSphere and other I.B.M .
Pfizer did not disclose whether it expected to lay off any of the division 's 3,500 employees as part of a sale .
There is a widely held industry view that Microsoft has no choice but to gamble on renewing its growth by entering a wide array of new businesses .
In its statement , Merck said both it and some of its consultants were also concerned that , because patients with acute coronary syndrome in the Vioxx study would also be taking low doses of aspirin to prevent heart attack and stroke , their experiences might not translate to patients who were not taking aspirin .
General Motors , a company once known as the model of corporate accounting , warned investors on Thursday that its performance was threatened by ''ineffective '' controls over financial reporting , including inadequately trained personnel and failure to obtain management 's approval for some transactions .
And Kodak 's situation is worsening , not improving .
Robert E. Allen , chairman and chief executive of the AmericanTelephone and Telegraph Company , said at a news conference , however , that because the company 's computer business now comprises NCR , A.T. & T .
On that basis , Yahoo 's revenue was $ 1.07 billion , up 36 percent and exactly what analysts forecast .
In the wings , the Microsoft Corporation is stalking the game industry with its own Intel-based video-game system that the company says it hopes will arrive for the Christmas 2001 season .
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that it would close some manufacturing operations , cutting as many as 2,500 jobs .
In acquiring Wiltel , the Williams telecommunications unit , LDDS would join AT & T , MCI Communications and Sprint in having its own network .
According to an internal report disclosed by Wal-Mart , the security official kept tabs on the exact time that Mr. Lynn entered and left his subordinate 's hotel room one evening in Guatemala .
Instead , the staff at AT & T culled a list of 68 theaters from the database of a consultant , the Theatre Communications Group , which supports professional nonprofit theater and has 425 member theaters .
The gadfly investor Evelyn Y. Davis called him King William , and so he was : the heir to leadership of the Ford Motor Company , William C. Ford Jr. , took the stage today to run the family-controlled company 's annual meeting for the first time .
A spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta , Scott Williamson , said the signing of Mr. James was unrelated to the charges against Mr. Bryant .
Still , many analysts say that Amgen , which has received some new patents on EPO in the last few years , is in a strong position because it is making 18 claims of infringement .
Investors were also encouraged yesterday by Amazon 's forecast for the holiday quarter .
Stephen M. Ward Jr. , currently senior vice president and general manager for I.B.M .
Power Computing has been a quiet critic of Apple 's gatekeeping tactics .
Coincidentally , on Dec. 10 Christie 's will hold an all-Tiffany sale , with examples of art glass by Tiffany Studios , including Tiffany 's own renowned Laburnum leaded glass-and-bronze table lamp , circa 1910 , estimated at $ 300,000 to $ 500,000 .
''AT & T had a lot of people leave prior to my getting here , '' Mr. Dorman said in an interview yesterday , ''people who left to take advantage of the dot-com boom and the telecom boom , and I think that is a part of what you are seeing .
Of most significance to investors , Yahoo said it would begin the second phase of its long-delayed search advertising system , called Project Panama , on Feb. 5 .
Arrival of Wal-Mart 's world headquarters i
Brown , a 44-year-old Gainesville resident who suffers from diabetes , said he had lost about 80 pounds since beginning Pfizer 's program last year .
With the V35 , ViewSonic becomes the 29th company to produce an organizer with an operating system from Microsoft rather than Palm .
Then Procter & Gamble said yesterday that it would begin selling an over-the-counter version of Prilosec on Sept. 15 , priced about 70 cents a pill , or $ 22 or so for a month 's supply .
PC , Intel had been able to ride computer users ' endless desire for more processing power .
In June , I.B.M .
John Brockman , author of ''The Third Culture '' ( Simon & Schuster , 1995 ) , which argues that the values and ethos of science and technology are trivialized even as the fields themselves become central to American life , says of Microsoft employees : ''They 're operating in a mindset that 's outside the tautological knowledge structure of most of the people who run the country .
The Securities and Exchange Commission is expanding its investigation of the Xerox Corporation 's accounting practices to include the company 's former auditors , KPMG , as well as several people affiliated with Xerox and KPMG , according to a person close to the investigation .
Documents supplied by the British board describing the complaint it received said Pfizer 's medical liaisons had been trained , for example , to give presentations to groups of doctors on Geodon , even if only one doctor in the group had requested information on the drug .
An extension of the department 's review was expected because of the outcry from PeopleSoft and its customers about the anticompetitive implications of a takeover by Oracle .
The latest recall again involves both Firestone and the Ford Motor company .
''I felt I was in good hands with Marriott , '' said Don Burklew , a partnership investor .
But providers of instant messaging have not been able to turn their millions of users into profits , nor has Yahoo Games , even though it is host to 140,000 players at peak periods .
''Apple does really badly when it plays to other people 's criteria , '' he said .
Underlying AT & T 's new strategy is the company 's vision of the Internet and the World Wide Web as omnipresent information resources that will be instantly available to its customers ' fingertips without requiring a separate dial-up modem connection for each use .
Lawyers for plaintiffs predicted that the victory , which came after a month of testimony , would cause the number of lawsuits against Merck to soar .
Is n't government interference more of a threat to consumers than Microsoft ?
Mr. Gilmartin and Judy Lewent , chief financial officer of Merck , said yesterday that the company was financially sound and that there were no plans to cut the quarterly dividend , which was recently raised by 1 cent , or to change the company 's plans to repurchase stock .
For example , Verizon Wireless was a major sponsor of the Yahoo ''mobile '' section , but was not happy with the number of customers it was getting .
An Apple spokeswoman , Natalie Sequeira , said such decisions were up to the artists , and ''in this case they recently told us that they wanted it to be available only as part of the album . ''
Seurities and Exchange Commission does not charge Amazon.com with faking its own books in connection with its Amazon Commerce Network , alliance of other Internet sites in which Amazon invested and received advertising revenue ; SEC concludes that Amazon did help one of those companies falsify its books ; Amazon accepts cease-and-desist order from SEC , ordering it not to help anyone else violate securities laws ( M )
AT & T , once the bluest of blue chips , does not think of itself that way and its executives do not believe that AT & T 's investors think of themselves as penny stock investors .
Analysts said the Travelers management had instilled a cost-cutting discipline that has Citigroup on track to surpass its stated goal of reducing annual expenses by $ 2 billion by the end of the year .
European regulators are considering approving the proposed $ 20 billion combination of the music division of Time Warner Inc. and the EMI Group into a joint venture , a development that would remove the last major barrier in Europe to the acquisition of Time Warner by America Online .
Amgen Inc. said the Food and Drug Administration had rejected a new drug for prostate cancer that it was developing with Praecis Pharmaceuticals .
Merck , the third-largest American drug maker , said it would appeal both decisions , but the company 's shares fell almost 6 percent .
Online Shopper column by Michelle Slatalla appraises Wal-Mart 's redesigned Internet site ; photo ( M )
In her closing argument , Christy Jones , Merck 's lead lawyer , told jurors that Merck had properly researched Vioxx 's potential heart risks .
She said she had worked in the pharmaceutical industry for 25 years for companies including Merck and Amgen .
Previously , the approach was top-down as brand managers at General Mills coordinated those efforts , working not only with the principal agencies but also with agencies that produced online , retail and minority campaigns .
''Microsoft has been trying for the past two years to extend and bury Java , '' said David Gee , an executive in I.B.M .
Microsoft did not recognize the Windows or Office revenue from those machines until users purchased the upgrade coupons or decided to use the older software .
But Gary L. Reback , the attorney for Microsoft 's rival in the browser market , Netscape Communications , and a persistent legal gadfly in matters involving Microsoft , said he was encouraged by Mr. Lessig 's knowledge of technology .
''The court 's decision has troubling ramifications for consumers , service providers and the growth of the Internet , '' said Sara Deutsch , vice president and associate general counsel for Verizon .
Danny Marino , who worked in installation and repairs for six years at Bell Atlantic before it became Verizon , said he never imagined that he would be out on strike .
Microsoft 's share of that market has fallen from a peak of 13 percent in 2002 to 8 percent today .
Indeed , when Mr. Blank tours a Home Depot store -- each year , he visits roughly 100 of the 657 stores -- employees trail along like ducklings , waiting for proclamations on a shower head display or checkout efficiency .
Netscape , which went public 10 years ago this month , and its Web browser , Navigator , were supposed to fell Microsoft -- but it is Netscape that is no longer in business .
Gap also said yesterday that it had settled a federal class-action lawsuit accusing it of violating workers ' rights in garment factories in the Northern Marianas Islands .
After surveying its employees last year , Cisco is building a day-care center on its corporate campus in San Jose .
Micron had agreed to invest $ 200 million for a 15 percent stake in them .
Investigators are expected to carry out a close examination of that overhaul , which was conducted at a Boeing installation in Palmdale , Calif .
When Gap Inc. went wrong , everyone at the company 's headquarters said it was because Mr. Drexler 's style sense was off course .
But Dr. John W. Rowe , president and chief executive , and William H. Donaldson , chairman , sent an e-mail message to Aetna 's 40,000 employees yesterday explaining the company 's position on some of issues .
Over the last seven years , Equity Office 's total returns ( share price plus dividends ) were 138 percent , compared with 280 percent for Vornado , according to Keven S. Lindemann , the director of real estate for SNL Financial , a research company in Charlottesville , Va. During the same period , the SNL REIT office index grew by 166 percent .
Mr. Gates also discusses , even if he seems to gloss over them , the competitive threats to Microsoft that are coming from outside the personal computer industry .
Citigroup made its investment in Brasil Telecom through Opportunity .
''This was sort of the four-and-a-half somersault off a 50-foot board into a pail of water , '' said James Womack , the author and champion of ''lean manufacturing , '' who has worked as a consultant to Boeing .
''If you go back to early PC days , what you typically saw was technically literate folks using PC 's at home and moving them into businesses where it was n't a top-down decision , '' said Phil Hester , chief technology officer of I.B.M .
Boeing Earnings News Disappoints Investors
''The larger picture here is that intellectual property is the crucial capital in a global knowledge economy , '' said Samuel J. Palmisano , I.B.M .
and help lead its battle against Intel , its giant rival in the chip business ?
But some of the biggest companies , giants like Exxon Mobil and BP that could be spending billions of dollars to drive the development of Ecuador 's oil industry , are long gone .
Boot Camp remains a free download from Apple.com .
Microsoft , analysts say , is going after the premium end of the hand-held market .
Leaders of the effort are coming to Detroit on Wednesday to meet with William Clay Ford Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of the Ford Motor Company .
McDonald 's covenant with its franchisees was this : McDonald 's would rent them the location and demand high corporate standards ; in return , franchisees could become very rich .
Some people close to the talks said the deal would start adding to Amgen 's earnings per share after 18 months .
The Microsoft Corporation acknowledged yesterday that one of its programmers apparently masqueraded as an independent computer consultant earlier this week in an effort to discredit America Online 's tactics in the companies ' quarrel over instant messaging .
Not that Airbus and Boeing should really lose any sleep .
Mr. Walker , chairman and chief executive of Priceline.com , and a business partner have just received a patent for a new method of selling magazine subscriptions .
Standard & Poor 's said yesterday that it had removed from Credit Watch the debt ratings of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York , an agency company that has struggled for months with financial and operational problems .
Although the company has committed $ 500 million to promote Xbox , the starting date gives Microsoft just a few weeks to build interest before the holiday shopping season begins .
Still , few analysts expect that Kodak , whose paternalistic culture once gleaned it the sobriquet of Great Yellow Father in its Rochester home , will throw the maximum number of people out of work .
Gilbert F. Amelio 's abrupt dismissal as chairman and chief executive of Apple Computer Inc. on Wednesday leaves an opening unlikely to attract many resumes .
In his keynote speech here , Mr. Amelio declared that despite its recent announcement that it would lose $ 100 million to $ 150 million in the quarter that ended on Dec. 27 , Apple was still in a strong financial position , with the company 's cash position remaining around $ 1.7 billion .
Edison was a top 20 holding of the Duff & Phelps fund as recently as September , but Mr. Partain has since sold the stock entirely .
Citigroup , which is under scrutiny from regulators and Congress for role in series of financial scandals , ousts Michael A Carpenter as chief executive of its investment bank , Salomon Smith Barney ; replaces him with Charles O Prince , more senior executive with legal background ; chairman Sanford I Weill says he and vice chairman Robert E Rubin will be more involved in management of Salomon , which is under investigation for role in financing failed Enron Corp , WorldCom and several other troubled telecommunications companies ; photos ( M )
Boeing 's existing 737-600 line and the 7E7 long-range jet it is developing should also fare well , he said .
A second area of strength , also in keeping with industry trends , was Verizon 's broadband business , as the company added a net 306,000 high-speed Internet lines in the quarter .
AT & T said last year that it intended to spin off its cable operation as an independent company .
They agree , though , that much depends on Microsoft 's own moves .
As Mr. Gates sees the future , Wintone will assign Microsoft the job of managing PC data over the Internet , which will allow for automatic backup of that data on network storage computers while at the same time employing the Internet to provide automatic updates of the software on users ' own machines .
EBay says the sale of fake brand-name goods on its site exploded when it expanded to China in 2004 , but rights holders have complained to eBay about the problem for years .
''The perception of most consumers and retailers is that Nike is all about performance and sports . ''
''As a practical matter , you would think his recalcitrance and his refusal to agree that anything serious should be done to Microsoft would not play well , '' said Professor Gavil , who watched Mr. Gates testify .
's headquarters in Armonk , N.Y. , said that while no I.B.M .
AT & T on Monday withdrew its offer to buy a stake in the company that controls Telecom Italia , the largest Italian telecommunications company , for about two billion euros , or $ 2.7 billion .
Now competitive video gaming is going to get a shot at mainstream network treatment when an hourlong special about the World Series of Video Games appears as part of the CBS Sports Spectacular on Dec. 30 .
A Rare Chance to Take Back a Market ; Johnson & Johnson 's New Stent May Dominate Angioplasties
Through their broad alliance , Microsoft and Toshiba hope to make video players and other consumer electronics devices that have a friendlier interface and are easily compatible with home computers .
Shares of Boeing plunged $ 6.6875 , or 16.5 percent , to $ 33.6875 , in record volume on the New York Stock Exchange .
Automated services on Verizon 's network and wireless services were not disrupted .
The French authorities lifted a ban today on canned Coca-Cola soft drinks produced at a bottling plant here , saying they had found no evidence of contamination to explain an outbreak of nausea by people who drank them in Belgium early this month .
Silicon Graphics Inc plans to lay off 1,000 to 1,500 people , or up to 15 percent of its work force , and sell or spin off several businesses , including Cray Research line of supercomputers ; also says it will record charge of $ 100 million to $ 200 million in connection with revamping ; also reaches preliminary understanding with potential joint venture partner to take over its Visual Workstation line of products based on Intel microprocessors and Microsoft 's Windows NT operating system ; chairman Richard E Belluzzo comments ( M )
The thrill of the iBook 's design is marred only by a clamshell that does n't close as tightly as it should ( thanks to four protective rubber screen bumpers ) and Apple 's outrageous help-line policy : after 90 days , help is $ 50 per call .
A senior Microsoft official acknowledged in Federal court today that the company 's contracts had prohibited Internet service providers from offering its browser on the same Web page as its main competition because Microsoft executives ''thought we would lose in a side-by-side choice . ''
Merck & Co Inc agrees to pay $ 42.5 million to settle long-running class-action lawsuits against pharmacy-benefit unit Medco Health Solutions ; lawyers for plaintiffs are split over whether to accept agreement ; some lawyers say it is too small , considering that Medco pocketed billions of dollars in rebates from manufacturers and other fees that they say should have gone to thousands of health plans and million of consumers ; Medco has 65 million holders of its drug cards ; Medco does not admit any liability in agreement to settlement , which is subject to approval by Federal Judge Charles L Brieant ( M )
The company hopes to replace the Yahoo ads entirely by next spring .
Mr. Ivester , appearing at a separate news conference in Brussels , surrounded by security staff , translators and executives , reacted to criticism that Coca-Cola was slow in responding to the crisis .
There , the faithful and the skeptical will convene for a first look at the operating system , code-named Rhapsody , that Apple hopes will restore the company 's reputation for software that is as innovative as it is easy to use .
World Briefing | Europe : Switzerland : Gypsies Plan To Sue I.B.M .
If the two companies are unable to reach a settlement , AOL will either have to allow Time Warner Entertainment to go public or buy out at least part of AT & T 's stake for the price set by the bank .
In some offices , Winquote , Microsoft 's securities monitoring technology , also displayed the ups and downs of the company 's shares -- and thus the value of employees ' stock options .
Mr. McGrath said the suggestion came from unidentified ''senior Microsoft executives '' but not Bill Gates , the Microsoft chairman , or Steven A. Ballmer , the chief executive .
''I tried to buy my father an I.B.M .
The seven accounting techniques Xerox used were frequently approved , carried out and tracked by top management , the S.E.C .
While it agreed on slowed growth in the domestic market and Europe , International Data saw bright spots where Intel did not .
''The states have acknowledged that this is important , but they 've essentially taken a pass on it , '' said Jim Desler , a Microsoft spokesman .
Even so , there remain many on Madison Avenue who believe that General Motors can turn around , although , as more than one executive said , it will not be easy .
Seeking to put the best face on the matter , Ron Woodard , president of Boeing 's commercial airplane group , praised British Airways as a ''longtime valued Boeing customer and our largest customer outside the United States . ''
Kodak has got to make it clear that the days of constant job cuts are ending .
The News Corporation 's last federal filing shows an 11 percent stake , but a spokesman said the corporation 's share in EchoStar was now down to 6 percent .
Mr. Purcell has spent much of his time in recent weeks plotting how Morgan Stanley , which operates the on-line Discover Brokerage separately from its traditional retail brokerage network , can offer discounted on-line trading to all its retail clients without undercutting the commissions and fees its brokers generate .
Boeing shares have recently done better than those of EADS .
Bank of America opens more than 500 former Fleet Bank branches in New York City metropolitan area ; Bank of America acquired FleetBoston Financial for $ 48 billion nearly year ago ; graph ( M )
Apple Breaks The Mold
Amazon 's financial results were far better than expected because a yearlong efficiency drive sharply cut costs even as sales grew .
A refurbished Pioneer 50-inch plasma television with some previous history fetched $ 3,300 on eBay over Memorial Day weekend , after an auction that opened with a 99-cent bid .
But if the Netflix service takes off , that strategy could shift quickly , since Blockbuster has acquired a business that specializes in mail-order rentals , according to one person close to the company .
To blunt Netflix 's inroads , Blockbuster is testing its own online subscription program , but at a lower price ( $ 19.95 a month compared with $ 21.95 ) and with the ability to pick up a film the same day from a store rather than wait until it arrives in the mail .
''We felt really good about the numbers , '' Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , said in a telephone interview .
But Morgan Stanley got several heavy hitters , too , including the venture capitalist Roger McNamee , who flew in from California with his rock band and played for clients after long days on the slopes .
he Federal Trade Commission said yesterday that it would not oppose the proposed $ 14 billion acquisition of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation by the Boeing Company .
In the fourth quarter , Apple 's gross margin was 27 percent , up from 26.6 percent a year ago .
''It was after Microsoft declined to do this major business transaction with your company , '' Mr. Webb said , ''that you decided to support the conduct remedy in this case , which is even more harsh than the breakup , correct ? ''
Earlier efforts by the Canadian branch of the United Steelworkers of America at a Wal-Mart store just across the border from Detroit , in Windsor , Ontario , brought certification , but the union failed to sign a contract before the local collapsed .
Frank E. Spindler , an Intel vice president and general manager of the mobile platforms group , acknowledged that ''the mobile PC space is not immune to the business environment , '' but said that declining prices and the increasing popularity of wireless networking would drive laptop sales .
Texas Instruments reports loss for fourth quarter and sale of its money-losing notebook computer business to Acer Group of Taiwan ; loss for quarter was $ 29 million , compared with earnings of $ 291 million in year earlier ; revenues dropped to $ 2.5 billion from $ 3.1 billion ; earnings would have been $ 127 million without one-time factors including charges of $ 91 million for voluntary retirement program and layoffs , and $ 117 million in write-downs ; sale to Acer will give that company rights to use Texas Instruments , Travelmate and Extensa brand names for three years ; sale price not disclosed ( M )
Xerox executives attributed some of the profit troubles to a range of causes , including weak sales in Brazil , currency exchange rates , customer fears of Year 2000 problems and a general resistance among clients to trade up on equipment .
Wendy Riches , chairwoman and chief executive at Ogilvy One North America , part of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide division , is leaving to join toy maker Hasbro Inc , in new position of president for global direct marketing and electronic commerce ; no successor at Ogilvy One is being named ; BBDO South , part of BBDO Worldwide , names Art Mellor executive creative director ; he will assume duties that had been handled by Larry Tolpin , who left in September ; Ellen Curtis had served as creative head at BBDO South on interim basis ; Curtis is resigning ( S )
It is now one of Xerox 's most profitable units .
One of the biggest pushes inside Citigroup will be to expand its presence rapidly in fast-growing international markets .
China 's State Drug Administration approves domestic sales of Viagra ; its manufacturer , Pfizer Inc , is expected to produce drug at plant in Dalian ( S )
The company is likely to answer questions about backdated options granted to Mr. Jobs and other executives in a delayed annual report that Apple said it would file with securities regulators on Friday .
In ordering the company to pay back wages , the arbitrator said Verizon had violated the old contract 's job security provisions when it let the workers go .
In light of the severe shipment quotas and promotional restrictions for third-party browsers imposed by the agreements , the fact that Microsoft still permitted AOL to offer Navigator through a few subsidiary channels does not negate this conclusion .
Although Microsoft succeeded in removing a judge in a previous antitrust case against it , as well as a special master in the current case , it has not sought the removal of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , who is now hearing the case .
Boeing now makes fighter jets , launches satellites and is NASA 's largest contractor .
Microsoft 's patent , No .
Xerox said that as part of the settlement , the S.E.C .
Morgan Stanley Says Earnings May Falter
Coca-Cola and PepsiCo agree t6
The EasyShare P880 from Kodak , which is expected to cost $ 600 when it is released next month , zooms as wide as a 24-millimeter lens on a film camera , or 32 percent more than a 35-millimeter lens .
Verizon and Sprint , for instance , employ an American-designed standard called code division multiple access , or C.D.M.A .
Excluding certain expenses , including $ 249 million in charges related to the PeopleSoft takeover , Oracle reported a profit of $ 814 million , or 16 cents a share .
New rules that allow people to change mobile phone companies while keeping their numbers send surge of customers into cellphone stores around country some stores see more than tripling of traffic ; photo of scene at Verizon store in San Francisco ( M )
Dick Starmann , the former McDonald 's executive who was her longtime spokesman and is a trustee of her estate , said the first time he ever wrote a press release about Mrs. Kroc was when she died , and the announcements about her posthumous gifts had all been made by the organizations that had received them .
Maestro , based in New York , expects to start operating this summer .
Region around Sam Walton 's hometown of Bentonville , Arkansas , long defined by pine forests , poultry farms and old-timers in pickup trucks , is now among six fastest-growing metropolitan areas in US , mecca for manufacturers eager to be in Wal-Mart 's backyard ; photos ; map ; result is not only population boom but shift from simple country style that once defined Wal-Mart and Bentonville to something sleeker , spiffier and suburban ; Morningstar analyst Michael Porter likens lure to lobbyists flocking to Washington ; newcomers favor gated neighborhoods , sushi restaurants and gourmet shops of 'showy lifestyle ' that Walton disdained ; region now has 300,000 people , Bentonville 22,000 ; some 450 companies with ties to nation 's largest company now have offices in area , with 1,500 more expected soon ; pressures on wages , land prices and infrastructure noted ( M )
While J. P. Morgan Chase rushed to detail its potential losses , Citigroup has repeatedly rebuffed inquiries .
''I think it is clear that a large part of the marketplace will vote for the architecture that is backed by multiple vendors and Intel and not the architecture backed by Digital and nobody else , '' said Michael Slater , the principal analyst at Microdesign Resources in Sebastopol , Calif .
Intel , in contrast , has adopted a far more complex approach involving a fundamental new processor design , or architecture , to move more data simultaneously , or in parallel .
Allowing Citigroup to sell the notes at below-market rates might have benefited Enron , however , if it encouraged Citigroup to make more loans to the energy trader .
Amazon 's shares fell 47 cents , to $ 16.44 , yesterday .
Oracle , which is based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , is complying with a separate investigation by the European Commission .
Many critics doubt that J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup , as members of the creditors ' committee , would be likely to bring lawsuits against themselves .
But Coca-Cola Enterprises has tried hard to make its case .
Pierre M Omidyar , eBay founder , comments on his investment in Meetup.com , Internet company that makes business out of connecting people to discuss topics of shared interest ; Meetup seeks to use Internet to set up face-to-face meetings among people of like interests ; promotes monthly events where people can gather to discuss various topics ; initial plan was to have restaurants and bars pay Meetup to have their locations publicized as meeting spots ; now companies and organizations pay Meetup to use it as organizational site ; photo ( M )
Mr. Otellini said he believed that future consumer versions of Intel 's Entertainment PC would gain favor over traditional video game machines .
The coming Proenza Schouler auction , by contrast , will be ''virtually an online trunk show -- the first of its kind , '' said Constance White , the style director at eBay .
On Tuesday , after The Wall Street Journal published additional details , Motorola 's shares fell nearly 5 percent , to $ 57.625 .
Many of the comments were sympathetic to Mr. Curry and hostile to Morgan Stanley management .
But they pointed to financial documents that detail the company 's product directions , indicating that it plans to match other future capabilities outlined by Intel today , including microprocessors capable of one-gigahertz speeds for portable computers , or roughly twice the processing power of the chip it demonstrated today .
Judge Edwin L Nelson finds that Intel Corp likely violated antitrust law in its enforcement of disclosure agreements with customers ; requires Intel to continue supplying Intergraph Corp , maker of computer work stations and technical software , with advanced product information , advanced microprocessor chip samples , early production chips and production chips ; Federal Trade Commission is investigating Intel for unfair trade practices ( M )
Kohl 's Corp , whose stores are cross between discount chains and midlevel department stores , expects combined Nov and Dec sales to rise in midsingle digits , bucking industry downturn ; has had success with cold weather merchandise despite unseasonably warm December ; credits success to increased broadcast advertising , expanded in-store program to highlight must-have goods and growth in customer loyalty program ; photo ( M )
None of the companies would comment yesterday , but in a statement AT & T said its directors had instructed management to continue discussions with ''all interested parties . ''
He said Yahoo was looking to develop partnerships and joint ventures with companies that would provide it entertainment and information that Yahoo could sell for a fee , in some cases on an exclusive basis .
Moody 's Investors Service raised the credit ratings of Kookmin , H & CB and Shinhan banks to investment grade , improving their long-term senior debt and deposit ratings to Baa3 from Ba1 .
John Petrillo , AT & T 's executive vice president of strategy and new service innovation , is expected to be joined in today 's announcement by John M. Thompson , I.B.M .
And for the next year or so , analysts say , Intel must revamp its manufacturing operations to produce a higher volume of chips , each of which will bring less profit for Intel as prices continue to fall .
Now Microsoft 's earnings shortfall has highlighted the downside of paying top prices for growth companies .
Interview with Jonathan Ive , industrial designer at Apple Computer who is obsessed with finding ways to design personal computers that evoke more human reactions ; he says majority of personal computers are sad , chunky gray boxes ; photos ( M )
From August to January , Cisco 's sales to the federal government increased 23 percent from the comparable period a year earlier , the company said in its most recent quarterly filing .
The two funky-music spots take place in an Intel clean room , where ''highly trained professionals are engaged , '' a voice-over announcer says , ''in the extremely precise process of adding fun to the Pentium processor . ''
Mr. Murdoch also said that the sale of shares in the News Corporation 's satellite-TV unit , Sky Global Networks , originally scheduled for next month , would be delayed at least several more months .
Suit by Wal-Mart Cleaners Asserts Rackets Violation
''Honeywell really does have great assets , and you 'll be surprised at what G.E .
The Oracle Corporation , the nation 's third-largest software company and one of the largest sellers of enterprise programs , said yesterday that it would start publishing a detailed explanation of its prices .
Such requests are common when two of the biggest companies in an industry propose merging , though some analysts say antitrust concerns make Express Scripts ' bid less appealing .
''Hasbro is in the throes of a major transition , '' Jill S. Krutick , an analyst for Salomon Smith Barney , said .
Liberty , a tracking stock of AT & T , is an independent investment vehicle of Mr. Malone 's that owns interests in a number of media and technology companies , including smaller stakes in Priceline and WebHouse .
Betty Dukes , who works for Wal-Mart in Pittsburg , Calif. , outside San Francisco , and who has been an employee for seven years , said that she , too , had been rebuffed in attempts to be promoted .
Apple 's financial woes have diverted attention from the company 's surprise acquisition of Next Software Inc. and the return of a co-founder , Steven P. Jobs .
For the year , Intel said its gross profit margin could be lower than expected as well -- perhaps 58 percent , instead of the previous forecast of 60 percent .
Boeing , he added , ''must have realized that unless they made major concessions , the commission would act against them . ''
The action came in two steps -- a finding by the Pentagon that the General Dynamics bid would reduce competition in the construction of nuclear submarines and other military vessels , followed by an announcement that the Justice Department had filed an antitrust suit to block the deal .
''Xbox 1 was very much ready , fire , aim , '' said J Allard , corporate vice president at Microsoft and a leading architect of the Xbox effort .
Microsoft 's lead trial lawyer , John Warden , asked him about America Online 's proposed purchase of Netscape , a deal that Microsoft argues is proof of healthy competition in the software industry .
Since then , the rival chains Tesco , J Sainsbury and Asda , which is owned by Wal-Mart Stores , as well as an entrepreneur , Philip Green , have jumped into the bidding .
The returnees are ''Dancing With the Stars '' on ABC , ''NCIS '' on CBS and ''Gilmore Girls '' on CW .
For the Xeroxes of the world , meanwhile , spinning out ventures is a relatively risk-free way to participate in new technologies without weakening their concentration on main product lines .
Andy D. Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer , said competition and pricing pressure were among the company 's biggest challenges during the quarter .
More recently , Cisco 's fall may have incited some bargain-hunting in April and May .
Intel has a substantial lead in 65-nanometer manufacturing , and said Tuesday that it planned to add capacity in Arizona and Israel for a total investment of $ 9 billion in the most advanced generation of chip making .
Kohl 's is also able to control the size and timing of promotions because it gets better prices from its suppliers .
McDonald 's Corp introduces 13 new commercials from agencies around world with 'I 'm lovin ' it , ' theme , which it began eight months ago ; executive vice president Larry Light says phrase 'I 'm lovin ' it ' has become part of language ; photo ( M )
The companies -- Activision , Acclaim Entertainment and THQ -- said in securities filings late last week that securities officials had asked them for information in a nonpublic formal investigation .
Starbucks , which has about 2,000 North American shops , is opening 400 new shops this year .
It has now spent a total of $ 8.7 billion retiring 87 million shares in the last seven quarters , and has authorization from the I.B.M .
Now , 20 percent of all of the transactions on the site are on behalf of other merchants , like Target and Toys ''R '' Us , rather than for goods that Amazon itself sells .
Both Google and Yahoo currently offer extensive local search capabilities .
Yahoo Beats Earnings Estimates , but Sees Potholes on the Road Ahead
Texas Instruments , the semiconductor company based in Dallas , has increasingly shifted its focus toward specialized technologies like digital signal processors used in cellular phones , computers and automobiles .
The deal follows one in July in which Activision licensed the rights to make six video games based on Walt Disney Company movies , including the forthcoming ''Bug 's Life , '' ''Tarzan '' and ''Toy Story 2 . ''
The restructuring splits Cigna 's property-casualty business into one company for the continuing profitable business and a separate company for the unprofitable , discontinued business .
Or it could be , as Merck argued , that Vioxx was neutral , while naproxen actually reduced the likelihood of a heart attack .
Some Silicon Valley engineers and executives say that the Intel critics are being naive and have failed to understand that all devices connected to computer networks require identification features simply to function correctly .
AT & T offers a sex channel called the Hot Network to broadband subscribers and owns a company that sells sex videos to hotel patrons . )
Car dealers lots are jammed with 2001 cars as 2002 model year begins ; carmakers are wary of aggressive advertising , fearful of offending public with pitches that might seem insensitive in wake of Sept 11 terrorist attacks ; Ford , General Motors and Chrysler are mixing financial incentives with patriotic appeals , continuing all regular new-model advertising they had planned before attacks ; photos ( special section , Cars ) ( M )
Most of General Motors ' support goes to organizations in Detroit , like the Detroit Opera , Detroit Symphony Orchestra and Detroit Institute of the Arts , which opened the General Motors Center for African-American Art in 2000 .
Analysts expressed frustration that I.B.M .
Intel asserted a right to share information about its chips with whomever it pleased .
The Intel Corporation , the largest semiconductor maker , announced on Tuesday a new manufacturing process to make chips for cellphones and other mobile devices that use far less power than is currently possible , thus helping extend battery life .
Version 5.0 of America Online 's software has 138 options that make it confusing , a Microsoft executive said .
Captain Carriker , an engineering project pilot for Boeing who shuns the test pilot 's silk scarf in favor of a necktie in subdued paisley , is not demonstrating derring-do .
and Coke and gained a 50 percent share of Johnson & Johnson , a smaller Chicago listing .
To do this , I.B.M .
In his technical presentation on Sunday to an audience of several hundred people at the conference , called Def Con , Mr. Sklyarov argued that the security behind Adobe 's widely used Acrobat Portable Document Format , known as PDF , is inherently flawed .
Procter has also been reluctant to team up with retailers to develop private-label brands of detergent and other products that have been strategically essential for the retailers , Mr. Flickinger added .
Dispute between Interpublic Group of Companies and Bruce Nelson , senior executive who oversees Bank of America Corp account , has become public , not long after account was placed in review ( S )
Hopes for quick end to strike by more than 86,000 employees of Verizon Communications , nation 's largest telecommunications employer , are dashed after unions reject parts of company 's latest proposal ; union is still at odds with management over issues such as mandatory overtime , stress levels and movement of work resulting from Bell Atlantic 's $ 72 billion acquisition of GTE , which formed Verizon ( M )
After decades as a mainstay of the Seattle economy and a virtual emblem of the Pacific Northwest , the Boeing Company stunned its hometown today with an abrupt announcement that it would move its corporate headquarters out of the region .
Wal-Mart plans to open 40 supercenters in California over the next four years , and each will employ approximately 450 people .
Ms. Krawcheck noted that the bank 's revenue rose 9 percent in the quarter to about $ 22 billion -- evidence , she said , that a company as large as Citigroup can continue to chalk up gains .
Tom Noland , a spokesman for Humana , based in Louisville , Ky. , said the company had not seen the suit and could not comment on the specifics .
Both men declined to comment , and a company spokeswoman said Boeing would vigorously contest the lawsuits .
Merck , GlaxoSmithKline and Acambis are still in the running , while American Home Products said tonight that it had dropped out .
AT & T 's board initially rejected that offer , but Comcast has subsequently held additional talks with AT & T .
But a Microsoft lawyer , Rick Pepperman , pointed out that at the very time that the two companies were dickering over a license agreement in 1995 , Microsoft discovered that I.B.M .
''After the court rules , the administration will take a look at it , '' said Mr. Gray , who filed a brief on behalf of the Association for Competitive Technology , a pro-Microsoft trade group .
Without the charge , Intel had earnings of 81 cents a share .
The cable sale will not be completed until near the end of the year , and while AT & T plans to issue new shares to track its consumer unit at some point this year , the structure and details of that offering remain unknown .
The group discovered that eBay users seem to favor country singers .
That is because almost everything that AT & T would receive in any dissolution of the joint venture would end up belonging to Comcast .
The announcement came as Boeing is still struggling to recover from a disastrous decision in 1996 to raise airplane production to record levels in order to meet booming demand from the world 's airlines .
Company officials say they want to encourage a wide array of equipment manufacturers , and that one of the reasons they chose I.B.M .
After more than a month of silence , a dissident group of retired Morgan Stanley executives described in greater detail their proposal to split the firm in two , in a further assault on the leadership of Philip J. Purcell .
This year , the General Motors Corporation is making its most aggressive attempt to revive sales of its biggest lines , Cadillac , Oldsmobile and Buick .
This eliminates extensions from non-Apple applications , which are often the cause of RAM-related problems .
AT & T is clearly inviting the three suitors to sweeten their bids .
The new service , which is to be called AT & T Pocketnet , will enable users to display data on the phone 's small three-line , liquid-crystal display screen for sending and receiving E-mail and other information .
( About 10 percent of Comcast 's customers in my county had intermittent service or none at all , I found out later . )
Mr. Barton declined to say whether Microsoft would introduce a similar system for airline tickets and car rentals , but he said there was no reason that it would not if the hotel offering was successful .
Those numbers would indicate that in the early going at least , Wal-Mart 's $ 4 prescriptions are not having a huge impact on overall sales of generic drugs in this country .
The Intel Corporation , the largest chip maker , on Thursday increased its revenue forecast for the second quarter because of strong sales of notebook computers that use its Centrino chip .
Pfizer found ways to save money and time .
''It is one of the most bizarre aspects of our business , '' said Douglas Eby , a portfolio manager at Robert E. Torray & Company , a money manager in Bethesda , Md. , that holds about $ 100 million worth of I.B.M .
''This brings to the surface the old question about I.B.M .
But General Motors sees things differently .
I.B.M .
The two banks would still lack a substantial presence overseas unlike Citigroup , analysts have said .
Among the stocks leading the Nasdaq higher , Oracle rose 79 cents , to $ 15.30 ; Cisco Systems picked up 26 cents , to $ 19.26 ; Intel gained 41 cents , to $ 27.01 ; and Juniper Networks jumped $ 2.32 , to $ 42.53 .
In June , Xerox acknowledged that it had uncovered serious accounting improprieties in its Mexican businesses , and a former financial employee is now accusing the company of ''significant accounting and financial reporting irregularities '' in other countries as well .
The Europeans want it renewed while the United States has argued that Airbus has become a serious rival of Boeing and is no longer in need of subsidies .
The laggard of the three was the International Business Machines Corporation , whose earnings rose but whose revenues declined 5 percent in the first quarter .
Microsoft also filed a countersuit yesterday against the 20 states involved , asking the Federal court to toss out claims made under state antitrust laws .
The slim $ 250 gadget , currently sold at CompUSA and Best Buy , lets you watch live channels from your home cable or satellite hookup on any Windows PC , as long as you 're connected to the Internet at broadband speed and have broadband Internet access at home .
Exxon Mobil To Face Suit Over a Spill In Nassau
Douglas Kennett , a Boeing spokesman , said Lockheed 's latest charges were ''regrettable '' and that they ''willfully mischaracterized portions of documents under seal . ''
To make the merger work , he said , Boeing will establish an orientation course to tell new employees from McDonnell Douglas , and remind Boeing workers , what the goals are for Boeing .
`` My husband took an AT & T buyout in 1989 , my cousin will probably accept this one , and my daughter who just had twins is worried about losing her manager 's job . ''
The lawsuit stated that while 65 percent of Wal-Mart 's hourly employees are women , only 33 percent of Wal-Mart 's managers are .
AT & T , which says publicly that its cable television business is 'not for sale , ' is reportedly weighing and perhaps even soliciting bids ; range of potential deals has expanded since Comcast Corp made unsolicited bid ; include spin off by AOL Time Warner Inc of its own cable operation into new company that would also include AT & T 's cable assets ( M )
While the leaders strongly endorsed the new contract , which Boeing submitted early on Saturday , they were disappointed that they did not get more firm job guarantees from the company .
Still , Mr. Lanier , who is nothing if not confident , said he had taken a calculated risk by flooding the jury with documents showing Merck 's concerns instead of presenting the evidence in chronological order .
`` The bottom line is that we have found it extraordinarily difficult , '' said David Jefferson , a regional vice president at AT & T , who is overseeing the company 's foray into the local phone market here .
Even if , as Microsoft once colorfully argued , that meant bundling a ''ham sandwich , '' or anything else , in its flagship Windows operating system .
Seaman said in no way would Pfizer help to shape the issue , Mr .
But news of a brief flirtation with Citigroup overshadowed the optimistic outlook .
''With the brand power Motorola has , it should be able to reap higher benefits , '' said William Choi , an analyst with Kaufman Brothers , an investment bank .
Since the program started in June 2001 , Pfizer has been getting a greater share of the more than $ 1.5 billion that Florida spends on Medicaid drugs each year .
Yet McDonald 's will have exclusive promotional access to the four animated films DreamWorks has committed to producing in that two-year period .
The commission also told the company to license to competitors the technical information for Microsoft 's software for server computers , which would give rivals equal footing .
Mattel said it planned new titles based on Rockett , Purple Moon 's spunky heroine , who favors spiky orange bangs and such issues as whether to join the popular clique at school .
''It makes Microsoft sound like a prison . ''
In contrast , Microsoft does not have free-standing operating units devoted to particular regions or types of products -- it has one headquarters , one set of sales and marketing subsidiaries around the world , one sales and marketing force , one product support organization , one basic research unit , one finance department , etc .
Mr. Letterman chuckled during his guest 's more hyperbolic riffs , but he tried to reason with Mr. Stern when the radio host claimed that Mr. Moonves was a disaster for all of CBS , pointing out that the television division had flourished under Mr. Moonves 's stewardship .
The company said sales of notebook and desktop processors had dipped in the quarter , and analysts pointed to Intel 's drastic price cuts as the cause .
Workers at a Wal-Mart store in Windsor , Ontario , will try to form a union for a second time , union officials said Wednesday .
After 114 years of calling Minneapolis home , Honeywell must move its headquarters to Morristown .
Citigroup is also planning more Citibank branches in Britain .
ELuxury , a division of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton , has occupied space on Amazon 's site since November .
AT & T is still in talks to sell its stake in the Time Warner Entertainment joint venture to its partner AOL Time Warner .
''Verizon 's hand is really forced ; they 'll have to raise their bid , '' said David Willis , an industry analyst at Gartner .
General Motors plans to enter the market in 2005 with a hybrid version of the Saturn Vue sport utility ; Chrysler , a unit of DaimlerChrysler , plans to produce a small number of hybrid versions of its Dodge Ram pickup .
The departure of Mr. Nazem , 45 , who is known as Zod , will follow a turbulent year at Yahoo that included a companywide revamping .
Raytheon , currently the world 's third-largest military and aerospace company and the dominant global missile maker , won United States Government endorsement last month for a bid to sell its own Amraam missiles to Britain for its Eurofighters .
Boeing , which normally relishes the missteps of its rival , is trying to avoid taking potshots this time .
But just one day after that announcement , Con Edison asked the commission to keep its request for the additional $ 36.4 million active as a safeguard in case Congress did not approve the appropriation or the legislation did not cover the cost of certain service interruptions and security upgrades .
About 3,000 union members and radical students marched through downtown Seoul on Saturday , carrying signs accusing General Motors of attempting to ''devour '' Daewoo .
But Amazon.com passed then .
While Wal-Mart 's coming effort might get more scrutiny , BitTorrent 's approach to selling video online represents a more radical departure from current video stores on the Web -- and an attempt to fix some of the problems that have plagued online video purchases , like excruciating download times .
Its members include I.B.M. , Intel and Hewlett-Packard .
In addition to considering Comcast 's price inadequate , AT & T 's board is concerned that the Roberts family would have too much voting control over a combined Comcast-AT & T cable operation .
Mr. Allaire has also attacked Xerox 's attitude toward its markets .
''Microsoft has been held accountable for its illegal conduct by a court of law , '' the attorney general said .
According to a person close to the Bancrofts , not every family member has embraced the idea of talking to News Corporation , but a sufficient number have at least become open to the idea of pursuing some kind of dialogue with potential buyers .
''On the bright side for Apple is that they have a good product lineup across the board , '' said Eric Lewis , International Data 's manager of personal systems research .
In billboarding its fashion talent , Gap seems to be signaling a fresh direction , promoting fashion over basics .
The second-quarter restructuring steps were the initial moves in previously announced plans to revamp Interpublic by cutting expenses faster and deeper than under previous management .
With Intel 's 266-megahertz Pentium II at $ 775 , analysts say Motorola has succeeded in beating its rival in terms of price and performance , at least for now .
The State of Virginia delayed the closing of a $ 767 million tobacco bond sale yesterday after the ratings on $ 18 billion in similar bonds were cut by Moody 's Investors Service .
With Mr. Purcell 's new focus on loyalty -- Mr. Pandit was forced out because he declared his fidelity to Morgan Stanley , not Mr. Purcell -- and the rapid promotion of Stephen S. Crawford and Zoe Cruz to co-presidents , many investment bankers claim that the firm 's spirit of meritocracy is fading .
Nike Trying New Strategies For Women ; Company Seeks Merger Of Athletics and Fashion
In early October , overwhelmed by thousands of foul-ups , Boeing temporarily halted production of the 747 as well as the smaller 737 .
Dissatisfaction with Michael D Eisner by members of Walt Disney Co 's board may be broader than previously realized , but few in Hollywood think Eisner is in imminent danger of losing his job ; Eisner is believed to have at least until November to demonstate that he is addressing company 's problems ; it will take at least that long to see how fall television season is faring for Disney 's ABC network -- and for board to address its own organizational problems and crystallize alliances among Eisner 's opponents and supporters ; Eisner 's boardroom critics go beyond most vocal so far , Roy E Disney , nephew of late Walt Disney , and Stanley P Gold , chief executive of Shamrock Holdings , which manages Disney family fortune ; Andrea L Van de Kamp , chairwoman of West Coast unit of Sotheby auction house , expressed concerns to Eisner last month about lowly status of ABC network and seeming lack of planning for his eventual successor ; graph ; photo ( M )
Intel will acquire Digital 's manufacturing operation in Hudson , Mass. , for much less than it would have cost to build a new chip factory , Mr. Barrett said .
In the fourth quarter , Motorola said that the Asian slide in particular hit its cellular phone , pager and semiconductor businesses .
Moody 's Investors Service lowers Sony Corp 's long-term credit rating by one notch , citing weakened outlook for electronics division ( M )
Mr. McVey said he did not know how Citigroup 's exposure to Enron broke down among its units .
The decision is a severe blow to a case brought in 1999 by some of the nation 's most prominent antitrust lawyers , who accused the Monsanto Company and other big agricultural seed makers of trying to control the booming market in genetically altered seeds in the 1990 's .
bought from Tiffany five replicas of the five-pound leaded-crystal trophy , and is inviting people who purchased Auras before it won the honor to borrow an award for a day or two .
M Douglas Ivester , in his first public appearance since his appointment as chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola Co , announces no major changes in strategy of company , National Soft Drink Assn leadership conference ; takes surprisingly conciliatory stand toward Coke 's opponents in industry , saying that the task of increasing beverage volumes gives 'great opportunity and room for all of us ' ; his photo ( M )
American Express Co concludes three-month review of most media planning and buying duties for its worldwide advertising account , with spending estimated at more than $ 500 million , by keeping agency that has been handling those tasks , MindShare ( S )
The two biggest auto and home insurers , State Farm and Allstate , have taken the lead in the price increases , and many smaller companies are following , analysts said .
If any company intended to take Microsoft up on its offer , it would probably be the Compaq Computer Corporation .
Acknowledging that AT & T did remain a highly innovative company after it was broken up , Microsoft argues in its brief that it was not the breakup that freed AT & T to compete and innovate , but an accompanying order to deregulate it .
Target , a subsidiary of the Dayton Hudson Corporation , said cigarettes accounted for less than half of 1 percent of its $ 15.8 billion in sales last year .
Vivendi Universal plans to accept preliminary agreement for its entertainment assets , equivalent of mere handshake ; final deal could still take weeks to complete ; suitor appears to be either General Electric 's NBC unit or consortium led by Edgar Bronfman Jr ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The A3XX , he said , with an estimated list price of up to $ 220 million , will be costlier than Boeing 's biggest plane , the 747-400 , which costs up to $ 180 million , ''but we are not talking double the price . ''
In his cross-examination of Mr. Borthwick , a Microsoft lawyer , Richard C. Pepperman , said that stripping components out of Windows would prevent a separate set of third-party programs that depended on them from working .
The largest information technology services company , International Business Machines is also a major global supplier of software and hardware to corporations .
In 1965 , General Motors hired private detectives to investigate Ralph Nader after the publication of ''Unsafe at Any Speed . ''
''July globally was an unbelievably good market , '' said Mark Hantho , a managing director in equity capital markets at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , ''In August the brakes were firmly applied , almost nothing was working in the market .
And just to make sure that it gets the word out on these deals , I.B.M .
Protests from intellectuals , small shopkeepers , large competitors and leftist legislators have done nothing to slow Wal-Mart 's charge across Mexico .
Mr. Bahr has threatened a walkout on Aug. 2 by 75,000 Verizon workers in 12 states in the Northeast if the company does not agree to strong contractual provisions to pave the way to unionize nearly 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless , which Verizon controls .
Ed Adler , a spokesman from Time Warner , said in an interview that AOL and Time Warner had committed themselves to offering diverse content .
As part of that settlement last month , regulators asserted that Citigroup bankers and brokers knowingly engaged in spinning and that the firm failed to supervise its employees in this process .
Verizon Communications introduces phone booth as its newest weapon in competition to dominate broadband communications market in future ; Verizon says subscribers to its high-speed Internet access service will be able to go online wirelessly at no charge when they are near Verizon phone booth in Manhattan ; Verizon says 150 phone booths have already been equipped with radio-signal technology , popularly known as Wi-Fi , to enable mobile computer users who are within 300 feet of booth to connect to Internet ; about 1,000 booths covering virtually all of Manhattan and few spots in other boroughs will become Wi-Fi 'hot spots ' by end of year ; map ( M )
And while many analysts recently lowered their earnings estimates for the year -- the Thomson Financial/First Call consensus is that Honeywell will earn $ 2.65 a share , down from predictions of $ 2.70 last month -- most still rate Honeywell a strong buy .
She said the move was a ''first step '' and that Verizon planned to offer the same limited option soon in the other 26 states in which Verizon operated .
Europe Goes On Offensive In the Case Of Microsoft
Within the broad brush strokes of Cisco 's report , the finer points appeared to offer both cause for optimism and some mild concern for investors .
AARP chief executive William Novelli announces marketing partnership , potentially worth millions of dollars , under which Home Depot will sell new line of products like electrical and bathroom fixtures specifically designed for older adults who want to continue living on their own ; says idea will later be expanded into other categories ; Home Depot says products would be reviewed by independent board to ensure they meet AARP standards ( M )
With the I.B.M .
Dave Watson , executive vice president for marketing at Comcast , said the company never created individual use logs , nor intended to .
The recall in Belgium and Luxembourg affects all products sold by Coke , including Coca-Cola , Coca-Cola Light , Sprite , Fanta , Nestea , Aquarius sports drinks and Bon Aqua water .
Maura C. Breen , Verizon 's chief marketing officer for the consumer and small-business segments , said it was likely that a number of those homes would be in new suburban developments .
''Citigroup was in the doghouse itself just a few years ago , '' said Neil Katkov , a bank analyst in Tokyo for Celent Communications .
Is it the phantom of Amazon.com ?
Nevertheless , many industry analysts say that Mr. Young also deserves lots of credit for the turnaround at General Motors do Brasil .
These people tended to be more comfortable with Microsoft and its arsenal of applications that included not only operating systems but also word processing , spreadsheet and communications software .
( Google sells the advertising and splits the fees with Amazon . )
But setting up fake corporations was only the beginning , according to the insurance companies , Progressive Auto Insurance ; Allstate ; Geico , a unit of Berkshire Hathaway ; and New York Central Mutual .
European officials object that a deal between EMI and Time Warner would reduce the number of worldwide music distributors to four from five , and they are pushing for divestitures that the companies are loath to offer .
The revenue and profit forecasts , however , were slightly lower than analysts had expected , helping push Motorola 's shares down 22 cents , or 1.2 percent , to $ 18.50 .
But Wall Street today was more concerned about Intel 's plans for weathering the rough times ahead , especially because the company had erred in its predictions for the last two quarters .
Microsoft said revenues were stronger than expected and would come in at $ 6.5 billion to $ 6.6 billion , up from the company 's previous estimate of $ 6.3 billion to $ 6.5 billion .
The company cites estimates from DFC Intelligence , a game industry research firm , that the online gaming business will grow from an $ 875 million today to $ 5 billion in five years .
Boeing has refused to grant the bonus plan to its engineers .
Comcast said 200,000 new customers subscribed to its digital television plans .
A judge on Wednesday rejected a request for accelerated indictments against 29 people , the Bank of America and two auditing firms , dealing a blow to prosecutors who were seeking a fast trial in the collapse of Parmalat , one of the world 's biggest corporate fraud cases .
Nike 's advertising in Japan is handled by an alliance of Wieden & Kennedy and the Toyko office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
That situation foreshadowed the frustrations Union Pacific has faced since its 1996 acquisition of Southern Pacific , which turned out to be far more trouble than anticipated .
After AT & T 's announcement last week , shares of I.B.M. , which bought Lotus for $ 3.5 billion in 1995 largely to acquire Notes , plunged 4 percent last Thursday .
Shares of Charles Schwab fell 11 cents , to $ 8.46 .
Lately , it 's been hard to tell what kind of company Wal-Mart plans to become .
Since the 1940s , when Boeing built a factory there , Renton 's fortunes have been tied to the airplane industry .
Compaq responded , she added , by agreeing to include Microsoft 's software for the Internet .
The merger also constrains VeriSign 's ability to form partnerships or strategic alliances with a generation of companies that now compete with Network Solutions in registering domain names , analysts said .
In recent years , Airbus has clawed its way to roughly half the world market for commercial jetliners , often evoking a mixture of aggression and disdain from Boeing .
Rupert Murdoch , News Corporation 's chief executive , said during a conference call with analysts and reporters yesterday that the company would decide on its next United States cable channel before the end of the year , although he played down speculation that it would start a business news channel to compete with CNBC .
Microsoft said today that it had agreed to make changes in a children 's version of its Passport authorization software after an advertising industry watchdog group challenged the service over issues of parental control and privacy .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York and its media services unit , Western International Media , acquired Herbert Zeltner Inc. , a media and advertising consulting company in North Salem , N.Y .
I.B.M .
Mr. Plaza of Morningstar said Aetna was ''a little late '' in raising premiums because a three-year ''underwriting cycle '' in insurance pricing was likely to change direction .
An Oracle Spinoff Will Stress Cell Phone Access to the Internet
Industry analysts agreed that the reduced cost of installing an Oracle server should help the company , which already dominates the database server market , and improve its showing in the more wide-open application server market .
Since Comcast made its unsolicited $ 44.5 billion offer for AT & T Broadband on July 8 , Comcast has been forced to wait as AT & T 's chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , has talked to other media companies including AOL Time Warner , Disney and Microsoft in an effort to drum up a bidding war for AT & T Broadband .
Intel and Microsoft , competing directly against many companies in consumer electronics industry , are mounting new charge to make personal computer heart of home entertainment systems ; arrival of all-in-one PC 's that combine television tuner , video game machine , stereo jukebox , DVD player and digital photo archive , is aimed at letting computer industry make big inroads into consumer market as digital television replaces conventional analog TV ; new device known as Media Center PC , with processing designed by Intel and software by Microsoft , leads computer industry 's invasion ; photo ( M )
The Coca-Cola Company announced an innovative plan yesterday for paying outside directors : If earnings per share do not rise fast enough over a three-year period , directors will receive nothing .
Along with reviewing potential acquisitions for Citigroup , Sir Deryck has most recently been overseeing the Internet businesses and serving as chairman of Citigroup Japan .
In the past , Bank of America had a two-tier structure where its private bank catered to customers with more than $ 3 million and family wealth advisers served those with $ 50 million or more .
This week , the Authors Guild protested Amazon 's recycling program by asking its 8,200 members to remove links to Amazon from their Web sites .
Mr. Snyder said one weak spot for Verizon Wireless was its failure to sell more data services through cellphones .
Lawrence Keusch of Goldman Sachs is one who is advising investors to buy Boston Scientific .
Wall Street has also been worried about when Boston Scientific will be able to satisfy regulators that it has dealt with quality-control shortcomings cited in separate warning letters sent to Guidant in December and Boston Scientific in January .
Mr. Ballmer described this blending of software and services as ''a bit more a paradigm shift '' than some of the transitions Microsoft has made in the past .
The company lagged in sales of new software licenses , a fundamental measure of Oracle 's fiscal health .
-- that is also appearing in other Kodak advertising .
Bank of America forecasts there could be a decline of about 7 percent in revenue from MBNA over the next couple of years as rivals withdraw card operations .
Tomorrow , Time Warner plans to announce that it has begun selling access to the Internet to 400 cable subscribers in Akron , Ohio .
''At today 's prices at the pump , you do see some impact on the margin at least , '' said George Pipas , the Ford Motor Company 's chief industry sales analyst .
Although its software can convert some types of WMA files into compatible formats , Apple has championed the Advanced Audio Coding format .
Stephen Crawford , Morgan Stanley 's chief financial officer , said the firm 's energy trading business would remain profitable , ''just less profitable than we 've been in the past . ''
Mr. Grubman 's name is not the first name associated with big dollar signs at Citigroup .
Russ Cooper , whose job title at the TruSecure Corporation is ''surgeon general '' and who speaks on computer safety issues , said customers should ''start demanding more secure software from Microsoft . ''
The iPod owners who own PC 's and go to the unrelentingly chic stores for an expert 's help are often seduced by Apple 's self-conscious hipness .
In the early days , Netflix horror stories ( scratched or lost discs , long delays ) were commonplace .
''One of the real challenges Mattel has is to educate Wall Street that they are not just the Barbie company anymore , '' said Chris Byrne , an industry consultant and editor of the Toy Report , a weekly newsletter .
David Russell , Apple 's director of wireless products , said that his company had decided to support only a limited number of tasks for Bluetooth for now .
''This is indeed an important case , '' Microsoft 's brief said .
Because of the parts shortage , General Motors closed two additional plants today , a sport utility vehicle factory in Arlington , Tex. , and a mid-size sedan factory in Wilmington , Del .
Market leaders like Match.com , a unit of USA Interactive , and Yahoo Personals , are now turning to well-known creative shops and significantly increasing marketing budgets .
Amazon.com is wrapping up its first holiday season in which it has featured such goods and others in distinct ''stores , '' or categories .
Corning has agreed to continue handling accounts payable and other functions for a few years .
But Mr. Rose said the people who signed that contract did not realize that Compaq had agreed in a telephone call with Microsoft executives a few days earlier not to tamper with those icons .
Millions of American men grab their credit cards every weekend and head to Home Depot or Best Buy to fulfill their heart 's desire with hardware and technology .
Board members and senior executives of Marsh & McLennan , the giant insurance broker that has been accused of cheating customers , put millions of dollars into a partnership that profited by buying companies from Marsh and investing in companies that work with Marsh .
The three chains have said that they need concessions because mighty Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer , will soon open the first of 40 grocery-selling supercenters planned for Southern California over the next five years .
There is more to Boston Scientific than the troubled heart stent and defibrillator businesses for which it is best known -- enough , in fact , that the company predicts it could raise at least $ 1 billion by spinning off a portion to the public .
Last month , Lockheed said it would acquire the federal information technology unit of Affiliated Computer Services .
Former Chief of Lotus Joins On-Line Venture With AT & T
Apple Computer officially releases latest version of its multimedia software for Windows and Macintosh systems ; software offers high-quality playback for both streaming and stored video and audio files , component that can display video and image files in wide variety of formats and support for MP3 and other compression technologies ; photo ( M )
Mr. Liddle will remain chairman of Interval , which like Xerox 's PARC laboratory , is in Palo Alto , Calif. , but will no longer be involved in the organization 's day-to-day activities , according to the employees .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Micron Shares Drop After Loss Is Posted
Motorola Inc. and the Nokia Corporation said yesterday that they had filed a federal lawsuit in an effort to reclaim about $ 3 billion owed to the companies by the Uzan family , owners of Telsim Mobil , a Turkish telecommunications company .
Analysts said that the announcements reflected I.B.M .
Amazon removed that question from the search results page after it received a complaint from a member of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice , a national organization based in Washington .
News of the stockpiling worried investors on Tuesday , as they recalled that Intel was plagued by an inventory buildup last year .
The answer , of course , is Kodak .
Likewise , Microsoft 's Xbox game console , although it started slowly , gradually began to wear down the Sony PlayStation 's lead in that market .
Kent Kresa , the Northrop Grumman chief executive , expressed disappointment at the General Motors Corporation 's rejection of his company 's bid for Hughes , but said that no one at company headquarters in Los Angeles was ready to hang black crepe .
Best Buy , Wal-Mart and other chains each carry a sub- $ 300 model or two , which offer roughly the same features as the Gateway .
''The Internet is the ultimate market , '' said William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman and chief executive .
Silicon Valley , which for years hungered for company mighty enough to best Microsoft , now frets that phenomenally successful Google may be moving away from entrepreneurial culture that produced it , toward corporate culture that some consider arrogant ; complaints like hoarding of top engineers and treatment of partners are fueled by latest plans to sell 14 million more shares , adding $ 4 billion to cash reserves ; photo ; chart ; graph ; Max Levchin , who founded PayPal , says he is surprised at how fast reputation is changing ; Bill Gates himself says Google is more like Microsoft than any other competitor .
But Frontier lost its charter client , Church & Dwight , after an architect of Frontier -- Mark Stewart , a top executive at the Universal McCann media agency of Interpublic -- left to join the OMD media agency owned by the Omnicom Group .
The one category in which Amazon has not been able to achieve leadership has been children 's products .
Design Museum of London names Jonathan Ive , British-born father of Apple 's iMac computer , designer of year ; photos ( S )
Mr. Jobs , however , gave every indication that Apple is solidifying its consumer strategy of selling easy-to-use digital software and hardware focused on music and video , as it strives to re-establish itself in the corporate world by aiming to create a more stylish alternative to dominant players like I.B.M. , Sun , Dell and Hewlett-Packard .
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange , shares of Citigroup rose $ 1.625 , or about 3 percent , to $ 53.25 .
He will report to Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chairman .
hat , or are all your life Republican , when Wal-Mart comes to town , they build or drive you out of business , or your neighbor , or they put a road where it used to be your front yard -- that 's an equalizer . ''
The Interpublic Group of Companies is in the final stages of discussions to form an alliance with Facebook , the popular social-networking Web site for students .
An article in Business Day yesterday about several executives of American International Group who resigned from a private holding company run by A.I.G .
But today Nokia said that its market share for mobile phones in the second quarter would increase to 38 percent , further widening the gap between itself and rivals like Motorola and Ericsson .
Simon Property Group , nation 's largest mall owner , takes its $ 1.5 billion bid for Taubman Centers directly to shareholders ; Taubman Centers , which rejected Simon Property 's original unsolicited bid of $ 17.50 a share , says its board will consider new bid of $ 18 a share ( S )
For example , General Motors recalled 713,435 midsize cars from the 1988-91 model years , because bolts could corrode and pull through a cradle supporting the engine , causing a loss of steering .
Ever since Michael F. Price sold the management company of the Mutual Series funds to the Franklin Templeton Group for a small fortune two years ago , the funds have labored under a cloud of uncertainty .
The potential buyers -- which include Bank One , Lehman Brothers , the Wachovia Corporation , KeyCorp , Wells Fargo & Company and the New York Life Insurance Company -- submitted ''expressions of interest '' late Wednesday night to Goldman Sachs , which is managing the auction for Strong , the executives said .
Whether Mr. Galvin 's successor will be Mike S. Zafirovski , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , or an outsider is up in the air .
Microsoft will purchase interest-bearing securities that are convertible to AT & T shares during the next three years at a price of $ 75 a share .
Even the billions of dollars that Wall Street firms put up to ''make markets '' -- to buy and sell stocks from individual investors and mutual funds -- is no longer enough money to significantly slow the moves in companies like Microsoft and Intel , which are valued at well over $ 400 billion each .
As for the strategy he devised to create a new generation of software for the aging Macintosh hardware platform , the solution was either inspired or bizarre , depending on one 's perspective : buy Next Software Inc. from Apple 's co-founder , Steven P. Jobs , and turn the problem over to Mr. Jobs and his technologists .
I.B.M .
''He 's the Disney of sports , into the marketing of sports at the entertainment end , '' he said dismissively of the Nike chairman .
At its semiannual conference for developers on Monday , Intel will show off the new chips , which will be marketed as the latest members of the Xeon family and run servers at the low end of the market .
If a jury ruled against Microsoft , the treble damages would surely total several billion dollars , legal experts said .
The Amazon show was a chance to take a bit of a breather from all that .
Lockheed Martin wins $ 1 billion contract to build antimissile radar systems for South Korean Navy ; defense ministry says Lockheed 's Aegis system is viewed as superior to system offered by Thales of Netherlands ( S )
Amazon.com should amplify that trend , Mr. Simon said , because of its emerging role as a one-stop holiday shopping destination similar to portals like Yahoo , AOL and MSN , but with a retail pedigree .
Microsoft dismisses the debate over remedies .
The Microsoft case has bogged down in disputes over simple facts and questions about the veracity of witnesses .
until last year , said of Intel 's stance : ''That sounds lovely .
The AES Corporation said today that it was walking away from Britain 's largest plant and the roughly $ 3 billion it paid for it in 1999 after creditors refused to accept a plan to buy back some debt .
Toronto Firm Chosen to Renovate Tiffany Flagship Store
Growing investigation into insurance practices has ensnared General Re , one of Berkshire Hathaway 's main businesses , controlled by Warren E Buffett , raising possibility that Buffett 's gleaming reputation in corporate America may be tarnished ; Securities and Exchange Commission and New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer 's office have been investigating deal between General Re and American International Group that may have been artificially bolstered AIG 's finances ; investigators are looking into other so-called finite insurance deals by Buffett 's companies ; insurance experts , in defense of Buffett , say Buffett 's management of Berkshire is very different from Maurice R Greenberg 's time at AIG ; while Greenberg had his hands on practically every aspect of AIG , Buffett , known more for his investing acumen than management prowess , prefers to delegate ; Buffett has not been named in any of insurance probes ; photo ( M )
The transaction catapulted UBS to the second spot behind Morgan Stanley and moved Bank of America to No.4 , ahead of Goldman Sachs , according to Thomson Financial , which tracks deal data .
Speaking at the same Goldman Sachs conference a few hours later , Peter Chernin , president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation , flatly contradicted Mr. Robbins .
''We are asking that you please provide comments to me by noon , Wednesday March 6 , '' a Merck medical director , Dr. Ned S. Braunstein , wrote in an internal e-mail message .
Amazon.com has no control over what those independent merchants , like Drugstore.com ( which sells home pregnancy tests ) , do with the information .
The I.B.M .
A General Motors Axle Supplier Is Also Facing a Strike Deadline
Consider Susanna Seaman , who was fired from her job as a customer service representative for Verizon Communications Inc. in Sarasota , Fla. , in April for using a crude expletive .
Honeywell has its own take on the wireless Web , which , if not as big as all outdoors , is at least as big as your backyard .
Once Brasil Telecom satisfies the regulatory inquiry on Citigroup 's role , it can turn its attention back to sorting out the dispute with Telecom Italia .
KODAK APPOINTS PRESIDENT OF CONSUMER IMAGING
Circuit City did about 5 percent of the nation 's retail appliance business , Whirlpool said .
Eastman Kodak has not only beefed up the photo-related services it offers on its own but has also taken stakes in numerous Internet companies that put Kodak 's name on their sites .
Pfizer , facing competition from other drug makers , looks for a younger market for Viagra .
Many customers have yet to accept Microsoft 's contention that computer software should be subscribed to as a Web-based service rather than purchased as a product they own and use , as most is today .
Bank of America was one of the first mutual fund managers mentioned in connection with questionable practices , as part of a $ 40 million settlement that Mr. Spitzer reached last September with Edward Stern , a hedge fund manager who traded in and out of Bank of America 's mutual funds , known as Nations Funds .
Still , not all in the industry were comfortable with the teaming of Fox News and Clear Channel , widely regarded as more conservative than a navy blue Brooks Brothers suit .
Its ability to filter content for its customers is among the points the article addresses , with such observations as , ''The First Amendment prevents censorship by the government , but Wal-Mart is now so huge that its perfectly legal corporate policies can hinder freedom of choice . ''
Yesterday 's ruling in the I.B.M .
The mood yesterday , though , was determined by jittery investors who sold far more than just technology stocks on worries that Intel represented just the beginning of a parade of forthcoming earnings alarms .
Dow Jones industrial average drops 379.21 points , or 3.6 percent , to 10,034.58 , its lowest level since March on news that oil prices are surging , tumoil in Middle East is escalating and earnings at Home Depot will be worse than expected ; Nasdaq composite index loses 93.81 points , or 3 percent , closing at 3,074.68 , its lowest point for year ; Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index falls 34.81 points , or 2.6 pecent , to 1,329.78 ; all major stock indexes are deep in negative territory for year ; Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index is down 9.5 percent so far while Dow Jones industrials have lost 12.7 percent of their value and Nasdaq is down 24.4 percent for year ; graph ; chart ( M )
''Akamai deployed $ 4 million worth of caches and accelerated Yahoo 's performance , '' said Peter Christy , an analyst with Jupiter Communications .
Microsoft , for example , acknowledges a quirk in certain versions of Outlook Express that mangle some e-mail messages that start with the word ''begin . ''
PC makers note that they learned of Microsoft 's three-icon policy only after Compaq Computer announced that it had reached a deal with AOL to place an icon for the AOL service on the Windows XP desktop screens of its machines .
The current version can open picture attachments ; the final version , Yahoo says , will also let you open Microsoft Office documents , among other enhancements .
Sales were up 10 percent each for Pfizer and Schering , 14 percent for J. & J. , and 19 percent for Merck .
''They make an appropriate move , and we feel we would like to remain involved , '' said Julie Goodridge , president of Northstar Asset Management in Boston , a money manager emphasizing social responsibility that owns 6,455 Wal-Mart shares and has contemplated selling them .
H & R Block names Campbell Mithun Esty to handle creative duties for its worldwide advertising account , with billings estimated at $ 100 million ( Advertising column ) ( S )
Analysts said yesterday that the public spats between Pfizer and Warner-Lambert had just begun .
While he has been obliged to sell shares at prices he may consider too low , as Viacom 's chairman he endorses the buyback plan .
Mr. Ivester , a 20-year company veteran and a principal mechanic behind the Coke machine , is expected to try to reassure investors at the Manhattan conference that the long-term outlook for Coca-Cola remains positive .
officials said they would continue to assess Boston Scientific 's new-product applications .
Nike Selects Agency For Thai Operation
In a move to refocus on its chip-making operations , Intel said that it would sell most of a division that makes software to manage computer networks .
Microsoft chairman Bill Gates , in his last day of testimony before Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly , acknowledges that modular version of of his company 's Windows operating system that he has said would be impossible to produce is already being sold to some customers ; major restriction sought by nine states pursuing antitrust policies against Microsoft would require company to provide version of its Windows operating system that would allow computer makers to pick which Microsoft 's programs to include with it ; states contend that would enable consumers to choose from broader range of differently priced systems with programs produced by Microsoft rivals ( M )
Fellow and vice president of the I.B.M .
The Michelin North America account had been at the New York office of DDB Worldwide , part of Omnicom , for 17 years .
Even if Vodafone is able to extract itself from its relationship with Verizon Wireless on good terms , Vodafone would still have to pay more than Cingular , which has every reason to pay the most .
So I went back to the Yumyum.com home page and , with $ 1 in mind , clicked on the Click to Give box that would take me to an Amazon.com server to complete the credit card transaction .
Mr. Banks contrasted the AOL-Time Warner deal with another pending media megamerger , the acquisition of the CBS Corporation by Viacom Inc. : ''This is a convergence , a confluence of old and new media , creating new opportunities for our clients .
The company did not provide details on the agreements , but a Boston Scientific spokesman , Paul Donovan , said the agreements ''do not require any material changes to the transaction . ''
Indeed , Apple said on Monday that it would keep to a previously announced intention to ship the Apple Emate 300 and Messagepad 2000 Newton-based mobile computers this quarter .
Time Warner executives were convinced , meanwhile , that they had Disney cornered .
It has still not been determined what happened in an incident involving a Bank of America computer tape containing the files of more than a million customers that the bank recently said had disappeared .
Citigroup has already established its bond-selling prowess .
Brown analyst , said he thought the company would also sell some of its over-the-counter and prescription drug businesses , or even swap them for Bristol-Myers Squibb 's line of Clairol hair care products .
Barry Rosenblum , president of Time Warner Cable of New York City , said he had no problem with users who share a wireless network within their own homes .
His resignation from the board of United Technologies will take effect next spring .
AT & T Buying I.B.M .
Escalating an already bitter feud , the Simon Property Group will announce today that it is going directly to shareholders of A. Alfred Taubman 's shopping mall empire , Taubman Centers , with a sweetened takeover bid of $ 1.5 billion , bypassing the wishes of the company 's board .
But analysts said it was unclear how the new system would be more secure than existing ones , especially as it would allow transactions over the Internet itself , as well as through I.B.M .
Yahoo , meanwhile , is quietly evaluating an e-mail postage plan being developed by Goodmail , a Silicon Valley start-up company .
The bank has branches in just 9 states , compared with 21 for the Bank of America Corporation , the nation 's largest consumer bank , which has more than twice the deposits of Citigroup .
But Apple 's best hope for the future is to break from its past and renew itself as a technology innovator for the next generation of personal computers .
Union Pacific Railroad chairman-chief executive Richard K Davidson says railroad will resist plans by Federal regulators meant to restore competition because results would only further erode service ; Davidson makes remarks during interview while on inspection tour from Fort Worth to Dallas , Tex ; Davidson speaks three days after Surface Transportation Board ordered broadest review of rules governing railroads since they were deregulated in early 1980 's ; Davidson , attributing clogged tracks and yards to too much traffic and too little capacity , rather than too few carriers , says that even giving rivals temporary access to its tracks in Texas has only compounded tie-ups ; photo ( L )
Earlier in the day , Dr. Tevanian elaborated on his charge that Microsoft tried to force Apple to stop developing its Quicktime software for use on Windows computers .
For the last week , Pfizer has been polling shareholders and gauging their interest in an acquisition of Warner-Lambert .
But Mr. Gerstner 's move was widely foreseen within the company and the computer business , as was the decision by the I.B.M .
Mr. Hickey said Electronic Arts would finish its year with about $ 20 million in sales from mobile games , but he noted that the company recently dropped that projection from $ 24 million .
Since 1997 , Newport News and General Dynamics have evenly split the work on submarines .
Therefore , whether they are viewed separately or together , the OEM and IAP components of Microsoft 's anticompetitive campaign merit a finding of liability under Section 2 .
''From Apple 's standpoint , there 's always been pent-up demand for lighter Macs . ''
The Simon Property Group , the nation 's largest owner of shopping malls , made a $ 1.48 billion unsolicited bid yesterday for Taubman Centers , the real estate empire founded by A. Alfred Taubman , the former Sotheby 's chairman .
The Department of Justice 's antitrust division today advised Microsoft that it will not seek a breakup of the company in remand proceedings before the U.S. District Court .
Amazon stock is down on the news , but the employees -- at least the ones not being laid off -- have reason to be happy .
Microsoft has plenty of competition in the emerging market , and Office 's past success could prove an obstacle .
Intel said it would continue to work with consumer groups to allay fears about the new chip .
Based primarily on the outlook for its three biggest businesses -- cardiac rhythm management implants , spinal devices and implants to treat chronic pain and nerve diseases -- Medtronic forecast yesterday that it could keep up the pace into 2008 .
Under this more deferential standard , Microsoft 's conduct did not violate the Sherman Act .
Public Relations Consultant Joins Wal-Mart
Surprisingly large second-quarter loss by IBM 's semiconductor business raises questions about whether IBM can achieve its hybrid strategy of producing microprocessors for its mainframes and server computers , while also profitably making custom chips for outside companies ; internal demand consumes only about third of IBM 's plant capacity ; IBM 's approach to contract business varies from that of other chip makers ; stresses close ties with limited number of customers that want advanced chips ; graph of IBM sales and income ; photos ( M )
Goldman Sachs represented Hologic in the deal .
In fact , AT & T executives , who had originally said that they would offer the service to anyone who wanted it by March 14 , now explain their software scarcity as a deliberate strategy .
If the case is certified as a class-action lawsuit , it could represent more than 6,000 Allstate agents and be one of largest accusing a company of age discrimination .
Following are excerpts from oral arguments today in the Microsoft antitrust case before the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , as transcribed by the Federal Document Clearing House Inc .
General Electric Co names Jeffrey R Immelt , head of GE Medical Systems , to succeed John F Welch Jr as chairman and chief executive when Welch retires at end of 2001 ; names him president and chairman-elect ; two men say Immelt will immediately take significant role in running GE , news conference ; GE has expanded to broad-based conglomerate that is among most profitable companies in world since Welch became chief executive in 1981 ; two other candidates for top job , W James McNerney and Robert L Nardelli , are expected to leave GE ; graph of GE growth under Welch ; table of biographical data ; photos ( M )
But Ask Jeeves also provides service and consulting to other Web sites , like Dell.com and Nike.com , whose users can turn to Ask Jeeves for information specific to those sites .
Cisco said its pro forma net income , which excludes the effects of acquisition charges , payroll tax on stock option exercises and net gains realized on minority investments , was $ 1.20 billion , or 16 cents a diluted share , for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 , compared with $ 710 million , or 10 cents a share , for the fourth quarter of fiscal 1999 , increases of 69 percent and 60 percent , respectively .
warned Merck that its promotional campaigns for Vioxx were minimizing the cardiovascular risk of the drug and that it was misrepresenting the results of the 2000 study .
Intel executives attributed the company 's strong results to increased sales of higher-priced chips used in notebook computers , wireless networks and cellular handsets .
But Microsoft 's potential advantage , analysts say , is its ability to link its cellphone software to its desktop PC software , a Microsoft stronghold .
John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric , said he was not trying to sell his forthcoming memoirs when he made his public debut as an author at BookExpo , the annual book industry convention , here on Friday .
''All I can say is we 're disappointed with today 's ruling and still need to review the details of the court 's decision , '' Jim Desler , a Microsoft spokesman , said .
But Mr. Fisher argued that Microsoft decided to give away its browser software only to thwart the threat to its dominance posed by its main rivals in Internet software , the Netscape Communications Corporation , developer of the Navigator Web browser , and Sun Microsystems Inc. , creator of the Java programming language .
Arnell Group Gets Bank of America Job
Cisco shares rose $ 2.56 , or almost 14 percent , to close at $ 21.38 yesterday , but Paul Johnson , an analyst with Robertson Stephens , said the gain was market related and had nothing to do with Mr .
''I think CVS will come back with a similar type of offer , '' he said .
But his disclosure yesterday that he considers the Comcast bid too low and his advice regarding AT & T 's investments in Time Warner Entertainment and Cablevision seems to run counter to that possibility , people close to AT & T said .
The busiest McDonald 's restaurant in the world is not in America but thousands of miles away in Pushkin Square .
For I.B.M. , the System/360 was an enormous undertaking and an equally huge risk .
Boeing dismisses chief financial officer Michael Sears and vice president Darleen Druyun , charging ethical misconduct in talks between them about job while Druyun was representing Pentagon in contract talks ; photos ; Boeing says two covered up discussions that took place during negotiations over multibillion-dollar contract to supply aerial refueling tankers ; chairman Philip M Condit statement ; Defense Department also probes whether Druyun gave Boeing proprietary financial data about competing bid from Airbus ; she joined Boeing after resigning as deputy assistant secretary ; critics see vindication of charge of $ 20-billion sweetheart deal ; Druyun 's daughter , Heather , also works at Boeing , and her suburban Washington home was purchased by company lawyer , John Judy , who worked on tanker deal ( M )
The quarter 's single heaviest session of trading came July 22 , the day Coca-Cola Enterprises released its second-quarter earnings and described the details of the capital-spending plan .
If it falls too far , AOL shareholders may consider the acquisition of Time Warner unfair and rebel against it , as Lycos shareholders did last year when their company announced a merger with USA Networks .
Not everyone owns Microsoft Word or the same fonts you may choose to use in your files .
The looming renegotiation is the latest episode in a takeover soap opera that began in March when Frontier agreed to be acquired by Global Crossing , an upstart international phone company , in a deal then worth $ 10.8 billion in stock .
For the past month , Chevron and Cnooc have been locked in a battle of nerves over who will end up controlling Unocal , a mid-sized independent oil company based in El Segundo , Calif .
SDI Technologies turned that around by creating the iHome clock radio , which Apple says was the strongest selling accessory last year .
also expects that profits for its financing arm , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , will fall slightly this year , ending a seven-year streak of earnings growth .
In March , two Democrats in the House of Representatives , Carolyn McCarthy of New York and Robert Andrews of New Jersey , introduced legislation aimed at preventing companies from forcing older employees into retirement and denying them pensions and other benefits , as the agents assert that Allstate did .
Mr. Greenberg said a Disney merger would not add value for Comcast shareholders .
Wal-Mart executives said an 8 percent expansion in floor space was pivotal to plans to increase sales and profits .
After two years of lackluster earnings and heavy criticism , Motorola has moved swiftly in the last six months .
Yahoo , too , is trying to differentiate itself through a customized browser that highlights its strengths , like its Launchcast radio service that creates a station to each users ' tastes .
A spokesman for Chevron , Don Campbell , said Monday that ''any conjecture about forgone royalties '' would be ''pure speculation and an academic exercise . ''
The warning about Vista comes a day before Microsoft 's top lawyers gather with regulators and rivals at a Brussels hearing about the company 's compliance with the 2004 ruling .
''Of the public companies , Yahoo is going to be a clear leader . ''
For its own part , Microsoft sees cable access to the Internet as a way for the company to potentially gain the same software dominance over millions of settop boxes as it currently wields over millions of personal computers .
Citigroup shares fall 10 percent as Prudential Financial analyst Michael L Mayo downgrades stock on growing concerns about bank 's potential losses in Latin America and its liabilities related to Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc ; Mayo releases report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $ 10 billion for Citigroup as result of its business with WorldCom and Enron along with other corporate scandals ; House committee investigating ties between executives at Citigroup and WorldCom release more documents after disclosures last week that Salomon Smith Barney , unit of Citigroup , allocated big portions of initial stock offerings to WorldCom 's top executives ; newest documents include e-mail message forwarded by Salomon 's former top telecommunications analyst Jack B Grubman to WorldCom executive saying that Salomon strategist was cutting WorldCom stock from firm 's recommendation list though Grubman continued to rate it highly ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Opening statements are set to begin in trial of Justice Department 's lawsuit to block Oracle 's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft ( M )
Antitrust Suit Turns Into A Partnership For Microsoft
The information will be reviewed by Medtronic senior management and an outside review group .
Mr. Berlusconi , through his company Fininvest , remains Italy 's unrivalled media boss with holdings that include the three largest private television stations , newspapers , a publishing house and a film production company .
Inspectors would repeatedly re-visit Alaska Airlines to see if it was carrying out its improvement plan , Mr. Lacey said .
Insisting that there had been no fundamental shift in strategy , the Coca-Cola Company 's largest bottler told investors and money managers in a rare conference call yesterday that its decision to raise retail prices earlier this year should improve the company 's cash flow and profitability despite a drop in volume .
For 44 years , Wal-Mart 's message was ''Low prices , always . ''
''Verizon came close to meeting this standard in Massachusetts . ''
For years , Gateway had been among the more restless of the PC makers , quietly complaining about Microsoft 's licensing restrictions .
One drag on MSN over the years , said several people who worked there , is that Microsoft has been conflicted about whether to treat the Internet as a media business or a form of software .
Microsoft Corp , in effort to bundle its WebTV for Windows software with Windows 98 , is offering manufacturers sigificant discounts on Windows 98 software if they agree to install television-tuner cards as standard equipment on their new computers ; cards , which cost about $ 50 to $ 130 , enable computer users to watch television on their monitors ; few .
An alliance of technology companies said today that it had filed a new complaint with European antitrust regulators about the Windows XP operating system of Microsoft , just as the regulators were nearing the end of an investigation into earlier versions of Windows .
The stock of The New York Times Company rose sharply yesterday on a report that Maurice R. Greenberg , the former chief executive of the American International Group , was accumulating a large number of shares , but late in the day he denied that he was drastically increasing his holdings .
Moreover , Yahoo , which runs the world 's largest Internet portal , predicted slower revenue growth in the year ahead , with reduced profit margins .
However , Mr. Bourkoff said he expected Comcast to be cautious .
''We 're trying to make this whole marketplace come true , '' Jon DeVaan , senior vice president for Microsoft 's consumer group , said Friday .
Although Komag is the only remaining independent supplier of disk media in the United States , both I.B.M. , during its transition to Hitachi , and Seagate will continue to manufacture disks for their own products .
And Microsoft decided that it did not want to contribute its e-mail , messenger and , most important , its new Live.com portal to the venture .
Earlier this month , Goldman Sachs & Company and GE Capital , a subsidiary of General Electric , offered to invest $ 1.5 billion to $ 2 billion , according to an investor in Finova debt , but their plan would also have meant that debt-holders would not have been fully repaid .
Under a settlement Microsoft reached with the Bush administration and nine of the other states that originally sued the company , computer makers would be able to hide the icons of certain Microsoft programs so that the user could not see them , but the underlying code would remain intact .
''Amazon lists only 8,301 'software programs ' under its productivity software categories , '' Mr. McKenzie writes in his paper , titled ''Microsoft 's Applications Barrier to Entry : The Missing 70,000 Programs . ''
Three large advertisers -- Dell , Nissan and Allied Domecq -- have awarded offices of the BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group accounts with combined billings estimated at more than $ 170 million .
The government faced a difficult choice : Sue to force Microsoft , the dominant company with the industry-standard operating system , to alter offending features of its product and risk unsettling a major industry , or stand aside , let the product be shipped and risk allowing a monopolist to march ahead unfettered ?
Several Microsoft employees who work with Dr. Zhang said that after he arrived in Redmond last year , he had to be gently reminded that staff meetings that carried on well into the evening interfered with the ability of his co-workers to get home to dinner with their families .
Almost six weeks after AOL and Time Warner announced their combination , the major firms have failed to produce a comprehensive look at the combined company 's prospects .
USA Today reported today that government lawyers appeared to have reached a consensus to break Microsoft into at least two and perhaps three companies .
The chances that AOL Time Warner will adopt Microsoft 's technology are a lot better today than they were a week ago .
Mr. Greenberg , who had been the heir apparent to his father , Maurice R. Greenberg , as the head of the American International Group , said today that he would become the chief executive of Ace Tempest Re , which sells insurance to other insurers .
For Kodak , joining forces with the leading producer of inkjet printers ensures Kodak a role as that technology begins to supplant conventional printing at the consumer level .
News Corp intends to take charge of about $ 2 billion against its earnings for current quarter as result of write-down at Gemstar-TV Guide International ( S )
joke , able to leap large oceans in a single cc 'd E-mail , the yuks over Microsoft 's latest contretemps with the Justice Department are spreading , viruslike , across the monitors of America -- many via Microsoft Word and Internet Explorer , the traitorous finks .
Lockheed Martin indicated that it might bid with its T-50 being co-developed with South Korea .
''I have been told that some of these executives in fact hope to see the Justice Department pursue a further case against Microsoft but have chosen to join Mr. Gates on the stage today because they feel that they have little choice but do so in order not to jeopardize their relationship with the industry 's most powerful and important player , '' Senator Hatch said in a statement issued on Wednesday .
Nike Air Pegasus $ 80
About 400 eBay sellers have signed an online petition against the new feedback system .
COCA-COLA EXPECTED TO REGAIN CONCESSION CONTRACT
It lost ground to low-cost machines from Compaq that won the consumer market , and Dell 's lean direct-sales approach won huge gains among I.B.M .
Kazakhstan reaches agreement with international consortium led by ChevronTexaco over financing of major oil field , ending dispute that rose in November , when Western companies in consortium sought to finance $ 3.5 billion expansion of Tengiz oil field in western Kazakhstan , lartest single oil development is Caspin Sea basin , using project 's oil revenues ; Kazakhstan government protested , saying plan would bite into its tax receipts ; consortium responded by shelving expansion plan ; ChevronTexaco 's vice chairman Peter Robertson says two sides agreed on funding plan ; ChevronTexaco owns 50 percent of venture ; other partners are Exxon Mobil , with 25 percent , and LukArco of Russia , with 5 percent ; photo ( M )
But Apple 's revenue fell short of expectations , at $ 3.68 billion , a 57 percent increase from a year earlier .
And Excite @ Home , a company in which Comcast was an early investor and which was created to sell cable broadband service , collapsed in bankruptcy in 2001 .
In addition , Microsoft encouraged analysts to cut their earnings and revenue estimates for its fiscal fourth quarter , which ends in June , as well as all of fiscal 2001 .
''At some point , the market will find a value for Disney and Comcast that we think is fair , '' Mr. Roberts said in a phone interview yesterday .
1 maker of Internet equipment , says it is close to introducing device that will allow communications carriers to route voice , video and data traffic on single system , and at fraction of current costs ; device , which Cisco calls virtual switch controller , is based on Internet technology and is meant to augment or replace existing communications switches made by companies including Northern Telecom Ltd and Ericsson AB ; Cisco identifies Lucent Technologies Inc as its main competition with Lucent 's recent $ 20 billion deal to acquire Ascend Communications Inc ( M )
Rob Bennett , the group product manager for Windows at Microsoft , confirmed last week that consumers would be ushered to Windows NT from Windows 98 , but he said a consumer version of NT was ''at least three to four years out . ''
Adelphia Communications and more than 200 of its subsidiaries file for bankruptcy protection ; company , which has been under investigation by Securities and Exchange Commission and two federal grand juries , says it will continue to provide cable service to more than 3,500 towns and cities and that employees will continue to be paid ; arranges loan of $ 1.5 billion to help it reorganize with J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup as lead banks ( M )
Mr. Boies tried to show his own demonstration tape on Thursday to counter Microsoft 's .
For Merck , Defense of a Drug Crumbles at a Difficult Time
The Comcast move , he said , was mainly an investment .
Big Contractor Sues Raytheon in the Sale of a Unit
''Personally , I think if Moody 's continues to behave like that , the market evaluation of Moody 's will go down , '' he asserted .
Several industry trade groups and legal experts agree with Apple 's assessment and have urged Judge J. Frederick Motz of the United States District Court in Maryland to reject the Microsoft settlement proposal .
Comcast is offering about 30 times the 2000 cash flow -- about $ 1.8 billion -- of the AT & T cable assets .
Apple 's iPod is the only digital media player that has really caught fire with consumers , and many new partnerships are predicated on technology that has yet to be created , especially for antipiracy .
THE advertising for Sprite , the popular lemon-lime soft drink sold by the Coca-Cola Company , is being revised significantly for the first time in almost seven years , following a rare decline in the brand 's sales and market share .
One worry did emerge yesterday : to jump-start sales , several mall retailers -- Gap , Express and Aéropostale , among them -- have been offering deep discounts that could eat into profit margins for the fourth quarter , said John D. Morris , an analyst at Harris Nesbitt .
As a government appointee , Ms. Creighton can no longer comment on the Microsoft antitrust case .
This would not be the first time Microsoft invested in related technologies .
On a day of rising stock prices , Humana led a broad decline in managed care stocks , plunging $ 5 , or 33 percent , to $ 10.0625 , a 52-week low , before rebounding to $ 12.1875 , still a drop of 25 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The new Honeywell , though , has promised Wall Street heady growth and has often said it would look to strategic partnerships to get it .
Intel said unit shipments of chips in the first quarter were approximately flat with units shipped in the fourth quarter of 1996 .
Morgan Stanley Group Inc. agreed yesterday to pay $ 20 million to settle a lawsuit brought against it by West Virginia over a failed investment strategy that ultimately cost the state $ 280 million and forced it to raise taxes .
FedEx was ''meticulous , thoughtful and analytical when they made their decision to buy the A380 .
Neither company would confirm that arrangement , but Halliburton 's latest public statement on the contract noted that the company remained ''a potential subcontractor . ''
In a telephone interview , Ms. Krawcheck said that Citigroup 's consumer business has been extremely strong worldwide , with the notable exceptions of Japan and Germany .
Analysts say that the quality of MSN 's results is still lower than its rivals , Google and Yahoo .
Kodak 's stock inched up 43.75 cents yesterday , closing at $ 68.125 , but few analysts believed this deal was behind the rise .
Good Jobs said it found published reports of 91 Wal-Mart stores having received tax refunds or credits , job training funds , community investment in roads and other subsidies ranging from $ 1 million to $ 12 million .
Comcast 's stock declined 50 cents , to $ 38.45 .
The lawyer , Jonathan G. Polak , said in a telephone interview that News Corporation executives agreed to consider the possibility of giving the material to the estates .
The Canadian arm of the international union has found more success with Wal-Mart than its United States counterpart , thanks in part to differences in labor laws .
Shares Plunge As Interpublic Delays Report On Earnings
Still , the practice is not without its pitfalls : three of McDonald 's office buildings in downtown Moscow have been for sale for well over a year .
By the late 1990 's , Johnson & Johnson 's share of the market had fallen sharply .
On a quarterly comparison , Morgan Stanley 's asset management business also had lackluster results .
Moody 's Investors Service sharply downgrades $ 17.5 million in bonds issued to build Warren County Landfill and places Passaic County 's solid waste bonds on a 'watch , ' move that often precedes lowered rating ( New Jersey Daialy Briefing ) ( S )
Intel executives also contend that the agency will be unable to show that the company 's decision to withhold information from its customers resulted in any harm to competition or kept chip prices artificially high .
Dr. LaMattina argues that Pfizer 's size is an advantage .
The lawsuit also said that the terms of a separation agreement negotiated with Mr. Burns called for him ''not to solicit , directly or indirectly , '' any General Mills assignments for a year , and for him to be paid ''at least $ 500,000 in separation pay , plus $ 1 million in deferred compensation , '' with $ 500,000 to be wired to him before Feb. 14 .
The two Enron deals with Citigroup are expected to be the subject of a hearing on Wednesday before the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , whose ranking members are Senators Carl Levin , Democrat of Michigan , and Susan M. Collins , Republican of Maine .
Microsoft says it intends to appeal as soon as Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson rules on the remedy , a ruling that is expected Thursday or Friday .
AT & T is expected to contribute its expertise in the high-speed switching technology known as asynchronous transfer mode , which enables a network to simultaneously carry voice , video and computer data .
The agents , who work on commission , say they should receive overtime pay because Allstate , starting in January 1999 , required them to keep their offices open more than 40 hours a week .
Analysts cautioned not too read too much into Oracle 's exceeding the earnings expectations of Wall Street because those estimates were based on Oracle 's own guidance , given at the beginning of the quarter .
Microsoft documents often contradict Mr. Gates 's professions of ignorance .
But Mr. Rose testified that the consumer unit did not realize that more senior Compaq executives had already agreed to include Microsoft 's browser and on-line software on the Windows desktop .
It has not been determined , Ms. Shapiro said , whether ads for Staples would continue using the well-known theme created by Freeman , ''Yeah , we got that , '' and the mnemonic device of a stapler loudly punching out the letters of the Staples name .
Mr. Donaldson noted that the settlement required Morgan Stanley not to deny the allegations , and added that that requirement applied to Mr. Purcell .
He described it as ''the best 99 cents I 've ever spent '' in an e-mail message last week to Jack Miller , the editor in chief of the news and gossip Web site As the Apple Turns ( www.appleturns.com ) .
Microsoft said a companywide trial of the service , called Windows OneCare , would begin next week .
Microsoft shall , when it releases a major Windows Operating System such as Windows 95 or Windows 98 , continue for three years to make the predecessor Windows Operating System available for licensing at a royalty no higher than the existing royalty to any OEM that desires such a license .
Intel 's third-quarter profit rose nearly 5 percent , to $ 2 billion ; revenue rose 18 percent , to $ 9.96 billion ; chief executive Andy D Bryant comments ( M )
In response to customer requests , the site continued to expand its food selection until late last year , when Amazon decided groceries could sustain their own store .
Commercial for Nike Inc wins Emmy Award for outstanding television commercial ; was created by Wieden & Kennedy ( S )
And now they want to blame Microsoft for their own mismanagement . ''
The AT & T Corporation announced yesterday that it would soon begin offering video and data communications to companies that operate toll-free numbers .
Although eBay , based in San Jose , Calif. , has encouraged sellers to embrace the store format -- even lowering its fees to 2 cents from 5 cents per item listed along the way -- the shift has been broader than the company expected , or wanted .
The New Economy column in Business Day yesterday about the competing visions of I.B.M .
Discussions by executives at Procter & Gamble and the drug makers Warner-Lambert and American Home Products continued over the weekend as Procter & Gamble explores whether to buy one or both drug companies in a deal that would create one of the largest consumer products and pharmaceutical companies in the world .
Motorola said it lost $ 206 million , or 9 cents a share , excluding special charges , in the three-month period .
Cablevision Systems reports 11.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue , to $ 1.3 billion , but widening of losses , to $ 305.8 million , from year earlier ; agrees to swap interests with News Corp in deal that will give it full ownership of Madison Square Garden , Knicks and Rangers ; News Corp , in return , will gain full control of three sports channels ( M )
and Texas Instruments to establish the technology as the basic platform for smart phones .
Though it has been ''a really difficult year so far , '' Mr. Crawford said , Morgan Stanley 's backlog of planned merger deals grew slightly in the quarter .
Wal-Mart shares rose 43.75 cents , to $ 43.125 , in the United States .
Computer makers could configure their machines to have them start a competitor 's software , but only if Microsoft first opted to do the same with its own equivalent feature .
The Justice Department wants to insure that Microsoft is curbed from using its Windows monopoly unfairly both to maintain that monopoly and to gain an unfair advantage in the emerging markets of Internet commerce and software .
More than half a dozen private equity firms have shown interest in buying the division , which publishes Verizon SuperPages directories in 35 states .
An alert service tied to CBS Sports is also in the works .
At the rate it has been going in 1999 , Citigroup will end the year with nearly $ 10 billion in profit .
In a conference call with journalists yesterday , McDonald 's and DreamWorks executives said that one example of the collaboration might be Shrek and Ronald McDonald appearing in commercials to sell McDonald 's products .
Bit by bit , the sales chipped away at the price of Cisco 's 7.3 billion shares .
Box-office disappointment for Walt Disney Co 's animated feature Treasure Planet has some in Hollywood concerned that Disney 's animated division is running out of gas ; opthers , however , are counseling patience ; Disney announces that it is lowering its 2002 earning estimates as result of unexpectedly weak performance ; $ 140 million production sold only $ 16.6 million of tickets in North American theaters in its first five days of release ; photo ( M )
The designers are collaborating with the designers at George , the British clothing chain Wal-Mart gained when it purchased the Asda European supermarket chain .
Microsoft 's tactics induced many Java developers to write their applications using Microsoft 's developer tools and to refrain from distributing Sun-compliant JVM 's to Windows users .
Any such announcement will not be accompanied by a news conference at CBS , however , several people close to Ms. Couric said .
Others , like executives at the Reuters news agency , have cautioned writers and editors about using the word ''terrorist . ''
Microsoft Corp plans to open up its online identification system to make it compatible with competing offerings under development by companies like America Online and others ; move comes after criticism from privacy groups , competitors and some industry analysts that Microsoft 's identification system , called Passport , could result in company 's holding trove of personal information on many millions of people and give Microsoft dominant role in Internet commerce ( M )
If it fails to gain control of Guidant , analysts said , Boston Scientific might go after St. Jude , which is based in St. Paul .
Shares in Aetna , the nation 's largest health insurer , dropped more than 17 percent yesterday after the company warned that its first-quarter earnings would be significantly lower than expected .
Prosecutors in Milan investigating collapse of Parmalat place Bank of America , Citigroup , Morgan Stanley , UBS , Deutsche Bank , Banca Popolare di Lodi and fund management arm of Banca Intesa under investigation for price manipulation ; prosecutors are seeking to establish how much banks knew about Parmalat 's financial condition in months before its collapse in December ( M )
A combined Adidas-Reebok would control about 20 percent of the market , but would still remain behind Nike , which has about a third of the $ 145 billion worldwide market .
''Xerox has lost the confidence of our technicians and management as a supplier for any equipment that would be attached to our network , '' said Michael Cushing , head of administration for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation , a longtime Xerox customer that could not persuade Xerox to help it hook new copiers into its network .
Chief among them , perhaps , is that the nation 's largest local telephone companies , SBC Communications , BellSouth and Verizon Communications , are not as financially formidable as they were a few months ago .
Wal-Mart has stores in Argentina , Brazil , Britain , Canada , China , Germany , Mexico and South Korea -- as well as a nearly 40 percent stake in Seiyu , a Japanese retailer .
''Mike Armstrong only considered the best interests of Citigroup shareholders when making decisions as a director , '' said Eileen Connolly , an AT & T spokeswoman .
Nonetheless , an Amazon spokesman , Bill Curry , declined to comment on its apparel business .
Ford told Goodyear that it was already charging more than its competitors for eight tire models , including the tires for the Explorer .
And Motorola Inc. said it would cut 2,000 jobs amid another revenue shortfall .
Mr. Yoffie characterized the deal as ''crucial and purely defensive '' for Google because it ''prevents Microsoft from being credible in search . ''
In a conference call with analysts after its announcement , Apple said that it had been significantly increasing its share in the United States education market .
News Corp .
The announcement comes after a campaign by the Rainforest Action Network , which has labeled Citigroup the ''most destructive bank in the world . ''
Plunk down $ 50 million or so , and you 've got yourself a Boeing Business Jet .
Yahoo can offer such targeting even though it does not know what most of its users have bought .
PFIZER SAID TO BUY LARGE DRUG RIVAL IN $ 60 BILLION DEAL
But from the beginning , according to Judge Elizabeth T. Maass , the Florida judge hearing the case , Mr. Kempf and Morgan Stanley 's legal team were obstructionist in their conduct , going so far as to hold back e-mail evidence requests made by Mr. Perelman .
Comcast and other cable providers are introducing phone service to wrest customers away from the regional Bell companies , which are starting to build fiber optic networks that will ultimately carry television .
The comments , made at the Milken Institute in Los Angeles , were interpreted by some human rights advocates as an effort by the young Mr. Murdoch , who heads the News Corporation 's Asian division , to ingratiate the company with Chinese leaders because of the company 's extensive business plans with China .
Judge Rules Against Intel In a Lawsuit
Correction : July 16 , 2004 , Friday An answer in the Q & A column in Circuits on July 8 , about improving the performance of Microsoft Word , transposed the article number dealing with that issue on Microsoft 's Web site .
Amazon said it had waived shipping charges of $ 30 million in the fourth quarter but received shipping fees of $ 121 million , implying that free shipping applies only on a minority of its orders .
Growing outcry over environmental and safety risks associated with natural gas terminals is blocking plans in many communities to build terminals , eroding hopes that imports of liquefied gas will provide any relief from high gas prices for years to come ; opposition has been most pronounced in California , New England and northwestern Mexico ; problems that companies have had in gaining approval for terminals , which can cost from $ 500 million to $ 1 billion and take three to five years to build , come at critical time for rapidly growing sector of energy industry ; companies that have canceled gas projects because of intense local opposition include Calpine Corp , ConocoPhillips , Marathon Oil and Exxon Mobil ; map ; photos ( M )
''The company 's response documents numerous ways in which the commission had ignored key information and denied Microsoft due process in defending itself , '' the company added .
In interviews , many -- though not all -- industry executives who discussed the government 's plan for Microsoft said they were skeptical that slicing off Microsoft 's application business would create a meaningful resurgence in applications software .
But KPMG ignored these warnings and failed to ask for evidence from Xerox to support its accounting practices .
Microsoft contends that the penalties should be confined to the specific conduct and products addressed by a United States Court of Appeals , namely using its market power to promote its Internet Explorer browser over Netscape 's Navigator and its own version of ''polluted '' Java , an Internet programming language developed by Sun Microsystems to run on multiple platforms .
Mr. Telles said that although Coca-Cola did not have a majority stake in Kaiser , it had effective control of the company because it distributes Kaiser 's products through its Brazilian bottlers .
Even steering wheels could become obsolete in the new concept car , above , proposed by researchers at the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in consultation with the architect Frank Gehry and General Motors .
executives say that as many as 50 other companies are pursuing similar technology , but industry analysts agree that I.B.M .
The merger of Symantec and Veritas , they say , is simply further evidence of consolidation in an industry where customers prefer fewer suppliers , not more .
In a move that is expected to have a significant impact on the role of technology in university education , the Microsoft Corporation and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will announce today a partnership to develop educational technologies .
So far this year , Airbus has outsold Boeing by more than two to one , the largest gap since Airbus was founded in 1970 .
Yahoo reports fourth-quarter and full-year earnings today .
Intel , the chip maker , has agreed to pay $ 300 million to Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , to settle a long-running dispute that accused Intel of infringing on patents with its Pentium semiconductors .
An investigator working for Yahoo filled in a Web page from Golddisk asking to be removed from its list , its lawsuit said .
Open-source programming is gaining ground among software companies , and even Microsoft Corp , which intitially regarded open source as threat to intellectual property , now acknowledges its merits , including community-building and better approaches to fixing errors and handling feedback ; CollabNet and VA Linux Systems now offer services and systems that they say can ease development of almost any kind of software with code that might be open , closed or a mix , meaning some elements could be freely inspected and modified , while others could be for insiders ' eyes only ; drawing ( M )
Shareholders of CA Nacional Telefonos de Venezuela approve share buyback and dividend in latest chapter of takeover battle involving American companies AES Corp and Verizon Communications ; shareholders agree to management 's plan to repurchase 15 percent of company 's stock at $ 30 each ; also agree to dividend of about $ 550 million ; approval of moves increases pressure on AES , one of company 's largest minority shareholders ; dispute among AES and foreign concerns that are company 's largest shareholders , Verizon and Telefonica of Spain , is one of Latin America 's most publicized takeover battles ( M )
Boston Scientific said the agency had no complaints about its large factory in Galway , Ireland .
Douglas N Daft calls reporters to talk about being named chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola ; stands by the large price increases Coke recently instituted for concentrate sold to bottlers and says he is committed to increasing the number of cases sold by 7 percent to 8 percent and earnings growth by 15 percent to 20 percent ; says issues facing Coca-Cola include how to make global bottler system profitable after a long period of consolidation and how to sell Coke in regions like Latin America , Eastern Europe and parts of Asia where cheaper brands have chipped way at Coke 's market share ( M )
By last year , that company , Google , had usurped Yahoo as the No .
Armed with a proposal that ran just two and a half pages , John F. Welch Jr. , the former chairman of General Electric , sold the world rights yesterday for a how-to business manual to HarperCollins , a unit of the News Corporation , for an estimated $ 4 million .
Directing growth to Boeing 's old property and downtown has had another benefit : it lets the city comply with the state 's Growth Management Act without altering the character of its single-family neighborhoods .
The man , James Gray , 63 , who works in Microsoft 's Silicon Valley research lab , set out alone Sunday morning for the Farallon Islands on his 40-foot boat , Tenacious , and was expected back that afternoon , Lt. Amy Marrs , a Coast Guard spokeswoman , said Monday .
CNN Interactive said last week that it had reached a long-term agreement to deliver multimedia business news on the AT & T Business Network , which is scheduled to begin Oct. 30 as part of the AT & T Interchange Online Network , a new competitor to services like Compuserve and America Online .
Cisco Systems is expected to announce that it has entered into multibillion-dollar alliance with SBC Communications ; executives at two companies say that SBC will be among largest buyers of Cisco 's routers and switches that are used to build Internet 's infrastructure ; Cisco and SBC will co-market and co-sell their products and services ; will also collaborate on joint research and product development ( S )
Medical Center and Health System , Aetna is hiring a well-known geriatrics specialist who has helped his hospital , a combined unit of the two big urban medical centers , stay afloat in extremely troubled times .
Although Citigroup said at the time of the merger that it expected after-tax savings of about $ 1 billion a year , it said yesterday that after-tax savings in 1999 would be only about $ 442 million and that after-tax savings in 2000 would be only about $ 634 million .
Far out of view , in a subbasement 20 feet below street level , the old Tiffany vault is still intact .
Campbell also said yesterday that it had come up with a plan to reduce inefficiencies on its manufacturing side that should save the company $ 100 million a year , starting in fiscal year 2000 .
For the year , Cisco reported earnings of $ 2.67 billion , or 36 cents a diluted share , compared with $ 2.02 billion , or 29 cents a share , for fiscal 1999 .
to determine if Amazon had engaged in deceptive trade practices by collecting personal information on its customers then changing its privacy policy to permit the sale of that information .
The restructuring plan is expected by Wednesday , when Apple has its annual shareholders ' meeting at its headquarters in Cupertino , Calif .
Peter Passell focuses on Federal Trade Commission 's shift on antitrust , in which focus of merger policy is on nitty-gritty of what is in deals for consumers ; examines agency 's opposition to mergers by Staples and Office Depot office-supply stores and Rite-Aid and Revco drug store chains ( Economic Scene ) ( M )
Verizon said it lost 426,000 phone lines .
Questions about Internet anonymity are raised after John Hritz , AK Steel general counsel , asks Ohio state courts to reveal identity of Jane Doe on ground that her messages on Yahoo message board are threatening , libelous and disparaging to him and his company ; two advocacy groups involved in workplace and online issues , Public Citizen and Electronic Frontier Foundation , argue that AK Steel request goes too far , giving companies power to silence corporate critics whether or not a case will ever be filed ; some corporations and their advocates counter that Internet allows unfair 'online assault ' that can damage reputations ( M )
The WebTV deal , Microsoft insists , is very different from Intuit .
Silverstein Properties , whose partners include Westfield America and GMAC , is now within $ 30 million of Vornado , the executives said .
Verizon officials responded that the company was in no way violating the neutrality agreement .
Dick Martin , vice president for advertising and public relations at AT & T in Basking Ridge , N.J. , confirmed reports of the review this week in Advertising Age and Adweek .
Mr. Cohen said that according to a recent survey , 15 percent of 13-to-17-year-olds will shop online for school-related goods and clothes this year , and 80 percent of them will shop at big-box discounters like Wal-Mart , Target and others .
The warning was an extraordinary move for Motorola , which is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg , Ill .
In a report that delighted Wall Street , the Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that operating profits in the fourth quarter rose by 21.5 percent , spurring the company to announce its first dividend increase in eight years .
Boeing derives 60 percent of its revenue from its commercial airline unit , down from 85 percent in the early 1990 's .
Gustavo Soriani , who was fired as vice president for operations at IBM 's Argentine operations and is under indictment in Argentina on fraud charges , writes book he hopes will vindicate him ; at issue is whether IBM , through Soriani , paid bribes to obtain $ 250 million contract to install computer system in state-owned Banco de la Nacion ; Soriani claims he is being used as scapegoat ; claims IBM knew of payments but disowned them when they were discovered ( M )
Intel has agreed to embed I.B.M .
Mr. McGuire 's departure from Morgan Stanley drew much attention as it came amid an exodus of executives after a management shake-up by the firm 's chief executive , Philip J. Purcell .
Moreover , Mr. Semel said yesterday for the first time that Yahoo was hurt by increased competition for lower-priced advertising , like banner ads displayed while people check their e-mail messages .
The investigative piece about the antitrust lawsuit against the Microsoft Corporation , ''Hard Core '' by Ken Auletta , was the longest by far published under David Remnick , the editor who took over from Ms. Brown last July .
Automotive companies such as Ford Motor Company , their livelihood depends on customers believing in them and in their integrity and in their values , and I ca n't imagine a situation within the Ford Motor Company where we would really believe that our customers ' safety is at issue and where we were deliberately concealing information .
Analysts worried that there might be something more amiss with the Gap .
Mr. Curry worked as an investment banking analyst at the company for less than a year , and was considered to be a prospect with a bright future , said Jean Marie McFadden , a spokeswoman for Morgan Stanley .
The suit could include as many as 150,000 current or former employees in Pennsylvania who have worked at a Wal-Mart store or at the company 's Sam 's Club warehouse chain since March 1998 , Michael Donovan , the lead plaintiff 's lawyer , said .
In recent speeches , for example , Samuel J. Palmisano , I.B.M .
Executive Testifies Microsoft Must Be Able to Alter Windows
On Tuesday , Bridgestone executives played down the impact of the company 's decision to end its business relationship with the Ford Motor Company .
For Microsoft , a Shift Toward New Vistas
They also argue that to cope with the decline in traditional phone service and with fierce competition in the wireless phone and high-speed Internet access businesses , Verizon needs more freedom to reduce the size of the work force and to transfer employees .
Priceline also said that its revenue would be lower than analysts expected for the current quarter and that its losses would be wider .
Under the settlement , Microsoft would have had to place two competing media players on Windows , with the European Commission determining which two .
Comcast would make money from subscriber fees both from individual subscribers and other cable operators .
AngloGold challenges Newmont Mining Corp 's bid for Normandy Mining before Australian Takeover Panel ( S )
Akamai 's service speeds delivery of World Wide Web pages and streaming media by moving such digital content to servers spread around the globe , thus bypassing bottlenecks in the broad Internet .
In addition to growth based on manufacturing deals with companies like Ericsson and Microsoft , the company has been on an acquisition binge .
He also predicted that demand for Boeing 's passenger jets would remain flat in 2001 rather than decline from next year 's projected level , as the company had previously estimated .
John C Malone , chairman of Tele-Communications Inc , has decided to use Sun Microsystems Inc 's Java programming language rather than let Microsoft provide all the software for his interactive cable network ; Malone seeks to create model that puts various components of set-top box in hands of numerous different vendors ; Malone is eager to avoid total dependence on Microsoft ; Sun 's Java will be used as additional layer of software to offer more choices to software developers and an alternative to Microsoft ; other companies still jostling for place inside new digital set-top box include Oracle , Intel , IBM and AT & T ( M )
Yesterday , The Wall Street Journal reported that Chevron was in talks to acquire Texaco for about $ 80 a share , or about $ 42 billion .
General Motors raises stakes in fuel economy war with Ford , especially regarding sport utility vehicles , by declaring that its vehicles will average more miles to gallon than Ford 's no matter how much Ford improves energy efficiency of sport utilities by 2005 ; says also that overall fuel economy for all its light trucks will be better than Ford 's by then ; GM vice chairman Harry Pearce predicts company will still be leader in five years , and possibly in 15 ; vow by Ford to raise sport utilities ' mileage by 25 percent , from currrent 18 miles per gallon , and to improve fuel economy of minivans and pickups recalled ; photo ( M )
In his letter to shareholders , Coke 's chief executive , Douglas N. Daft , calls Coke 's results ''disappointing to us and not what you have rightly come to expect from the Coca-Cola Company . ''
AT & T will serve not only I.B.M .
But none of those chips could run Microsoft 's basic versions of Windows , and the ability of some to run Windows NT , a high-end version of the operating system aimed at networked businesses , did not stir the market .
Moreover , in its effort to dominate the Internet of the future , Microsoft is about to propel itself into a fundamental new and more complex computing era , which it calls .Net .
I.B.M .
Gross profit margins will be about 37 percent , Motorola said , which would be 50 percent higher than a year ago , but only slightly better than the 36 percent margin in the first quarter of this year .
Number of Amercan companies expressing alarm over surging dollar has been surprisingly small , compared with 12 years ago when many manufacturers warned that businesses would be severely injured by influx of cheap imports ; many have been insulated from effects by expanded production overseas , decade of aggressive cost-cutting and active hedging of currencies ; officials at Boeing Co , General Electric and Intel Corp have dismissed worries about dollar ; even Caterpillar Tractor , which led complaints in mid-1980 's , has been quiet , as have machine-tool makers which were nearly driven out of business by low-priced Japanese imports ; currency continues surge , despite statement by Treas Sec Robert E Rubin that it has corrected itself after hitting record low against yen nearly two years ago ; graph ( M )
That is partly because New Orleans represents only a small portion of Entergy 's overall revenues -- about 7 percent -- and an even smaller share of earnings .
I still think that investors should see Coca-Cola as a 17 percent earnings-per-share grower , enhancing its global share . ''
Microsoft , Electronic Arts and FIFA , the worldwide governing body of soccer , are expected to announce today the FIFA Interactive World Cup at the Leipzig Games Convention in Germany .
Mr. Rajan will succeed Arthur D'Angelo , who joined the World Group in January to help develop financial controls in the wake of accounting irregularities that led Interpublic to take charges of $ 181.3 million .
What is new is that there seems to be no end to the bad news , and that Corning 's balance sheet , which looked so solid a year ago , is now shaky .
InterActiveCorp 's entry into this category could spawn a round of new competition among shopping sites and retailers like Amazon.com , which until now have offered a universe of good presents but little help to prospective buyers who want to winnow their choices .
PeopleSoft said legal and marketing expenses associated with fighting off Oracle had cost PeopleSoft 2 cents a share during the quarter .
Joint Service From Reuters And Microsoft
The device , called a personal awareness assistant by its developers , Dana Le and Owen Richter , researchers at an Accenture laboratory in Palo Alto , Calif. , aims to organize social information in much the same way that a palmtop device organizes phone numbers and appointments .
SHARES of Cigna fell sharply on Friday in sympathy with the stock of another insurer , Aetna Life and Casualty , which announced a drop in profits because of losses stemming from policyholder claims for cleaning up hazardous wastes .
Yesterday , it looked as if Comcast 's patience could pay off .
Beginning in October , Barnesandnoble.com and Yahoo will also create a new Internet service under both brand names that will be available using software distributed free in Barnes & Noble stores .
The original deal would have been a tax-free transaction , AT & T said .
Without a fifth commissioner , the Democratic commissioners would have more leverage to impose restrictions on Time Warner and Comcast , according to a cable company executive with knowledge of the process .
Intel sells about 80 percent of general purpose microprocessors -- the Pentium ''brains '' of personal computers .
Bank of America plans to leave two businesses : auto leasing , which has been hurt by declining prices for used cars , and mortgage lending to borrowers with poor credit histories , known as subprime lending , which has been hurt by weakness in economy that has led to rising delinqencies ( M )
Mr. Bezos and other Amazon executives stressed that the program was still in its early stages .
Robert Elek , Verizon spokesman , declined to comment on Ms .
Indeed , Home Depot is one of the few big successes that the Olympic jobs program can claim .
I.B.M .
Microsoft , it said , lied about the effectiveness of its measures to protect users ' personal information -- including credit card numbers collected for the Passport Wallet service , which is used for online shopping .
None of this mollified Microsoft , which said the commission 's ruling would stifle innovation and deprive consumers of choices .
The move by the World Wide Web Consortium puts the group squarely behind Microsoft in a patent-infringement lawsuit that the company is losing so far .
The system , called tabbing , dates to World War II , when Boeing turned out hundreds of identical planes a month .
Campbell is consolidating prepared foods by awarding FCB/Leber Katz -- which handles brands like Prego and Vlasic -- the Pace Foods account from the Temerlin McClain unit of Bozell , Jacobs , Kenyon & Eckhardt in Irving , Tex .
Wal-Mart has also opened six stand-alone George shops , which sell the company 's low-price George clothing line .
I.B.M .
THE $ 165 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc. by America Online Inc. could well be a transformative transaction , say senior managers at leading agencies , remaking the advertising , marketing and media landscapes as few deals have done .
By year 's end , Electronic Arts plans to release 26 new games , all but one of them a sequel , including the 16th version of N.H.L .
Because Microsoft could not comply with the restriction , Mr. Gates said that he had concluded it would simply have to stop selling Windows .
''During the past six years we have sold 7.5 million iMacs , '' said Greg Joswiak , Apple 's vice president for hardware marketing .
Kodak 's stock , which closed unchanged yesterday at $ 57.75 , is mired at less than 11 times earnings .
Oracle has long given priority to developing for Sun 's Solaris variant of Unix .
Time Warner Inc takes major step toward selling its Warner Music division for $ 2.5 billion to consortium led by Edgar Bronfman Jr as its board pulls away from previously favored higher offer from EMI Group ; Bronfman 's consortium is backed by Thomas H Lee Partners , media entrepreneur Haim Saban , Providence Equity Partners , Bain Capital and Quadrangle Group ( M )
''It 's fair to say that it 's a historic transaction , not only for Adirondack Park and the State of New York but way beyond that in setting a tone for future conservation projects across the country , '' said Larry Selzer , president of the Conservation Fund , a private group in Virginia that helped arrange the deal with International Paper .
In a key scene in each Campbell spot , the Campbell 's can is on the left side of the screen , next to a can designed to look like a can of Progresso 's ready-to-eat soup .
Software sales are going well , and Microsoft 's online game service , Xbox Live , has more than four million members .
A recent dispute involved a letter Royal Caribbean sent to travel agents in the United States urging them to protest Carnival 's offer on the ground that the enlarged company would operate as a monopoly .
Lawyers for American International Group former chief executive Maurice R Greenberg reportedly have approached regulators to try to limit scope of issues discussed when he is deposed at New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer 's office ; Spitzer says he has evidence Greenberg committed fraud in initiating AIG deal with Berkshire Hathaway 's General Re unit , television interview ; notes AIG has already admitted over billion dollars of accounting frauds ; says he has not uncovered evidence against Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren E Buffett ; again says Buffett is not probe target ; federal and state regulators plan to interview Buffett ( M )
Polo Ralph Lauren will pay $ 13 ( Canadian ) a share , or $ 8.62 ( United States ) , for approximately 6.5 million shares in Club Monaco common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
For Gap , the marketing will offer the first test of its back-to-basics fashion strategy .
Gary Sheffer , a General Electric spokesman , pointed last night to Mr. Welch 's consulting agreement with G.E. , which pays him at least $ 86,535 annually for his first 30 days of work , with a payment of $ 17,307 for every additional day .
Mr. Matthews and Microsoft received patent 5,600,368 .
Mr. McColl , now chief executive of Bank of America , wrote back that he found the note ''arrogant and insulting . ''
The Justice Department accused Microsoft yesterday of ''disobedience '' and of ''jerry-rigging its own products '' in response to a Federal judge 's order to allow the makers of personal computers to license Microsoft 's Windows operating system without being forced to also load its Internet browsing software .
Jeffrey J. Neuman , director of policy and intellectual property for NeuLevel , which is based in Sterling , Va. , said the filing was in response to a letter sent to NeuLevel by Amazon.com , which expressed concerns about the process for allocating .biz addresses .
Because Verizon Wireless controls nearly 30 percent of the wireless market , the outcome of the strike could affect labor relations throughout the wireless industry .
Microsoft has viewed Java as a competitive threat .
On April 6 , 1994 , Mr. Gates and 20 Microsoft executives gathered for a daylong retreat not far from the company 's headquarters in Redmond , Wash .
Moody 's Investors Service has also downgraded Interpublic 's debt .
Skype , the Internet calling service owned by eBay , said Tuesday that as of Jan. 1 it would begin charging $ 30 a year for unlimited calls to landline and mobile phones within the United States and Canada .
A third speaker complained that Interpublic , the world 's third-largest agency company in revenue -- after the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group -- had been ''dealt a body blow '' by accounting irregularities that led to large write-downs , quarterly losses and an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Now 1,700 collect I.B.M .
Other prospective tenants have already spoken up since Goldman Sachs made its decision known on Monday evening , said Edward J. Kulik Jr. , the head of real estate for the Retirement Systems of Alabama , which manages the state 's pension programs and owns 55 Water Street .
Some analysts believe General Mills may have felt pressured to make a deal and been forced to pay too heavily for Pillsbury .
An embedded thread , also difficult to reproduce , runs down the center of the check and reads ''Amex '' -- shorthand for the formal name of the $ 16.2 billion American Express Corporation .
Although Time Warner 's board has said it favors Mr. Bronfman 's bid , the company is still holding out the possibility of returning to a deal with EMI to keep the competitive pressure on Mr. Bronfman 's team .
Because Wal-Mart is ''such a high-dollar account , '' many of the new arrivals are seasoned executives with families rather than young people starting out .
Robert A. Lutz , the vice chairman of General Motors , said here that he expected at least one of China 's homegrown automakers to be successfully exporting around the world in the next five years .
I.B.M .
The crew of newsweeklies mostly hewed to the AOL-as-winner line , and emphasized AOL 's chairman , Stephen M. Case over Time Warner 's chairman , Gerald M. Levin .
Consider some events from the last few months , when Vogue announced a benefit auction for God 's Love We Deliver , the nonprofit organization that delivers hot meals to homebound people with AIDS ; the Ralph Lauren companies announced the inauguration of G.I.V.E. , an initiative to promote youth volunteerism through jean sales ; Saks Fifth Avenue joined forces with VH1 on Save the Music , enlisting designers and celebrities like Beyoncé Knowles to sell merchandise whose profits help school music programs ; and Giorgio Armani created a special edition Armani Barbie , with part of its profits destined to combat youth AIDS .
Yet regardless of the economic environment , I.B.M .
Bell Helicopter and Boeing are hoping to drum up foreign sales to keep the Osprey 's costs down , and perhaps extend its life .
The Citigroup chief called him every day for the next 30 days .
Pfizer and Warner-Lambert would have $ 15.9 billion in sales and a 6.3 percent share .
When I took over Xerox 's distribution operations in 1986 , we had problems everywhere .
The reason for Kohl 's success even when it is selling merchandise almost identical to its competitors is already one of the most studied mysteries in retailing .
Critics complain that Wal-Mart 's average wage of $ 9.68 an hour is too low to support a family and that only half of its workers receive health insurance from the company .
Lee Raymond , Exxon Mobil 's Chief Since 1999 Merger , to Step Down at Year 's End
More often than not , in Coke 's case , the local bottler is Coca-Cola Enterprises , which did $ 3.2 billion worth of business last year , according to an earnings report on Tuesday .
The biggest disappointment today was AT & T 's sluggish growth in the core long-distance business .
Although the Linux operating system for file-sharing server computers has proved a viable alternative to Microsoft and other vendors in the price-conscious part of corporate computing , Linux has not yet made significant inroads among nontechnical personal computer users .
The options included adding P.D.F.-reading software in Vista , letting PC makers hide Microsoft 's document format and related software , letting PC makers in Europe remove the document software and offering a higher-priced version of Vista in Europe that includes the software .
Mattel 's shares , which have been tumbling , fell 75 cents today , to $ 24.75 , well below their 12-month high above $ 46 .
Apart from all this , there is one way in which the Microsoft and Intel cases are profoundly different .
Reporting its second-quarter earnings today , a resurgent Apple Computer Inc. again beat analysts ' earnings estimates .
According to David Lanzillo , a Kodak spokesman , the company had to ''adjust '' the terms of a major contract in the group , as well as increase accruals to cover warranties on a digital hardware product .
He also testified that he disagreed with Microsoft employees whose memos contradicted his own assertions .
And both companies carry weighty cudgels to the bargaining table , including the singular and irreplaceable appeal of the sports events they control , Disney 's ability to withhold cable transmission of its ABC television stations in certain markets , and News Corporation 's pending acquisition of control of the satellite service DirecTV .
Nonprofit Software Freedom Law Center , backed by $ 4 million in initial financing from corporate consortium , will provide advice from specialists that is intended to minimize risk that developers and users of free software will be sued ; founders say center will focus on helping leaders of open-source software projects organize and manage their work in ways that anticipate and avoid potential legal pitfalls ; suit against IBM , seeking $ 1 billion , is largely responsible for legal concerns surrounding open-source software ; SCO Group has accused IBM of contributing code to Linux that SCO legally controlled ; IBM has denied accusations ( M )
But larger , animated advertising formats have helped Yahoo win business from big brand advertisers like car companies .
The campaign is also exposing fault lines within the industry and highlighting differences in strategy between Microsoft and Intel .
Mr. Singh , 42 , went to work at Yahoo in 1995 , when the company had only 20 employees .
The News Corporation owns 42.6 percent of Gemstar-TV Guide , which produces electronic television program guides and owns TV Guide magazine .
The deal would also give Time Warner a publicly traded currency for future acquisitions .
I.B.M .
The Latin American unit , known as the AT & T Latin America Corporation , sells communications services to business customers in Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Colombia and Peru .
EBay executives have long recognized the need to stanch the defection of their best customers -- eBay merchants who pay the company any number of fees so they can sell to the tens of millions who browse eBay 's marketplace each month .
Texas Instruments , the technology company , said today that it would cut 3,500 jobs worldwide -- 8 percent of its work force -- because of weak demand for semiconductors from Asia and deep price cuts by Asian competitors struggling to survive the downturns in their home markets .
The seventh man to lead Boeing in its 80 years , Mr. Condit is known inside and outside the company for his exuberance , energy and a willingness to make big decisions .
If a sizable number of people with strong cases , who might be able to prove discrimination in court , rebuff the offer and continue pressing the matter , Coke will be more likely to drop the settlement and focus on defending the cases that go to court .
Compounding its troubles , Mattel said that it had switched to just-in-time product shipment to manage inventory better , but that the move would reduce sales by an additional $ 150 million this year .
Dr. Ornish also works for the McDonald 's Corporation .
Intel will follow the Itanium with a more advanced 64-bit chip , code-named McKinley , next year .
Pfizer had offered 2.5 of its shares for every Warner-Lambert share .
Even without branches , opponents argue , a Wal-Mart bank would concentrate too much economic power into the hands of one company , whose sales -- more than $ 300 billion in 2005 -- make it three times as large as the nation 's next-biggest retailer .
But Honeywell has traveled a rocky path since then .
In the meantime , Johnson & Johnson began to note red cell aplasia in patients taking competing products , including NeoRecormon , which is made by Roche , and Epogen , which is manufactured by Amgen .
The collaboration will be managed by a joint steering committee composed of three members of Microsoft Research and three from M.I.T .
Dr. McGuire said the Humana acquisition would bring eventual savings of $ 100 million to $ 250 million by eliminating overlapping administrative costs and ''a couple hundred million '' through efficiencies in medical care , including $ 100 million from lower payments to hospitals .
Xerox is talking to several finance companies -- many analysts say GE Capital is high on the list -- about selling parts of its equipment-financing business , even though it is easier to sell a $ 250,000 machine if financing is an element of the package .
The hearings over the Microsoft antitrust case returned today to what has been the most hotly contested question since the government filed its suit four years ago : Can a court tell the company how to design its own software code ?
While $ 7 million may not seem like much to a major corporation , ChevronTexaco 's decision comes at a time when the company has suffered financial problems .
The AOL-Time Warner merger was such a closely guarded secret that even the journalists who work for Time Warner , from its magazines like Time , Fortune and Money to its television channels like CNN , had no inkling it was about to happen .
The 717 , on the other hand , has little in common with Boeing 's other models .
In 1986 , Doyle Dane Bernbach merged with Needham Harper Worldwide , an agency in Chicago , and together with BBDO Worldwide formed the Omnicom Group as an agency holding company .
Gap Inc opens its first Forth & Towne retail outlet , which caters to women over 35 years old , at Palisades Center in West Nyack , NY ; some shoppers comment ; graph ; photos ( M )
McManus and Kramer believe there is little likelihood of Internet viewers of the men 's tournament cannibalizing CBS 's traditional viewership .
The National Labor Relations Board has filed dozens of complaints accusing Wal-Mart of using hardball tactics to fight unions , such as improperly firing union supporters and threatening to deny bonuses to management if workers unionized .
Some of them developed tools for analyzing the software after leaving I.B.M. , Mr. Long said , and the F.A.A .
But competitors say the most significant impact could be on Microsoft if it fails .
A federal judge ruled yesterday that the Agriculture Department violated the law by failing to adequately assess possible environmental impacts before approving Monsanto 's genetically engineered alfalfa .
* Mark T. Hogan , the president of the e-GM unit of General Motors .
He said that Microsoft wanted to work for an open standard through an industry consortium rather than to negotiate a bilateral deal with America Online .
The Iridium network is controlled by the Satellite Network Operations Center , in Landsdowne , which is operated by Motorola .
Yet others argue that despite the fact that Microsoft has made only limited progress so far , the industry is now changing and becoming more open and increasingly similar to the PC world , a shift that should play to the software firm 's favor .
Morgan Stanley chairman and chief executive , Philip J Purcell , is taking his shot at restoring investor confidence in videotaped discussion to be broadcast to 100 brokerage offices ; will try to convince investors that selling stock now would be mistake ( S )
After those remarks , Microsoft shares hit a new high of $ 129.0625 , only to drop a few points Friday after the Intel Corporation , the leading maker of personal computer chips , said that its second-quarter earnings would not meet estimates .
BOOP -- One of at least 10,000 peculiar-to-Microsoft acronyms .
At Merrill Lynch , Jessica Reif said she planned to cover the combined AOL Time Warner jointly with Henry Blodget , the Internet analyst .
Two units of Interpublic Group of Companies announce overseas acquisitions ; McCann-Erickson Worldwide buys Ludgate Group , a public relations agency ; terms undisclosed ; Lowe Group acquires majority stake in Monsoon Advertising in Singapore , which is being renamed Lowe & Partners/Monsoon ; terms undisclosed ( S )
It is also the largest supplier of chips used in Motorola 's cellphones and a large supplier of communications chips to other companies like Nokia , Alcatel and Cisco Systems .
MySpace 's user base has continued to grow since the News Corporation acquired it for a reported $ 580 million in the summer of 2005 .
Written in Microsoft 's Visual Basic scripting language , the program preyed particularly on users of the Microsoft Outlook e-mail program .
While Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises are separate companies , many analysts and accountants have said that their business is essentially united .
The company 's publishing interests include The New York Post , the Times and Sun newspapers in London , and one of the largest newspaper groups in his native Australia .
The departure , though , does suggest that the Apple board chose the wrong person for the job in early 1996 , when it selected Mr. Amelio , a longtime executive of the semiconductor industry with a reputation for cost-cutting .
INTEL SAYS INVESTIGATION DROPPED
Pepsi-Cola Co unit of Pepsico Inc expands its relationship with BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group by naming BBDO Asia-Pacific to handle creative duties for Pepsi-Cola and Mountain Dew brands in various Asian countries ; billings estimated at $ 40 million ; account had been handled by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide ( S )
Moreover , Stanley Works ' profits will be taxed at least once , when they are distributed to shareholders .
J. P. Morgan and Citigroup were both among Enron 's biggest lenders , and both helped structure , and invested in , some of the off-balance-sheet partnerships that critics say helped the company disguise its financial condition .
Morgan Stanley declined to turn over some documents and other information demanded by the commission on the grounds that its subpoena was too broad .
At Citigroup , a September 2000 e-mail message from an employee discussing an Enron prepay transaction described such deals as allowing Enron to get ''money that gives them cash flow but does not show up on books as big D Debt . ''
Both models were designed to offer customers remote support via the Internet , using Microsoft 's browser .
The Coca-Cola Company announced details yesterday of its major promotional effort for the important summer selling season for its flagship product , Coca-Cola Classic .
US Attorney 's office in Boston widens its five-year probe into sales practices of prescription-drug companies , subpoenaing records involving distribution of best-selling drug , Prevacid , made by TAP Pharmaceuticals , joint venture of Abbott Laboratories and Takeda Chemical Industries , and managed care drug distributors Caremark Rx and Express Scripts ; Caremark and Express Scripts say subpoenas requested records for Prevacid , ulcer treatment that had $ 3 billion in 2001 sales , as well as for Lupon , prostate cancer treatment , also made by TAP ; three companies say federal investigators told them they are not targets of current phase of investigation ;
By resigning from the two boards , Mr. Weill ends a practice at Citigroup known as interlocking directorships , where corporate executives serve on each others ' boards .
''That 's not the world Oracle lives in . ''
Shares of the Digital Equipment Corporation rose yesterday , and at least two analysts raised their ratings on the stock after a report in The Wall Street Journal that Digital was considering dropping its lawsuit and giving the Alpha technology to the Intel Corporation in exchange for cash , product discounts and a long-term alliance .
By proposing to separate Microsoft 's Windows operating system business from its Office applications software business , the government hopes to unleash personal computer makers to pursue new business strategies and relationships that Microsoft has opposed .
AT & T has said that Worldnet will include a customer version of the Netscape Communications Corporation 's program for browsing the World Wide Web and a search tool that has been designed by Verity Inc. , an information-retrieval company in Silicon Valley .
The Campbell Soup Company said yesterday that it would again realign assignments among its agencies , this time involving brands with billings estimated at $ 100 million out of total billings of $ 250 million .
Boston Properties said Bankers Trust would remain , as would most other corporate tenants , including the N.F.L .
Yet Richard Greenfield , who follows Comcast and Disney for Fulcrum Global Partners , a research firm , was less certain that Comcast had the executive talent to fix Disney .
According to the executives close to the talks , Furukawa Electric , a Japanese industrial concern that owns 9.8 percent of JDS Uniphase , will pay $ 2.52 billion for most of the business , while Corning will contribute $ 225 million for Lucent 's optical-fiber business in China .
But Tiffany has no plans to use lasers to brand its gems .
A.T. & T. won for commercials created by three of its agencies : Ayer Inc. , McCann and Young & Rubicam .
To be sure , the spectacle of Washington 's beating Microsoft with one hand while buying from it with the other is not as glaringly contradictory as it might seem .
Merck & Company has expanded its relationship with the New York office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , by naming the agency to handle its Singulair anti-asthma drug , which had been handled by the New York office of FCB Worldwide , part of True North Communications .
Closing arguments are set to begin in five-month-long trial of lawsuit brought against IBM by two former employees who accuse it of knowingly exposing them to dangerous chemicals ; defense lawyer has tried to show that no link exists between IBM factory where plaintiffs worked and cancers they later developed ; suit was brought by Alida Hernandez and James Moore , both of whom worked at IBM factory in South San Jose , Calif ; photo ( M )
A formal ruling is not expected until Wednesday , but Mr. Monti unexpectedly appeared at the European Commission 's noon briefing to announce that ''a settlement on the Microsoft case has not been possible . ''
''This quarter delivered exceptionally strong applications performance driven by the successful integration of PeopleSoft , '' said Gregory Maffei , Oracle 's chief financial officer .
Intel researchers have devised novel method for housing microprocessors that Intel hopes will speed development of high-performance microchips with over billion transistors ; say such chips could be available in five or six years ( M )
Toshiba and NEC will jointly develop new generation of memory chips ; focus on magnetic random access memory chips , which are expected to be much faster and more efficient than current types ; chips use magnetic rather than electric elements to store data ; IBM and Infineon Technologies have been working on such chips for almost two years ( M )
Comcast is part of the At Home cable modem consortium , which also includes AT & T , while Mediaone is part of the rival Road Runner group , which is led by Time Warner Inc .
''What else can Yahoo sell to them ?
Dr. Kim of Merck said he first learned of the new data on heart attacks and strokes on Thursday evening last week , when he got a call from an independent committee of scientists who were monitoring the colon polyp study .
Boeing Ethics Woes Take Toll on the Bottom Line
Verizon Communications asks Federal Judge John Bates to stay his court order requiring company to disclose identity of Internet subscriber to Recording Industry Association of America ; Verizon is appealing case , which will determine whether copyright holders can use shortcut subpoena process to gain access to personal information about Internet subscribers they suspect of illegally copying material online ; Verizon argues recording industry 's view of its rights under copyright law is incorrect and unconstitutional because it would violate privacy of subscribers ; recording industry association says it will oppose Verizon 's effort to block order ( S )
Built from a series of acquisitions by Sanford I. Weill , the company 's former chairman , Citigroup has since encompassed both retail and investment banking operations , credit card businesses , wealth management and a host of other services .
Mr. Miller said it was not clear to him whether Halliburton 's actions were legal .
Bank of America already has a number of customers who spend the winter in Florida and live in the Northeast the rest of the year .
Cisco must prove that its new router system can be just as effective .
Apple 's Profit Quadruples , Yet Stock Falls
But both spoke of their relationship : a Coke spokesman noted that the company had been a financial sponsor of Mr. Jackson 's Rainbow/PUSH organization , and Mr. Jackson said that the organization was a Coca-Cola shareholder .
would have taken Time Warner to court if the company had not agreed to the concessions .
When a user in Singapore , say , clicks on a popular page in Yahoo , only the first request goes to Yahoo 's server in Palo Alto , Calif. ; the balance of the page is then delivered from an Akamai server with the shortest , fastest connection to the person in Singapore .
MRM and Wunderman are among agencies that have worked previously for Microsoft , Mr. Kahan said , along with ''thousands '' of smaller agencies .
And more companies hired Xerox last year to manage document processing operations .
''They are hurt when global economies weaken , and the reason is the foreign consumer trades down to local brands or they stop using products altogether , '' said Timothy M. Ghriskey , a senior portfolio manager at the Dreyfus Corporation , who oversees several funds that hold a significant amount of Procter stock .
Now , this is n't the first time ''radically different '' was applied to a Netflix business model .
We think changing Wal-Mart for the better is going to help change everybody for the better . ''
Merck has joined research partnerships in dozens of deals over the last two years , Mr. Gilmartin said yesterday .
The service was developed in cooperation with Microsoft , and will be heavily promoted from within the latest version of the Windows Media Player , which also begins public testing today .
Wall Street analysts are being too optimistic about sales of Windows Vista , Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , told financial analysts in New York on Thursday .
So to assuage at least some of the impatient , AT & T threw an old-fashioned grand opening , complete with balloons , bunting and a high school marching band .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation said yesterday that William H. Gates , the founder of the Microsoft Corporation , and his wife , Melinda , have donated an additional $ 5 billion to their philanthropic foundation , making it the world 's wealthiest , with assets of $ 21.8 billion .
Time Warner 's sale to the investor group also raises fresh questions about the future of EMI , a rival music company that had sought to merge with Warner Music and now stands alone .
The Justice Department argues that Microsoft 's pricing policy for Office leaves computer manufacturers the practical choice of installing Microsoft 's suite on all the computers they make or on none of them .
Even after the Justice Department announced its petition on Monday , Microsoft shares closed up 25 cents in Nasdaq trading .
Amazon did not announce many details of its new service , and it would not comment on its planned pricing for songs and albums .
They also said that matching the $ 60-a-share offer by the News Corporation was , as one said , ''a very high threshold . ''
Mr. Angelakis said he pursued the job at Comcast because he wanted to get back into the operating side of the business .
Verizon has five days to make its next move , after MCI 's board on Saturday deemed the latest Qwest bid -- an offer of $ 30 a share , or $ 9.75 billion -- superior to the $ 23.10 a share , or $ 7.6 billion , from Verizon that MCI had agreed on .
Available exclusively through Apple stores , including www.store.apple.com , the $ 149 system can play for up to 24 hours on four AA batteries , thanks to a high-efficiency switching amplifier that delivers two watts to each speaker .
''Wal-Mart 's prices are 20 to 30 percent lower than competitors on the fastest-selling items in the store like laundry detergent and toothpaste . ''
Nike is working hard to insure that the public sees little evidence of the pullback in spending -- which could include $ 70 million in cuts to United States advertising spending and administrative expenses .
Apple said last month that it considered the Harmony software to be equivalent to computer hacking and that its lawyers were exploring the question of whether RealNetworks had violated the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which restricts the reverse engineering of digital products .
He said that he had spoken to Yahoo 's chief executive , Terry S. Semel , and that he thought their companies could find ways to cooperate even after Microsoft rolled out the rival search advertising system .
Colorado , once backwater of coal production , has stumbled into unexpected wealth as China 's demand grows , Appalachia 's cleaner burning variety becomes scarcer and soaring natural gas prices push electric utilities to scramble for alternatives ; Jim Cooper of Oxbow Mining , which owns Elk Creek mine in Somerset , says around-the-clock operations are producing coal faster than it can be shipped out on single train track that winds through mountains ; photos ; map ; chart of US production by state ; Union Pacific itself is trying to add crews and locomotives to meet demand ( M )
As a result , Verizon said yesterday that it would not .
Edelman also helped Wal-Mart develop a political-style war room , staffed by former political operatives , which monitors and responds to the retailer 's critics , and helped create Working Families for Wal-Mart , a new group that is trying to build support for the company in cities across the country .
At its antitrust trial , the Microsoft Corporation today presented its leading character witness , a folksy , plain-spoken industry veteran who delivered a message that pleased Microsoft 's lawyers but will surely make its marketing executives cringe .
Amgen completes its acquisition of Immunex , gaining control of rheumatoid arthritis drug Enbrel ; cash-and-stock deal is valued at less than $ 10 billion , down from $ 16 billion valuation when move was announced last December ( M )
An example is Microsoft 's remake of Zoo Tycoon ( Zoo Tycoon 2 , $ 40 , www.microsoft.com , ages 9 and up , planned for November ) , which lets children design and explore a virtual zoo .
A.T. & T. now ranks second behind Citicorp in the number of Visa and Mastercard bank credit cards issued .
Adding 64-bit extensions to PC chips would put Intel on a path similar to its rival Advanced Micro Devices , which has embraced a steady move toward 64-bit computing .
The Mannesmann consortium includes the AT & T Corporation and the Unisource group of European national telecommunications companies from the Netherlands , Sweden , Spain and Switzerland .
Competition lawyers in Brussels speculate that Microsoft may agree to settle only the part of the case that concerns interoperability , while choosing to appeal a ruling against the bundling of Media Player to the European courts .
AMF Bowling , the troubled bowling alley operator controlled by the Goldman Sachs Group , said yesterday that it would seek to transfer its stock to the over-the-counter bulletin board .
It is not entirely clear whether Liberty could make such a deal without AT & T 's approval , and AT & T , or even the government , might object to Liberty 's attempt to increase its holdings in News Corporation .
Henry McVey , an analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , said he supported both acquisitions in the long term , but believed that integrating them would prove costly in the short term , especially as Schwab faces a bleak market environment .
Far more troubling to analysts , Kodak has no quick fixes in the wings .
The Ford Motor Company plans to announce today that it will acquire the passenger car operations of Sweden 's A.B .
General Motors said on Monday that it had reached a tentative agreement with the United Automobile Workers union to cut $ 1 billion in annual health care benefits for more than 750,000 blue-collar workers , retirees and their families as part of an effort to climb out of a financial crisis .
Earlier this year , as they tried to settle last year 's lawsuit , Polo Ralph Lauren said the two horsemen infringed on its rights .
Ms. O'Neill said she had not received reports of widespread lack of follow-through with the requirements of the nationwide consent decree , but noted that Wal-Mart 's rapid growth created certain issues for the retailer .
Intel said it expected revenue for the second quarter of 1997 to be flat to slightly higher , and that gross profit margin percentage would be flat to slightly down from 64 percent in the first quarter .
In addition , Ms. Druyun 's daughter , Heather , who works at Boeing 's office in St. Louis , contacted Mr. Sears in September 2002 to let him know that her mother intended to retire .
Ms. Williams added that in the course of the investigation only one person -- a ''senior-level lawyer '' at Wal-Mart -- listened to parts of the tapes between Mr. Barbaro and the media group .
In February , Medtronic both contacted the F.D.A .
Hours before the Oscars ceremony , AT & T announced that it would again make a giant deal , agreeing to buy the BellSouth Corporation in a proposed $ 67 billion purchase that is scheduled to close early next year .
Interpublic ought to ''break the mold , '' said Catherine St. Jean , chief operating officer at Judy Wald Partners in New York , an executive search firm specializing in filling creative posts .
Some analysts point out that even with Goldman Sachs 's staff cutbacks , it has maintained its leadership in certain important investment banking categories -- notably mergers and acquisitions , where it is the top-ranked firm in announced and completed transactions .
( A Microsoft spokeswoman said ClearType did differ from Free and Clear but offered no details . )
Yahoo disputes the notion that it is losing people at an unusual rate , saying that it had named about 80 vice presidents worldwide this year , most of them promoted from inside .
William Clay Ford Jr , great-grandson of Henry Ford , assumes control of Ford Motor Co as sole chief executive , ending awkward power sharing arrangement with ousted Jacques Nasser ; says there is need for change in company 's top ranks , which has been struggling to devise turnaround plan , especially since September 11 terrorist attacks has worsened already bleak outlook for automobile industry ; has solid support of extended Ford family , which holds 6 percent of stock and just 3 of 14 seats on board of directors , but voting rights that gives it effective control of company ; company 's problems include loss of market share , two consecutive quarterly losses , frayed relations with dealers , lowered credit rating and dwindling of cash reserves ; graphs ; charts ; photos ( M )
ScreamingMedia , company that gathers content like news stories and photos and filters it into client Web sites , is expected to announce plans to provide wireless services for its network of 2,800 content providers and 1,100 subscribers ; in deal with OracleMobile , wireless Internet subsidiary of Oracle Corp , ScreamingMedia will develop and operate wireless services for media companies ( S )
Shares of Boeing soared $ 3.125 yesterday , to $ 43.625 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Microsoft products for word-processing and networking have already become de facto standards on many campuses , as they have for most corporations and home-based computer users .
After the alliance with AT & T was announced on June 20 , BBN shares rose 49 percent in one day , to $ 27.625 .
But Apple pointed to industry figures showing its share of digital music player sales in the United States market rose to 78 percent in March .
Europeans Rule Against Microsoft ; Appeal Is Promised
But because much of its future potential was already factored into its initial offering price , few other than the company 's founders and its venture capitalists can boast they got rich off Apple .
The combined institution will retain the Bank of America name and its headquarters in Charlotte , the former home of NationsBank .
Confident Microsoft Corp executives outline for industry analysts string of successes suggesting momentum throughout computer industry in markets as diverse as home computers , business desktop machines , engineering work stations and giant computers that connect entire corporations and serve up World Wide Web sites on Internet ; company says it plans to increase research and development spending to $ 3 billion a year from $ 2.5 billion in fiscal year that ended on June 30 , and to pump almost $ 200 million a year more into technical and customer support ( M )
''This revised proposal is superior to the Verizon transaction , '' the chief executive of Qwest , Richard C. Notebaert , wrote in a letter to MCI 's board , outlining the proposal .
At the same time , the two top makers of big airliners , Boeing and Airbus Industrie , are rushing to produce new models like the Boeing 717 and Airbus A318 to compete in the larger-capacity end of the regional jet market .
Shares of Northeast Utilities rose 12.5 cents yesterday , to $ 21.25 , while Con Edison fell 75 cents , to $ 36.4375 .
The commercial is the first for S.O.S scouring pads from the Clorox Company , which bought the venerable brand from Miles Inc. in January .
From the end of 1994 through March 31 , I.B.M .
Oracle Posts 31 % Increase In Earnings
The Defense and Justice Departments said last week that they were worried that the deal would stifle competition , in part because Lockheed Martin , a major aircraft manufacturer , would own a leading supplier of radar and other electronic systems used in those planes .
The accumulation of that stake and the threat that Mr. Malone could use it to challenge Mr. Murdoch 's control led News Corporation to enact a contentious poison pill a couple of years ago .
Comcast Corp abandons its $ 54.1 billion hostile takeover bid for Walt Disney Co , faced with Disney 's continued refusal to consider selling and falling price of Comcast stock since offer was made ; withdrawal offers Disney and its chief executive Michael D Eisner only temporary relief from their critics ; restive shareholders are so convinced that Eisner has mismanaged company that they forced Disney 's board to strip him of his chairman 's title last month ; Roy E Disney , Walt Disney 's nephew and former board member , reaffirms his commitment to force Eisner out ; what has drawn his particular ire , and surprised some Wall St analysts and investors , is board 's decision not to initiate formal succession plan for Eisner ; photo ( M )
''Most people watching this litigation closely thought that Merck ought to win it , '' said Carl W. Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond .
Ask Joseph T. Cestaro , a frequent flier with Delta , Northwest and Alaska Airlines , about that .
McCann-Erickson Picked by Motorola
''Supply issues are for Apple a minor problem compared to demand issues , '' Mr. Wolf said .
The companies participating in the new program are Abbott Laboratories , AstraZeneca , Bristol-Myers Squibb , GlaxoSmithKline , Johnson & Johnson , Novartis , Pfizer , Sanofi-Aventis , Takeda and TAP Pharmaceutical Products .
At Northrop Grumman , which produces aircraft carriers and a new generation of destroyers , profits in the shipbuilding division nearly doubled , to $ 186 million , in the first half of 2004 from $ 98 million in the first half of 2003 .
Over the summer , Global Crossing wrangled with Qwest Communications International Inc. , another long-distance newcomer , for control of both Frontier and U S West Inc. , the regional Bell giant , before the two competitors agreed to divide the spoils , with Frontier going to Global Crossing .
In the United States , the News Corporation has been at the forefront , creating ''24 : Conspiracy , '' based on a 20th Century Fox Television serial ; another serial based on ''The Simple Life , '' a reality show that starred Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie ; and two other serial dramas not tied to television shows .
Mr. Cobb , whose Web site was introduced last year with fewer than half the 150 brands the site now features , speculated that some brands might have been waiting to see Piperlime in action before committing to the new site -- a notion that Mr. Lenk , of Gap , confirmed .
Instead , Sun said that very soon after the agreement was reached , Microsoft began releasing versions of Java to be used to develop software exclusively for use on Microsoft operating systems .
Another director is a consultant who has a contract with the Coca-Cola Company .
But the pattern that she uncovered -- that her patient was just one of scores in the same condition , nearly all of whom had taken a drug made by Johnson & Johnson -- has raised doubts about not just the company but about a whole class of drugs that are a cornerstone of biotechnology .
Apple is a late entrant to the living room market , which is already crowded with digital devices that can play video , like the Xbox and PlayStation game consoles and Microsoft-based Media Center personal computers , along with streaming video gadgets of every shape and function .
But Microsoft and AOL are having some success in persuading customers to use their services , in addition to cable or phone company broadband .
Analysts here said the edge had been taken off the news by unfounded rumors that Telmex might link up with both AT & T and Alfa .
A few months ago , the National Football League signed an exclusive deal with Electronic Arts , an event that was a major blow to Take-Two Interactive , which had hoped to gain some N.F.L .
The four others featured Madeline , French heroine of the much-loved children 's books , in titles published by the Learning Company , which Mattel is also acquiring .
Kakutaro Kitashiro , general manager of IBM Japan , is promoted to general manager of IBM 's Asia-Pacific operations ( S )
Under the Nynex proposal , A.T. & T. might pay only $ 1.50 in the city but a higher amount -- some $ 8.50 -- elsewhere in the state .
Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs 's call for record industry to drop copy protection , or digital rights management , from music sold online draws lukewarm reception in Europe ; analysts , music industry representatives and consumer organizations praise Jobs 's apparent willingness to discuss copy-protection issue but say proposal seems to be effort to shift focus of debate ; Norwegian Consumer Council senior adviser Torgeir Waterhouse says Jobs is trying to move responsibility away from Apple and turn situation into trans-Atlantic trade issue ( M )
As usual , analysts said , merchants rushing to fill a perceived gap in the mall created too much competition in a niche market , eventually tripping over one another .
Acknowledging its dismal public standing , Pfizer , the nation 's largest drug company , held a news conference on Wednesday to announce an effort to provide discounted drugs to the working poor and anyone without health insurance .
In its statement yesterday , Aetna said it expected an additional $ 90 million in medical expenses for the first quarter , costs that had spilled over from late last year .
The I.B.M .
If this provision stands , Pfizer would have to pay about $ 2.50 a share more than American Home would have to pay to have a comparable bid .
The ruling has been stayed , pending the outcome of Microsoft 's appeal , which is scheduled to be heard in late February .
It also underscores the effort by Juniper Networks , which makes routers used to direct data traffic , to expand its reach in markets where it competes with Cisco Systems , the leader in producing the complex digital plumbing that makes the Internet flow .
But the ruling could set profound new ground rules for Microsoft in Europe , and perhaps in other markets around the world , as well .
Sony points out that whereas Apple does n't share its AAC format with anyone , Atrac is available for licensing by other music-player makers .
Johnson & Johnson says it has done nothing wrong , and the plant passed two recent inspections .
Tom Miller , the attorney general of Iowa who leads the 19 state attorneys general who joined with the Justice Department in suing Microsoft , said he believed the poll was ''slanted -- we all know how it 's going to turn out . ''
But now , with the Wintel market increasingly the same regardless of brand , Apple has repositioned itself in the PC market through ease of use and appealing industrial design .
Time magazine plan for regular weekly edition on future of medicine that will be sponsored solely by drug maker Pfizer Inc spurs controversy ; magazine 's previous single-advertiser issues have all been special issues ; Time is already under attack by rivals for blurring line between editorial and advertising priorities ; Barrett Seaman , editor in charge of issue , spent day with Pfizer product managers ; he admits he is disturbed by trend toward having single advertisers featured in issue solely about their industry ( M )
W. Mark Lanier , the lawyer who represented Mrs. Ernst , said yesterday that Merck 's willingness to consider settling some cases was an important first step in undoing the damage that Vioxx had caused .
Among those testifying was Robert Glaser , a former Microsoft employee who is now chairman of Real Networks , a Seattle-based maker of software that enables users to receive live audio and video on their Web browsers .
Intel has been a successful company for many years .
Of the $ 755 million charge , $ 634 million relates to the work force reductions across all CSX units .
''Ultimately it 's about performance , '' said David H. Sidwell , chief financial officer of Morgan Stanley .
Two people who did attend that June meeting have been named as witnesses in the trial scheduled to begin next week : James L. Barksdale , Netscape 's president , and Daniel Rosen , Microsoft 's general manager of new technology .
A Federal judge ruled on Saturday that the Intel Corporation had not violated a court order to treat the Intergraph Corporation the same as any other business while the two companies await a pending lawsuit trial .
Kodak 's consumer cameras are doing well now because they are easy to use , but they wo n't be blockbusters in terms of profits or longevity .
General Electric had offered to sell parts of Honeywell that generate at least $ 2.2 billion in annual sales , and to segregate the leasing unit from its direct parent , GE Capital .
The judge in the Microsoft antitrust case set a ''fast track '' schedule today intended to conclude the proceedings and impose a remedy roughly by the end of May .
Motorola introduces two new GSM cell phones , V100 and Accompli , which facilitate text messaging by providing user-friendly keyboards ; photo ( S )
Analysts noted that I.B.M .
Joan Underwood , a spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin Space Systems , said that even her company would not know the exact reasons for its selection ''until each team is debriefed by NASA in a week or two . ''
Jill E. Barad , chairwoman and chief executive of Mattel Inc. for three years , announced her immediate resignation after an unscheduled meeting in New York of Mattel 's directors .
Microsoft executives may have cheered as loudly as anyone this month when it became clear that George W. Bush would be the next president .
General Motors vice chairman Robert Lutz says his company has fallen behind rival Toyota in terms of clout among politicians ; stresses GM would rather lose several points of market share than heavily discount vehicles as it has in past ; GM spokesman in Washington Greg Martin emphasizes that Lutz 's opinions do not represent company 's perspective ; photo ( M )
Mr. Meadlock said that since Intergraph recognized it was ''locked in '' to Intel products , his company did not initially confront Intel about the patent issues , but instead tried to obtain royalties from the computer makers .
The home-improvement giant Home Depot has its eye on this trend .
It was the fourth consecutive quarter that Oracle 's profit rose at least 20 percent , making good on the pledge of Lawrence J. Ellison , the chief executive , that annual growth would be at least that much for the next five years .
Industry executives , including representatives from Microsoft and Intel , met last week with Defense Department officials to try to stave off that effort , which includes a government proposal now before the global overseer of radio frequencies .
Real Networks , whose chief executive , Robert Glaser , is a former Microsoft executive , also makes software that enables personal computers to receive radio-style audio and television-style video over the Internet .
The stated purpose of the conference , which opened here today , is to reach a consensus on issues like when and how to publicize vulnerabilities in a vendor 's software -- like , say , Microsoft 's -- that could compromise privacy or data security .
In recent weeks , he said , Goldman Sachs ' management committee has twice relaxed his sales restrictions and allowed him to sell stock worth $ 50 million .
AT & T Offers Concessions On Its Deal For BellSouth
Boeing said it had no plans to move its giant commercial aircraft unit , which manufactures ubiquitous passenger jets like the Boeing 737 , 747 and 767 , out of the Seattle area .
States Weigh Going It Alone In Legal Battle With Microsoft
For the first time in a clinical study , Biogen 's genetically engineered beta interferon , an immune system hormone , slowed the progression of multiple sclerosis , a disease of the nervous system .
Mark Schwartz , the departing president of the Goldman Sachs Japanese operations , will join the advisory board on July 1 .
With its new approach to retail , AT & T appears to be reading from the Apple 's playbook .
Cable operator Comcast Corp says it is in talks with Time Warner Inc to make joint bid for Adelphia Communications , bankrupt cable company ; deal would make it possible for Comcast to exchange its 21 percent stake in Time Warner Cable for parts of Adelphia 's networks in tax-efficient manner ; chart of seven parcels Adelphia seeks to sell piecemeal or as single company ; map ( M )
Some major advertisers have been pulling back from big campaigns ; last month , Yahoo said it was hurt by cutbacks from auto and financial advertisers .
Philip H. Knight , Nike 's chairman and chief executive , also agreed to a demand that the company has long resisted , pledging to allow outsiders from labor and human rights groups to join the independent auditors who inspect the factories in Asia , interviewing workers and assessing working conditions .
Just before the trial , Mr. Peterman 's lawyer , Randy Spencer , came up with an idea while looking out the window of the courtroom at the Provo Marriott .
In fact , General Motors is running the long-term sponsorship and advertising campaign much like a political campaign .
For the first two months of the year , worldwide sales were $ 6.2 billion , McDonald 's said , unchanged from figures in the period a year earlier .
''At least Microsoft is smart enough to figure it out . ''
''When I got involved , it was n't about business -- Halliburton and Bechtel -- but Dan and Tina and I had to face the fact that we had to make a post-9/11 movie , '' Mr. Rudin said .
Last month , Sematech , the 10-year-old research consortium financed by 10 American chip manufacturers , including I.B.M. , announced that it had produced silicon wafers -- the basic building block of a chip -- with copper deposited on them .
Mr. Fugazy said his agency sent a letter to Bristol-Myers Squibb 's chairman demanding that the company apologize for the ad .
's $ 45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International .
Microsoft Trial Explores an Odd Alliance
Coming Soon to Wal-Mart : 2 Low-End PCs From Dell
But it is the deal with Microsoft that has drawn criticism , because to many it smacks of handing the company a de facto monopoly .
Mr. Thomson and executives at MCI and the News Corporation said yesterday that their companies had not revived any talks .
The principal gift , of $ 11.5 million , came from Paul G. Allen , a Seattle investor , one of the founders of Microsoft and a philanthropist of scientific research .
A sharp decline in stock market volatility during the summer helped stunt Morgan Stanley 's results .
At 8:30 a.m. Wednesday , Mr. Roberts called Mr. Noski and said Comcast would raise its bid by about $ 800 million .
While the purchase will shave about 12 cents off earnings next year , the price paid for Skype is less than 5 percent of eBay 's market capitalization of $ 53 billion .
At the expected exchange ratio , each AT & T share now has $ 7.63 of its value attributable to Comcast , and just over $ 2.15 to what is left of AT & T , even before the spinoff of the consumer tracking stock .
Failures and rollovers involving Bridgestone/Firestone and Ford Motor Co have emerged as biggest product liability controversy in years , and Venezuela as one of scandal 's main focal point ; experts in Venezuela say neither legal system nor government regulatory structure in Venezuela is prepared for case of this magnitude ; Venezuela 's legal code does not include class-action suits ( M )
At Sam 's , the very qualities that make Wal-Mart such a formidable competitor -- its size and hard-nosed negotiating tactics with suppliers -- have been unleashed on behalf of small businesses .
General Motors did not explicitly warn that its fourth-quarter profit would fall short of estimates .
And another Intel spokesman , Tom Waldrop , added : ''We were n't aware of the Yale letter until September and the grant was awarded in October .
Yahoo , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , filed the request in federal court in San Jose , Calif .
Several large shareholders agree with this assessment , although other Hughes investors are thought to favor a deal with the News Corporation .
His appointment leaves Goldman Sachs to cope with the most sweeping change in its management ranks since it became a public company in 1999 .
Cox , however , is thought to be more amenable than Comcast to extending a conciliatory gesture to C. Michael Armstrong , AT & T 's chairman .
Coca-Cola shares declined 87.5 cents yesterday , closing at $ 58.9375 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The new version of the drug , called Aranesp , is a longer-lasting form of an existing Amgen drug , Epogen , which is the largest-selling drug in the biotechnology industry .
Microsoft is in a different position , having hedged its bets by continuing its two-decade-old alliance with Intel in producing software and microprocessors for PC 's while turning to I.B.M .
Scott Sassa , executive who led Turner Broadcasting System 's aggressive expansion in entertainment industry , has reportedly decided to resign when expected merger with Time Warner Inc is completed next month ; Sassa said to be dissatisfied with positions available to him in merged company , and with fact that he would no longer be reporting directly to Ted Turner ( M )
Congressional investigators are examining series of undisclosed deals between Enron and Citigroup that raise questions about whether bank ignored its internal guidelines and sidestepped accounting requirements in order to satisfy important client ; want to know why Citigroup went forward with deal called Sundance over strong objections of risk managers and others at bank ; also probe Citigroup 's investment of 3 percent of equity in off-the-books partnership called Bacchus , in which Enron placed its pulp and paper business , after receiving oral commitments that Enron would 'support ' bank 's investment ; Sundance and Bacchus demonstrate aggressiveness in recent years of major banking institutions in putting together structured finance deals , which combine complex investment vehicles with efforts to evade or maneuver around accounting , tax and other rules ( M )
DePuy Spine , the Johnson & Johnson unit that will market the Charité , is based in Raynham , Mass .
With its stock price low , Monsanto is considered a takeover target .
Not Fifth Third .
The analysts said that five weeks ago , when Circuit City made its announcement , Whirlpool played down the news , so few on Wall Street expected such a sharp cut in the earnings forecasts .
MCI said it planned to convene its board to assess the offer and determine if it was sufficiently superior to Verizon 's to merit full consideration according to the terms of its agreement with Verizon .
Unlike many Internet stock analysts who focus on a company 's revenue or visits to Web sites , Mr. Suria evaluated Amazon using the approach of a hard-nosed accountant who has a duty to evaluate whether the company will be able to sustain itself in the coming year .
Indeed , Boeing 's announcement comes at a time that the $ 50 billion company is expanding into the military business to offset declines in commercial aviation .
`` This thing and its eventual cousins from Motorola and others have a chance , if AT & T and General Magic can hang in there for a few more years , '' said Kimball Brown , an analyst with the research house Dataquest Inc .
''The very first time I did the Wal-Mart cheer , I felt a little foolish , '' he said .
Former Adelphia Communications executive Karen Chrosniak testifies that in May 2002 , as Adelphia was heading toward financial collapse , company 's former chief financial officer , Timothy J Rigas , misrepresented to Moody 's Investors Service the terms of margin loans owed by his family ; says that Rigas told Moody 's that large margin loans taken out by him and other Rigas family members would not be called until price of Adelphia stock had fallen to $ 3 to $ 4 a share ; says that Deutsche Bank had called in Regas family margin loan just a few days before Moody 's meeting , when Adelphia stock was trading at $ 6 to $ 7 a share ( M )
Microsoft Corp to join research coalition developing next-generation Internet , highly reliable high-speed network ; program , Internet2 , is backed by 150 universities and about 15 corporations ; University Corporation for Advanced Internet Development , which oversees projects , expects Microsoft 's move to spur other software companies to join ( M )
Mr. Cohen saw Coca-Cola as a ''market performer , '' but cautioned that ''built into the future earnings expectations for both Coke and Pepsi is a strengthening of the international demand for soft drinks .
CBS has repurposed ''Survivor '' on the Web by offering it both free and ad-supported .
John Bonomo , a spokesman for Verizon in New York , said the decision came after a three-month review that had been narrowed to the Draft/Zenith combination and four finalists he declined to identify .
Richard T. Evans , a drug industry analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , said that for Wal-Mart , which has been a frequent target of labor unions for its pay and health benefits policies , selling $ 4 drugs ''makes more sense as a political air cover '' than ''as a retail strategy . ''
WAVE THE FLAG -- When Linda Kaplan Thaler , chief executive at the Kaplan Thaler Group , spoke Friday , she joked that Wal-Mart would someday merge with the United States government and showed a mock commercial in which an announcer intoned , ''We 're not just the lowest prices in the country , we ARE the country . ''
Apple agreed to put the school at the head of the line for the new machines .
Many Wall Street analysts also say that Comcast must raise its bid further if it hopes to prevail .
Wal-Mart Stores ' victory in opening store in Vermont has been echoed throughout Northeast , where retail has lately been mounting aggressive expansion drive with little of uproar that accompanied its rocky start earlier in decade ; what is particularly significant about latest Northeast push is that most of new stores are supercenters ; average Wal-Mart supercenter rings up about $ 55 million to $ 65 million in annual sales -- almost double volume of regular Wal-Mart and seven times that of rival discounter like Ames Department Stores ; some analysts believe Wal-Mart is expected to triple its supercenter presence in region in just next two years -- expansion that could draw $ 3 billion more in annual sales ; map ; chart ; photo ( M )
Still , some people in the business agree that it will be her ability to direct and deliver ''hard news '' about war , famine , the ups and downs of world leaders and the economy that will determine whether she is able to move CBS from its longtime spot in last place among the three network newscasts and to attract the younger viewers advertisers covet .
The hiring of Ms. Roizen had been hailed at the time as a key part of the initial turnaround effort by Mr. Amelio , who also joined Apple last February .
Mr. Roberts said he might use some of Microsoft 's cash to pay it down .
If , however , Judge Jackson agrees with some of the government 's legal contentions but rejects others , the sanctions against Microsoft could be less severe , prohibiting it from some practices but leaving the company intact .
Coca-Cola Co chairman M Douglas Ivester apologizes to people of Belgium in extraordinary contrite newspaper ads over contamination scare that began there more than a week ago and spread to other countries in Europe ; but he stops short of conceding that Coca-Cola products made anyone sick , and study released by company suggests something else had caused their symptoms ; study concluded that substances like hydrogen sulfide were present in Coca-Cola soft drinks that people drank before coming down with symptoms like nausea and headaches , but amounts were too tiny to have caused illness ; spokesman for Ivester says he met last week with James E Burke , former Johnson & Johnson chairman who helped that company weather crisis caused by cyanide-laced Tylenol in 1986 ( M )
From CBS News Chief , New Hints on Anchor Job
Sun Microsystems and Intel , two technology companies that have rarely found themselves on the same side of the aisle , announced a deal on Monday for Sun to use Intel chips in some of its computer servers , a setback for the rival chip maker Advanced Micro Devices .
James McFarland , 90 , Executive Who Diversified General Mills
Indeed , radio advertisements seeking plaintiffs are being broadcast and some suits were filed almost immediately after Merck 's recall announcement on Thursday .
Shares in Time Warner Inc. rose $ 1.3125 , to $ 76.6875 , today .
Despite assurances that the supermarket , which had been profitable , would remain open , town officials learned in February that CVS had purchased the lease and would open a drugstore -- meaning that the nearest supermarket would be about a 20-minute drive away .
Mr. Murray of Microsoft said his company had received documents demonstrating that rivals were engaged in similar lobbying efforts against Microsoft .
Splitting Microsoft in two was the option championed by the Clinton administration , some industry groups and some economists .
Edwards , '' said Jim Finn , a spokesman for Oracle .
Mr. Dooner chimed in that Interpublic wanted to acquire True North because ''I 've got to make sure Brendan Ryan buys that media plan I tried to sell him 30 years ago . ''
Looking ahead , Cisco executives said they expected revenue this quarter to be 18 percent to 20 percent higher than a year earlier , and 1 percent to 3 percent higher than the second-quarter results .
It will be years before anyone knows for sure just how lasting a breakthrough Johnson & Johnson 's new stent turns out to be .
Merck 's new drugs have yet to become fast sellers , and several of its mainstays were hurt by stiff competition .
Wal-Mart 's utilitarian design -- ceilings with exposed pipes -- put off shoppers used to the decorated ceilings in E-Mart stores .
After almost a quarter-century , General Electric will no longer ''bring good things to life . ''
Microsoft also asked the judge to throw out the government 's breakup proposal immediately , arguing that ''the laws and the facts do not support such a radical step . ''
And a growing number of consumer groups in Germany and elsewhere complained that Coca-Cola had been opaque and unreassuring in its public explanations .
The lead banks on the loan , it said , were J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup .
Lastly , union officials are angry because in their view , General Motors , in its new outsourcing offensive , is violating the contract that the Flint local signed last year in which it accepted numerous steps to increase productivity .
A federal judge dismissed a lawsuit yesterday by PepsiCo that accused Coca-Cola of unfairly wielding its influence to control the beverages served in restaurants , movie theaters and other businesses .
W Mark Lanier , lawyer for survivors of Robert C Ernst who died at age 59 in May 2001 after taking Vioxx , tells Texas jury in his closing argument that Vioxx 's maker Merck lied to public about medicine 's dangers and should be punished with very large damage award ; ask jury to ward Ernst 's wife , Carol , $ 40 million in compensatory damages and many times that in punitive damages ; large award is necessary to persuade drug companies to disclose risks of their medicines ; Merck 's lawyers implore jury not to hold Merck responsible for Ernst 's death , saying that Lanier did not prove Vioxx caused Ernst to die ; photo ( M )
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its earnings rose 7 percent in the fourth quarter , falling just shy of Wall Street estimates despite stronger-than-expected growth in soft-drink sales .
Stephen M. Case , chairman of America Online Inc. , refers to dealing with Microsoft as ''a delicate balancing act . ''
And in an uncharacteristic gesture , Time Warner 's chairman called Mr. Case and his board late Sunday night to welcome them into the club .
Xerox also consolidated many back-office operations last year , causing backlogs in accounts receivable and billing problems .
Organized union-backed opposition to Wal-Mart has existed , in one shape or another , for at least a decade , but it escalated sharply in 2005 .
The commission said in a statement Wednesday that it would consider Microsoft 's response carefully .
The men 's clothing lines , the backbone of the company , grew 10 percent last year , not bad for a 30-year-old business , and a level Polo/Ralph Lauren expects to sustain this year .
''After a strong August , we 're seeing slowness everywhere , '' a perplexed Robert H. Brust , Kodak 's chief financial officer , told analysts in a hastily arranged conference call yesterday .
Though only about 350 programs have been specifically adapted to take advantage of the new software , Apple 's chief executive , Mr. Jobs , said there would be an ''avalanche '' by late summer and into the fall .
If a final ruling follows the position laid out in today 's statement , then Microsoft will have the right to appeal the decision at the European Court of First Instance in Luxembourg .
The matter also could come to the fore if General Motors decided to file for bankruptcy protection against creditors as the best way to handle its financial troubles .
''I.B.M .
Food and beverage makers are finding that playing ball with Wal-Mart is wise .
I.B.M .
Shares of Coca-Cola Beverages fell 6 pence , to 131 pence ( $ 2.04 ) , on the London Stock Exchange .
Apple Computer on Tuesday introduced an updated version of its iMac home computer with a minimalist all-in-one system that hides the computer 's internal components inside a flat- panel L.C.D .
Instead of bundling the program into its Windows operating system as Microsoft does now , the European Commission is expected to demand that Microsoft sell two versions of Windows to manufacturers of personal computers -- one of them with Media Player stripped out .
Ortho Biotech Products , a unit of Johnson & Johnson , will pay Millennium $ 15 million up front and as much as $ 520 million later if Velcade wins approval in various countries for treating multiple myeloma and other types of cancers and if it achieves sales goals .
Yahoo plans to announce today that it will offer new services directed through a telephone rather than a computer .
Jeffrey O. Henley , Oracle 's chief financial officer , said the company now assumes ''things will get worse before they get better . ''
Prince III , Citigroup 's chairman and chief executive , is under pressure from investors to reverse years of disappointing results .
''This is the first time the cable industry is moving a step ahead of satellite , '' said David Watson , an executive vice president at Comcast , which has video on demand in 19 markets , including Albuquerque , Indianapolis , Baltimore and Union , N.J. ''It 's a great example of competition kicking in . ''
Others who joined the brief supporting Microsoft include Griffin B .
Intel 's inventory levels grew by $ 427 million in the quarter , the company said .
In early 1996 , within weeks of learning about the meningitis epidemic from an Internet site , Pfizer , the world 's largest pharmaceutical company , sent a six-member research team to the Infectious Disease Hospital in Kano , Nigeria , a strife-torn city suffering concurrent epidemics of bacterial meningitis , measles and cholera .
Intel Corp begins selling four new microprocessors that use lss power than its current laptop chips ; new Intel chips include two new Pentium III 's , one using less than 1 volt of power , and two Celerons , all running at speeds of 600 to 750 megahertz ; marketing director Donald McDonald comments ( S )
With Netflix , he said , customers have to wait several days for the DVD .
By product group , sales at Microsoft 's client unit , which is mostly the Windows desktop operating system , grew to nearly $ 3.4 billion , up 12 percent , or slightly higher than the pace of personal computer shipments over all during the quarter .
But she added , `` I 'm concerned about AT & T 's ferocious attack because I think the basic framework is sound . ''
Because of the end of the subsidies , retailers said , the stores most severely squeezed by the plan are independents and specialized chains like Virgin and Tower Records , which sell more CD 's from new artists than Wal-Mart or Best Buy .
Intel added the feature in the interest of improving security and privacy , a company spokesman said , but some privacy watchdog groups say that feature threatens privacy instead of protecting it .
Analysts had warned that a lengthy dispute could damage morale at Boeing , just when the company 's commercial jet division had begun to show signs of a financial recovery .
Federal Trade Commission says it will not oppose proposed $ 14 billion acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corp by Boeing Co ( L )
Their tone was more forcefully optimistic than in previous earnings announcements , a practiced quarterly ritual in which Microsoft reports extraordinary profit figures accompanied by guarded commentary about the many challenges the company faces in the months ahead .
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Best Buy To Require Radio ID Tags
Richard M Gottlieb letter says antitrust case against Microsoft has done more damage to American consumer than anything government can hope to remedy ; cites recent Nasdaq stock selloff ( S )
Wal-Mart is countersuing .
In 1994 , the European Commission and the Justice Department jointly forced Microsoft to abandon its licensing agreements with personal computer makers that had forced them to pay a royalty on every PC , whether or not it had Microsoft software preinstalled .
''But Coca-Cola has such a strong brand that it is freer than other companies , '' said Aubrey Balkind , chief executive of Frankfurt Balkind Partners , a communications agency in New York that works on corporate identity projects .
The CSX Corporation and the Norfolk Southern Corporation announced an agreement yesterday that details how the two companies would split the assets of Conrail .
assignments , with spending estimated at $ 50 million to $ 100 million , are being transferred to a WPP sibling , OgilvyOne in New York , which already handles direct marketing tasks for the I.B.M .
Investors gave a skeptical greeting yesterday to Pfizer 's proposed $ 60 billion acquisition of Pharmacia , driving Pfizer 's stock down more than 10 percent despite executives ' attempts to soothe them by accelerating a buyback .
However , Airbus or any other potential competitors to Boeing would have to offer strong incentives to airlines to complicate their fleets with new aircraft types .
Wall Street Journal , already roiled by proposed takeover by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp , is expected to announce major newsroom shake-up ; reorganization represents bid by managing editor Marcus E Brauchli , who took top job in newsroom just month ago ; newsroom announcement will come on day that Bancroft family , which owns controlling stake in Dow Jones , is expected to make new proposal to News Corp on safeguarding Journal 's editorial independence in event of sale ; Bancrofts ' goal is to keep appointment of Journal 's top editors out of Murdoch 's hands ; John Bussey , deputy managing editor who has been based in Hong Kong , will lose that title ; he has been offered position as columnist , but has not decide if he will accept it and is continuing to discuss his next assignment ; another deputy managing editor Edward Felsenthal is also expected to lose his title ; Daniel Hertzberg , senior deputy managing editor , will become top editor of Journal 's Europe and Asia editions ; William S Grueskin , managing editor of Wall Street Journal Online , will be promoted to deputy managing editor of newspaper ( M )
Ever since , Citigroup has been on the prowl , especially in parts of Asia and Central America .
Among other things , the companies are suing each other over the fine print in Jones 's contract to make Polo 's Lauren/Ralph Lauren line .
Shares of Coca-Cola fell $ 1.11 , to $ 46.89 yesterday .
The News Corporation 's plans in China are centered on greater distribution for its satellite television service , Star TV .
Bristol-Myers Squibb reaches pact with Athersys Inc aimed at letting it circumvent patents on genes to develop drug ; Athersys says its produces proteins associated with genes in way that does not infringe on gene patents ; deal is first for Athersys with major drug maker ( M )
''Otherwise Microsoft gets to argue , 'Who knew if it would have evolved into a competitor ? '
Continuing to deliver fast growth , Yahoo said its sales more than doubled , its profit margins widened and its user base doubled last quarter from the comparable period of 1998 .
Intel said on Monday that personal computer makers , like Dell , have started shipping dual-care systems .
But the temporary aid suspension rules out any loans or subsidies for new projects like the 7E7 Dreamliner from Boeing , as well as the A350 that Airbus may build to challenge it .
By 2003 , she estimates that hand-held machines using Microsoft technology will account for 40 percent of the market compared with 58 percent for those running Palm software .
General Motors Corp has expressed dismay at recent hiring by Publicis Groupe of senior GM executive to oversee account of competing carmaker Toyota Motor at Publicis agency ; catalyst for dispute was hiring last month by Torrance , Calif , office of Saatchi & Saatchi of Kurt Ritter as chief executive and overseer of Toyota account ; Ritter had been general manager for Buick and Pontiac divisions of GM ( S )
As a matter of law , the Court 's Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law do not justify the government 's radical request to split Microsoft into two separate companies -- what the government euphemistically refers to as a simple ''reorganization . ''
Akamai does not , instead piggybacking on network carrying capacity from UUNet , Sprint and others .
Those remedies included limiting Microsoft 's ability to prevent computer makers from modifying software packages and precluding onerous licensing agreements .
Besides , he added , the tricky matter of trying to determine if a price is below some technical definition of its cost to produce does not apply because ''Microsoft distributes its browser at a zero price , '' though it has spent more than $ 100 million a year since 1995 on browser development .
The letter , by Verizon 's general counsel , William P. Barr , an attorney general during the administration of President Bush 's father , said that ''the United States is now on notice that it is effectively serving as a 'fence ' for stolen property . ''
With the acquisition , Citigroup 's Global Transaction Services group plans to offer the cards to its 41,000 corporate and government clients .
Up to 20 percent of Motorola 's semiconductors are used internally .
Some of Wal-Mart 's problems stem from hubris , a uniquely powerful American enterprise trying to impose its values around the world .
A company spokesman said the errors had been uncovered in a regular review by Goodyear officials .
For all the attention Microsoft 's antitrust confrontation with the Justice Department has received , for all the headlines and all the commentary on the subject , it often seems that the Government is stepping into what is essentially an intramural spat within the software industry .
will benefit an array of media conglomerates , including Viacom ( the parent of CBS ) , AT & T , AOL Time Warner , Disney , ( the parent of ABC ) , General Electric ( the parent of NBC ) , the Tribune Company , and the companies controlled by Rupert Murdoch .
Jack B. Grubman , a former analyst in the Salomon Smith Barney unit of Citigroup , agreed to pay a $ 15 million fine and to be barred from working on Wall Street .
Maurice R Greenberg , who built American International Group into global insurance powerhouse , and shaped entire industry during nearly 40 years at company 's helm , steps down as chief executive after series of run-ins with regulators raise questions about its complex and often obscure operations ; his exit comes after lengthy discussions by company 's directors in recent days and appears intended to avert head-on collision with SEC and New York Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer ; Greenberg had been scheduled to appear for deposition in Spitzer 's office to answer questions about transaction that regulators say may have artificially bolstered company 's financial position ( L )
She took advantage of holiday shopping bonuses at the online shopping mall run by American Airlines ' frequent-flier program .
Unilever agrees to sell some of its European sauces and packet-soup businesses to Campbell Soup for about $ 920 million to satisfy conditions imposed by regulators when they approved Unilever 's acquistion of Bestfoods in US ( M )
Unlike the Friendsters of the world , which connect friends to friends and friends to friends of friends , Netflix 's system stops at one degree of separation , ensuring members ' privacy , she said .
He said that thanks to a tax break worth $ 57 million over 10 years , Citigroup planned to move 1,600 ''out-of-state jobs '' to a corporate campus in Warren ( the former home of Lucent Technologies ) , and create 650 jobs .
Microsoft 's filing , in a sense , is the latest salvo in its long-running legal battle with the government to define the scope of the antitrust case .
But according to Rabbi Abraham Cooper , an associate dean at the Wiesenthal Center and one of the participants , it was also intended to serve as a wake-up call for Yahoo .
American Express Co places in review most of media planning and buying duties forits worldwide advertising account ; total billings estimated at $ 350 million to $ 400 million ( S )
The charge covered a write-down in the value at which Citigroup was carrying Argentine corporate and consumer loans and investments on its books as well as a provision for future losses .
Despite spending almost $ 3 billion a year on research and development , Microsoft is frequently portrayed as a company distinguished by its ability to capitalize on the ideas of others .
News Corporation said yesterday that its fiscal third-quarter profit jumped 69 percent , driven by strong performances at its television and cable units , home to ''American Idol '' and the Fox News Channel .
Unlike Mr. Banga , Mr. Freiberg has spent his entire 25-year career inside Citigroup , starting with the credit card group , then a fledgling unit , in the early 1980 's .
Intel 's expected decision to enter the television market is another powerful indicator of the computer industry 's assault on the consumer electronics industry .
Merck and federal officials should have withdrawn the painkiller Vioxx from the market as early as 2000 because studies of the drug had clearly shown that it doubled the risk of heart attacks among users , according to a study released yesterday by The Lancet , a British medical journal .
Nine states and the District of Columbia are demanding that Microsoft pay for its antitrust violations by submitting to a broad range of restraints aimed at restoring the competition in the market for PC operating system software .
Wal-Mart 's three-DVD plan had been $ 18.76 a month .
The ruling by Federal District Judge Jed S. Rakoff was hailed by Motorola and by Nokia , which had sought the order after filing a lawsuit charging members of the Uzan family and codefendants with illegally appropriating about $ 3 billion that had been lent to the family , with Telsim stock as collateral .
''Obviously the information has dribbled in fits and starts out of Apple .
''Amazon 's slogan is world 's biggest selection , not world 's cheapest prices , '' said Professor Brynjolfsson , who has done pioneering research on information technology and productivity .
Oracle , based in Redwood City , Calif. , closed at $ 12.20 a share , down 28 cents for the day .
Intel will also begin selling components called chip sets , which allow the processor to talk to other parts of a PC , to accompany the Xeon .
Qwest 's shares trade near $ 4 while Verizon 's are near $ 36.00 .
Verizon has until Friday to respond to the MCI board 's decision to call Qwest 's offer superior .
Rikki Klieman , Court TV anchorwoman , comments on prospect of receiving a wedding proposal from William J Bratton , former Police Commissioner , now that their divorces are final ; photo ... Susan Carpenter-McMillan will represent Abe Hirschfeld for free in court appearances related to charges that he hired a hit man to kill a business partner ; photo ... Raoul Lionel Felder , the divorce lawyer , cancels his insurance policies with Chubb Group because Pres Clinton 's umbrella policy with company covered part of Paula Corbin Jones 's sexual-harassment settlement ... Guard at City Hall blocks former Mayor Edward I Koch from visiting Blue Room ( M )
Because Molson 's voting shares are effectively controlled by Eric H. Molson , the company 's chairman , approval from that class of equity holder is not a concern for the company .
The outsiders come because they believe they must , especially since Wal-Mart began adding supermarkets onto its discount stores a few years ago .
But Hasbro officials said they had given warning and noted there was relatively little movement in the stock .
I.B.M .
The company 's full-year earnings statement highlighted various bottler acquisitions and investments , including an acquisition in Russia , the spinoff of Coca-Cola Beverages from Coca-Cola Amatil , another anchor bottler , and investment in bottling businesses in India .
The executives said that Amazon 's offer of free shipping was increasing sales worldwide and that the company planned to continue the program indefinitely .
Microsoft denied that intent , and outside experts noted that the company might not gain any particular advantage from a delay .
Even though the stock has fallen 21 percent from its February high , Intel has remained one of the most widely held and deeply loved stocks in America .
Among the special features is a System Scan that keeps an eye out for security problems in Internet Explorer and Windows and will download software patches and updates from Microsoft as soon as needed , subtracting a chore from the weekly To Do list .
SHERWIN-WILLIAMS CO. , Cleveland , sold two adhesives businesses acquired in January as part of its takeover of Pratt & Lambert United Inc .
The decision has no effect on a $ 320 million settlement that I.B.M .
About three million Americans now take the drug , most of them postmenopausal women with osteoporosis , according to its maker , Merck .
According to the regulatory filing , payments to Marriott that Courtyard by Marriott II expects to halt include a part of the base management fee and all incentive and ground rent fees -- its core fees to Marriott .
''From the very beginning , we saw the Web as a tool and wanted to let users get the information they wanted in the quickest , most straightforward way , '' said Henry Sohn , a longtime Yahoo producer who is now a vice president in charge of much of the site 's design .
Rebecca Weill , a spokeswoman for the Gap division in San Francisco , said that television commercials scheduled to begin in mid-March would now start running in May .
But Wal-Mart 's size , profitability and capacity to force other retailers to react to its practices make subsidizing its growth especially questionable , Mr. Mattera said .
For months , Microsoft has replied that despite the fact that more than 90 percent of new personal computers sold use its Windows operating system , the company is not a monopoly because technology is changing rapidly , posing an ever-present threat to its dominance .
It is , in part , the result of recommendations from a group called the Care Council , 700 Wal-Mart workers who advise executives on ways to improve working conditions .
Concern that News Corporation will not pay a premium for Hughes pushed down the Class H shares of General Motors $ 2.96 , or 13.6 percent , to $ 24.75 , little more than half its 52-week high of $ 47 on March 23 .
Wal-Mart , with a different demographic audience and lacking the large database of previous customer ratings to mine , says that ''Daredevil '' is doing about seven times as well as ''Talk to Her '' in its online rental program .
Excluding those adjustments and some expenses related to stock-based compensation , Yahoo 's fourth-quarter income in 2006 was $ 296.5 million , up 15 percent from the prior year .
Since 1990 , the population in this metropolitan area , which extends from Rogers south to Fayetteville , has mushroomed from about 211,000 people to more than 330,000 , much of it fueled by Wal-Mart 's eagerness to have its suppliers close at hand .
Since both Microsoft and its high-technology foes have plenty of money , this could descend into a replay of Glass-Steagall .
The studio would have to pay to fly a Microsoft representative to watch all cuts of the movie , and the studio would forgo merchandising rights .
Though it offers telephone service to 90 million customers in the United States and is one of the world 's consummate corporate marketers , AT & T has been surprised and staggered by the demand for its Internet-access service .
Bell , vice chairman , as Mr. Dooner 's successor ; and fire James R. Heekin III , chairman and chief executive of the largest Interpublic unit , the McCann-Erickson World Group .
It also fined Microsoft 497 million euros ( $ 665.5 million ) .
Javier Benito , chief marketing officer for Coca-Cola North America , said the sign would ''celebrate the globalness of our brand , '' pointing to the estimated 30 million out-of-town tourists who swarm Manhattan 's town square every year .
Last week , British Airways , which bought its first Airbus planes last year , said it had placed an additional order for the 100-seat A318 to replace its fleet of 44 Boeing 757 's .
The investment may also serve as a steppingstone for Citigroup to buy a larger stake .
One trend that analysts are reporting is sellers leaving eBay and setting up their own Web-based stores , using keywords they buy from Google to drive traffic to their sites .
We have a wonderful opportunity to create a company that combines distribution and content in a way that is far stronger and more valuable than either Disney or Comcast can be standing alone .
McDonald 's is identified as a supporter of ''Sesame Street '' in credits that end with the company logo and its global ad theme , ''I 'm lovin ' it . ''
The artists were also asked to draw using only three colors to help the ads stand out : red and white , for the Target logo , and black .
Intel Corp will begin shipping second-generation Itanium microprocessor it jointly developed with Hewlett-Packard ; 20 major computer system makers , including Hewlett-Packard and IBM , plan to use new chip in big data-serving computers and some work stations ; several leading corporate software makers plan to tailor programs to run on chip ; Intel move into market for more expensive server computers threatens Sun Microsystems ( M )
Over all , Mr. Rashtchy said , Yahoo 's profit met Wall Street 's expectations because lower-than-expected costs compensated for lower-than-expected revenue .
Officials of Citibank and its parent company , Citigroup Inc. , said they had not realized that anything might be amiss with the Caymans bank , which was tied to a financial group in Argentina led by the former treasury secretary there .
The decision came after a review , said Chris Wyse , a spokesman for Whirlpool in Benton Harbor , Mich. , between Campbell-Ewald , a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , and Publicis , which handles the brand across Europe and the Asian-Pacific region .
In an announcement planned for today , Intel said it was already working to deploy WiMax systems with a number of telecommunications carriers , including AT & T , British Telecom and Brasil Telecom .
The self-improvement that Wal-Mart is evangelizing can be traced back to its broad environmental sustainability initiative .
With no compromise offer from Disney , Time Warner executives felt there was no turning back .
Acrimony and distrust have destroyed nearly century-old partnership between Bridgestone/Firestone and Ford Motor Co ; two companies have been playing elaborate games , instead of standing together as they face hundreds of lawsuits , further Congressional hearings and public criticism ; photo ( M )
But I.B.M. , WonderNet and the Communication Intelligence Corporation ( the company behind Jot handwriting software for digital assistants ) all say the pads can also be used to provide signature verification .
By trying to straddle too much of the market with a single plane , Boeing said Airbus would wind up with a plane that is less economical for the airlines .
Officials and executives involved with the talks said that Microsoft had suggested a general willingness to modify or abandon several of its marketing and presentation arrangements that prosecutors find objectionable .
Aetna and Dr. Rowe come together in a climate of some hostility between hospitals and insurers .
Having made more than $ 20 billion worth of acquisitions over the last four years , Philip M. Condit , Boeing 's chairman and chief executive , has done more than any of his predecessors to diversify the company .
The company is expected to try to have a court bar Boston Scientific from selling its next-generation product -- the Taxus stent combined with an improved catheter delivery system called Liberté -- on the ground that it violates a Johnson & Johnson patent that runs through 2016 .
In fact , Compaq 's chief executive , Eckhard Pfeiffer , has made no secret of his desire to compete at all levels with I.B.M .
Xerox has for some time been grappling with mounting losses , a liquidity squeeze and competitive inroads in all its markets .
That business was deemed less essential to Citigroup despite a return on invested capital in 2004 of 21 percent , a figure that outpaced the asset management unit 's return of 13 percent in the first quarter of 2005 .
In his opening argument , Geoffrey Vos , a lawyer representing Apple Corps , dismissed the conduit argument , contending that the lack of ''interoperability '' with other companies ' music stores undermined Apple Computer 's stance .
How Mr. Lessig will apply his theories on the powerful nature of code to the Microsoft case , if at all , is unclear .
Alaska Airlines has grown over its 68-year history from a single three-passenger plane chugging across the tundra to the nation 's 10th-biggest carrier , as ranked by Aviation Daily , which closely monitors the industry .
The announcement leaves only the 717 , a 100-seat , twin-engine jet formerly called the MD-95 , as the remaining Douglas model in the Boeing stable .
No wonder Boston Scientific prepared for the meeting in the demeanor of public penitence .
Ellie , 14 , at once voted for the jump to CBS , pointing out that mealtime was certainly no problem because , thanks to her mother 's unusual schedule , they had been eating ''early-bird dinners '' for their entire lives , while almost everyone else they knew did not sit down to eat until 7 or 7:30 .
Staff lawyers at the Department of Justice are recommending that the agency seek to block the Oracle Corporation 's $ 9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. on the grounds that the deal would be anticompetitive , PeopleSoft said late Tuesday .
Yet Mr. Farah believes in figuring out how to achieve growth within his one giant brand name : Ralph Lauren .
Microsoft said Wednesday that it would announce a new desktop search tool before the end of the year .
Merck had contested all previous reports that Vioxx was dangerous , contending they were based on faulty or inconclusive research .
's chief technology officer , it has chalked up some victories and gained market share at Intel 's expense .
The chairman of Time Warner , Richard D. Parsons , has said he wants to increase Time Warner 's holdings in cable .
Pfizer is already being conservative about raising its prices , they say , noting that it has increased its price for Lipitor only modestly since acquiring it in the 2000 acquisition of Warner-Lambert .
Wal-Mart Watch , meanwhile , set up an automated phone system that called 10,000 people in Arkansas in June seeking potential whistle-blowers willing to share secrets about the retailer .
The takeover battle is set to enter a new stage on Monday , the deadline for the Justice Department to request details from Oracle on how its acquisition of PeopleSoft would affect competition in the industry .
Justice Department lawyers are asking whether Microsoft 's market power is n't likely to make Windows the software equivalent of Qwerty .
Of course , there is a much larger base of potential online philanthropists at Amazon , which has about 32 million registered users , compared with about seven million at PayPal .
The missteps have been serious enough for Craig Barrett , Intel 's chief executive , to issue a memorandum to employees in July encouraging them to work harder to prevent future problems .
cares mostly about Microsoft and Oracle because this technology is becoming increasingly important strategically and to their corporate customers . ''
After the WPP Group acquires Young & Rubicam Inc. , Interpublic will be the world 's No .
Then Aetna plans to raise premiums rigorously and try to recruit the customers for Aetna U.S. Healthcare .
The prospect of litigation with regulators came as Morgan Stanley , which acquired Dean Witter in 1997 , was battling the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission over sexual discrimination complaints and trying to recover from a public battle with a former employee who said he had been fired because he was black and perceived to be gay .
But the remainder of the compensation , based on the historical disparities in pay between black employees and their white counterparts at Coke , may take months to quantify .
's woes should not affect most other technology companies , as the slowdown is related to the sort of very large computers for which I.B.M .
Xerox Corp , world 's biggest seller of new copiers , will enter $ 1 billion-plus market for used copiers ; Xerox hopes to build brand loyalty among small businesses , prime customers for used machines , so that they will turn to Xerox when they are ready to buy expensive new copier ( S )
Yet neither Xerox nor investors were acting as though the company was in serious trouble yesterday .
''Every major corporation needs its Vietnam , and this will be Microsoft 's , '' said Irving Wladaw- sky-Berger , a vice president of the International Business Machines Corporation .
executive who became chairman and chief executive of Symantec four and a half years ago , will run the combined company .
Conflicting accounts of discussions between the Norfolk Southern Corporation and CSX Corporation over the fate of Conrail yesterday sent the stock of the railroad prized by both companies into a steep dive before it pulled out later in the day .
Frequent Flier column on IBM Global Services crisis response manager Brent Woodworth ; focuses on security measures taken to guard Woodworth 's safety five years ago during visit to Armenia , Colombia , which was site of earthquake ; photo ( M )
Excluding that charge , analysts had expected Merck to make $ 2.49 a share .
Federal District Judge Charles Breyer rules that Agriculture Department violated law by failing to adequately assess possible environmental impacts before approving Monsanto 's genetically engineered alfalfa ; Joseph Mendelson , legal director of Center for Food Safety , advocacy group that organized lawsuit on behalf of seed companies and environmental and farm advocacy groups , says decision could block commercial sales of genetically engineered alfalfa seeds but that injunction will be sought ( M )
The bidding started in November when Royal Caribbean made a $ 2.9 billion offer to acquire P & O Princess , No .
Supported by figures like those , Elizabeth Grossman , who was the commission 's lead trial lawyer in the Morgan Stanley case , was comfortable predicting that more complaints of sexual and racial discrimination on Wall Street will surface now that Morgan Stanley has agreed to pay $ 54 million to settle the commission 's suit .
Boeing said it currently has 20 completed airplanes in storage waiting for final payment arrangements by Asian customers .
He said continuing the litigation ''is simply not in the best interests of Lockheed Martin 's customers , shareholders or employees . ''
Now that Pfizer has suspended its multimillion-dollar consumer advertising program for its COX-2 inhibitor painkiller , Celebrex , and Merck has taken its similar -- and similarly advertised -- drug , Vioxx , off the market , the prescription drug ad market is not looking nearly as healthy as it seemed earlier this year .
Amazon 's gross profit margins have decreased steadily in recent years , to about 24 percent , as the company has cut shipping costs and dropped prices .
Pixel Co is set to offer computer software innovation that could loosen Microsoft Corp 's grip on computer desktop , which Microsoft controls through its dominant Windows operating system ; Pixel program adds control bar at unused bottom edge of computer screen that can link user to World Wide Web site , control hardware like CD player or start software programs ; Packard Bell NEC plans to begin installing software in its computers for home market ; on-line information and commerce sites have signed accords with Pixel to place their icons on control bar ( M )
The store will be open 24 hours a day , seven days a week -- a first for Apple and an acknowledgment of New York 's status as a round-the-clock city .
These are used not just by Microsoft but by other software makers as well .
Asked about the devices that treat the exhaust once it has left the engine , Christina M. Vujovich , Cummins 's vice president for marketing and environmental policy , said : ''We did n't want to take on after-treatment just because it was sexy to do .
With a decreased need for semiconductors worldwide , sales at Applied Materials were cut in half over the last 12 months .
Verizon Wireless , a venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone of Britain , will try to sell its service mainly to business customers , people close to the company said .
UAL 's United Airlines all but eliminates expiration for its frequent-flier miles , one week after AMR 's American Airlines did same ; United will also reinstate expired miles from 1998 for members who register and who by end of year take either two paid domestic round trips or one paid international round trip ; IBM and International Air Transport Association are scheduled to announce that they plan to develop service linking electronic ticketing systems of their 266 member airlines and other interested carriers ; most airlines have extended until Aug 13 their sale fares valid for travel this fall and winter ; some discounts noted ( Business Travel column ) ( M )
Oracle 's offer of $ 19.50 for PeopleSoft 's shares expires on July 7 .
Nevertheless , Mr. Reback took no part in negotiations with Microsoft .
In Intel Inquiry , U.S. Regulators Send a Message
The settlement came after a weekend of negotiating that involved Morgan Stanley 's chairman and chief executive , Philip J. Purcell , and the chairwoman of the commission , Cari M. Dominguez .
Kenneth L. Sperling , a health care analyst at Hewitt Associates , said Aetna was seeking the change so it could reduce premiums for employers with relatively healthy groups who might otherwise switch to another insurer .
Microsoft to Join Research on the Next Internet
WebSphere , I.B.M .
The DuPont Company in Wilmington , Del. , has expanded relationships with two roster agencies .
For all the risks associated with Merck 's arthritis and pain drug Vioxx , the company has always pointed to one virtue : Vioxx was less likely to cause ulcers or stomach bleeding than cheaper over-the-counter medications like Advil or Aleve .
Corporate travel departments are doing what Xerox , South Trust and others are doing -- turning more to Web-based programs , where they can negotiate discounts with airlines , hotels and rental car companies in return for guaranteeing a certain number of bookings over a specified period .
Onetime department store building on south side of Union Square in Manhattan that has been vacant for three years is to come back to life in next year with retailers Whole Foods Market , clothing stores Forever 21 and Filene 's Basement , and shoe store DSW ; building 's owner Vornado Realty Trust will spend $ 46 million on renovations ; photo ( M )
Revealing the intensity of the cola wars , the Pepsi-Cola Company filed a lawsuit last week in New Delhi , accusing the Coca-Cola Company of ''a widespread pattern of disruptive activity '' in India .
He said he would not decide what to do next until he had finished up at Morgan Stanley .
Coca-Cola Co receives passing grades for its treatment of women and minority employees of women and minority employees from independent diversity task force headed by Alexis M Herman , secretary of labor in Clinton administration ; task force says company has made 'real progress ' toward achieving goals that were set forth in settlement agreement of 1999 racial bias lawsuit against Coke ; adds significant changes remain ( M )
Yahoo Inc signs three-year deal to display search listings provided by Overture Services , company formerly known as Goto.com that auctions right to be displayed on Yahoo and other search services ( S )
''A lot of people have their reputations and careers on the line , '' Mr. Kaplan said of CBS .
Verizon and its labor unions met yesterday with a top federal mediator in an effort to avoid a strike this weekend that could affect local and long-distance telephone service in 13 New England and Middle Atlantic States and the District of Columbia .
Philip N. Duff , the banker who preceded Mr. Scott as the firm 's chief financial officer , left Morgan Stanley in the last week to become chief financial officer for Julian Robertson at the Tiger Fund , one of the biggest hedge funds in the world .
He said the company was concerned that Disney 's properties , like the ESPN cable sports networks , might be at a disadvantage in offering interactive services to AOL Time Warner 's brands , like the CNNSI network .
Over all , the communications workers ' union and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , which together represented more than 86,000 employees in the walkout , secured a wide range of concessions from Verizon , including wage and benefit increases , stock options , greater job security and more flexibility to organize in the company 's fast-growing wireless division .
The problem with the strategy is that so far Intel is trailing A.M.D. , I.B.M .
Anne M. Mulcahy , Xerox 's president , said that if losses from this business and the cost of getting out were factored out , Xerox would show a profit for the year .
Warden questioned Mr. Barksdale on some of the more contentious issues in the current phase of the case , which will determine the penalties Microsoft will face in light of an appeals court decision that found the company had illegally maintained its monopoly on the Windows operating system .
The Ford Motor Company reported third-quarter earnings on Tuesday that surpassed Wall Street 's expectations , but it lost money in its core business , making cars and trucks , for the second consecutive quarter .
Today , Microsoft has overhauled its Internet strategy to focus mainly on building popular special-interest Web sites in fields like travel , personal finance , automobile retailing and news .
Installing Windows 98 with Microsoft 's Office 97 will consume more than 300 megabytes of space , more than the capacity of many older computers .
In yet another sign of the continuing effort by William Clay Ford Jr. to reshape his distressed automaker , the Ford Motor Company said Monday that two high-ranking executives were stepping aside .
Analysts said yesterday that the appointment appeared to place Mr. Willumstad , 56 , as the leading candidate to succeed Mr. Weill , 68 , and reinforces the importance of the consumer operation , which accounts for half of Citigroup 's profits .
Under its new structure , the former I.B.M .
In the opening minutes of the deposition excerpt , Stephen D. Houck , an assistant attorney general from New York , began asking about a Microsoft office ''memorandum , '' but quickly realized how antique he sounded to such a man as Bill Gates .
Micron reportedly wants managerial control over Hynix , more than $ 8 billion in debt , but may settle for certain Hynix facilities , notably its semiconductor plant in Eugene , Ore. , if Hynix balks at selling more than a minority stake .
''It 's a bad thing because high-tech companies like I.B.M. , Microsoft , Oracle and Sun , are making the decision to create jobs overseas strictly based on labor costs and cutting positions , '' said Marcus Courtney , president of the group , an affiliate of the Communications Workers of America .
''You depend on Oracle , Microsoft , I.B.M .
Wal-Mart said it would make a new health care plan , with premiums as low as $ 11 a month for an individual , available to half of its employees by next year .
He will be the first Asian executive to head the company 's sprawling operations in the region , which include 35,000 employees in 19 countries , and the highest-ranking Japanese executive ever at I.B.M .
Verizon 's largest union announced a tentative agreement yesterday with Verizon Wireless for a bargaining unit representing 51 workers .
He said contributions from other companies outweighed those from Microsoft by about 10 to 1 , so there was little for a candidate to fear from supporting Judge Jackson 's findings .
With deep pockets and a wealth of legal expertise , I.B.M .
Robert E. Allen , the chairman of AT & T , noted sardonically at a recent industry conference that AT & T has grabbed barely 2 percent of the Rochester market .
Boston Scientific provides new evidence in its quarterly earnings report that it leads market of drug-coated stents ; company 's sales of stents , led by Taxus stent , reached $ 686 million , more than five times its stent sales for quarter year ago ; Taxus stent controls 70 percent of market ; growing evidence shows that while Taxus is easier to insert , Johnson & Johnson 's Cypher , only other drug-coated-stent approved for sale in US , may produce better results for most patients ; Boston Scientific reports quarterly net income doubled to $ 258 million from year ago , and revenues climbed 69 percent , to $ 1.48 billion ; photos ( M )
He cites Microsoft 's advocacy years ago for plug-and-play capability , which allows any computer to recognize the properties of any monitor and automatically send it the right video signal .
Interpublic 's executives will certify the company 's quarterly earnings report , the company said yesterday .
And Boeing experts said that wiring insulation for the 747 was chosen not just to insulate , but also to minimize weight and volume , since the plane carries about 150 miles of wire .
Patients took the drugs for an average of 17 months , and 10,000 patients took them for two years or more , Merck said .
Heart doctors at the Cleveland Clinic , one of the nation 's largest centers for cardiac care , have voted unanimously to severely curtail or even ban the clinic 's use of the Johnson & Johnson drug Natrecor .
''Every single thing that Microsoft says and does is designed to protect their monopoly , '' he said .
Confirming the bad news it had warned Wall Street about last month , the Coca-Cola Company reported its fourth-quarter earnings yesterday , which showed that the global soft-drink giant suffered significant declines in volume and revenue in many parts of the world .
The board of the Ford Motor Company is meeting this week to consider the latest plan from top executives to turn the struggling automaker around .
Steven A. Ballmer , chief executive of the Microsoft Corporation , has long been known for his abundant energy , but a video that began making the rounds of the Internet last week , provides fodder for those who say his ardor can , in fact , be a little startling .
Verizon is offering several kinds of personalized home listings for next year 's phone books , as touted in a one-page advertisement in the current white pages .
In 2001 , when Microsoft introduced the first Xbox , it focused heavily on hard-core gamers , typically males age 17 to 24 , who wanted a high-end machine with vivid graphics and complex game functions .
Analysts say News Corp 's decision to write down $ 909 million in sports television programming for its Fox network may halt recent inflation in cost of broadcast network sports contracts ; write-down , which caused company to post $ 606 million second-quarter loss , was divided among company 's contracts with National Football League , Nascar and Major League Baseball ; photo ( M )
In collaboration with Hewlett-Packard , Intel developed Itanium , which represents a new and complex approach to 64-bit computing .
With a large stake in AT & T Comcast , Microsoft will also gain a preferred place -- but not an exclusive one -- for its online service , MSN , which trails well behind America Online , the leader .
Pam Edstrom , a spokeswoman for Microsoft , declined to address the question of the Java fund directly , saying that ''Microsoft believes the Internet will spawn a whole host of venture funds and companies . ''
The final lobbying push by Microsoft and its allies is infuriating some of the broadcasters .
A day after AT & T announced its ambitious new strategy to offer millions of consumers low-cost access to the Internet , its archrivals , the local Bell telephone companies , were crying foul .
In New York , executives the News Corporation said that the newsrooms of WWOR and WNYW were not likely to be affected beyond the possible sharing of talent .
JOSEPH VOLPE , the Met 's general manager , said through a spokesman , ''We hope that Chevron Texaco will continue to make opera available '' through the Saturday broadcasts .
Brazil 's Pres Fernando Henrique Cardoso releases decree providing Ford Motor Co with tax breaks and Government financing for its plan to build $ 1.3 billion factory in Brazil 's underdeveloped northeast ; Cardoso , in effort to appease industrial groups in country 's south , removes some of decree 's original terms that would have given Ford more generous incentives ( S )
Yahoo says profit doubled in first quarter ; earned $ 205 million , up from $ 101 million year earlier ; total revenue was $ 1.17 billion , up 55 percent from year ago ; advertising revenue was $ 672 million , up 50 percent ( M )
The machine 's biggest hits have been the Halo games , published by Microsoft itself ; Halo 2 , released last fall , has sold 6.3 million copies .
In February , the company introduced its Amazon Prime shipping service , in which customers can pay $ 79 a year for two-day shipping on all purchases , and it continues to offer free shipping on orders over $ 25 .
The Microsoft announcement did not go beyond saying that it had ''licensed leading edge semiconductor processor technology from I.B.M .
''He 's first and foremost a salesman who knows his stuff and how to present it in an appealing way , '' said Mr. Armstrong , who was president of I.B.M .
Still , the offer comes at a time when Adobe , which is a dominant force in the publishing business and which is approximately twice Quark 's size , has been retrenching financially .
On the cost side , Mr. Levin told analysts on Wednesday that the company would look at cost-cutting at Time Warner as well as Turner Broadcasting , where it hopes to reduce costs by $ 300 million .
Group of technology companies , led by Cisco Systems Inc and Motorola Inc , says it will form alliance to create products that will allow consumers to get high-speed Internet access through wireless system within next year ; consortium is essentially backing alternative to delivering broadband Internet access through underground cables and wires ( M )
In a rare move , a trade group representing British pharmaceutical companies has publicly reprimanded Pfizer , saying it promoted several medicines for unapproved uses and marketed another drug before it received government approval .
Earlier this month , Merck asked that the case be dismissed , saying Ms. Rogers had lied and produced false evidence and could not prove that her husband , Howard , who died in 2001 , had ever taken Vioxx .
77,800 Managers At AT & T Getting Job Buyout Offers
When Disney rejected Comcast 's offer and no other company submitted a bid , Comcast chose not to sweeten its own .
Dr. Cawkwell said Pfizer wanted to give the results first to investigators in the trial , which it did a couple of months ago .
Correction : January 19 , 2002 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about sales practices at the Merck drug company referred imprecisely to the magazine Pharmaceutical Representative , whose editor said companies were scaling back their marketing .
The appointment of Mr. Nelson , as executive vice president and chief marketing officer at Interpublic , is indicative of the growing importance of nonadvertising holdings to the Madison Avenue giants .
With 3-D scanners and other hardware donated by I.B.M. , the country 's considerable museum collections were digitized and loaded onto www.eternalegypt.org .
Considering the outcry from computer-industry analysts , critics and customers over Apple 's need for a clear new direction for its system software , this was a colossal missed opportunity .
Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image By Supporting Public Broadcasting
E-Commerce Report on so-called click data -- information on who has clicked on advertising banner or some other particular link -- and its importance to Web site publishers , advertising agencies and companies that buy ads ; says that such information has been shared freely , but that may change now that IBM is testing new techniques of serving its ads to Internet users in way that prevents publishers from knowing who clicked on IBM ads displayed on their Web sites ; photo ( M )
Ivax executives had expected to gain approval from the Food and Drug Administration this summer to sell a generic version of Taxol , which is one of Bristol-Myers Squibb 's top-selling drugs .
Microsoft can afford to pay more cash .
In the meantime , Mr. Orr said , Joseph Studly , a former Interpublic controller who had been the chief financial officer at another division , Advanced Marketing Services , is serving as the controller at McCann .
The Princeton discovery is the second significant defect uncovered in the Microsoft software .
`` I suspect that AT & T expects more people to leave than need to , so then it can hire other people , '' Professor Capelli said .
The governor is eager not only to mollify the executives at Goldman Sachs but also to quiet a growing chorus of critics -- from Senator Charles E. Schumer to business leaders and real estate experts -- who have complained that the project seems derailed .
For months I was getting nowhere , even after taking my husband to a Best Buy to tempt him with an attractive , slim TV set , a little number known as the Philips 17PF8946 .
For now , the card networks ' bylaws prevent their members from issuing cards by rivals , including American Express and Discover Financial Services , a unit of Morgan Stanley .
The change cut Aon 's earnings for 2001 to $ 147 million from $ 203 million and increased first-quarter earnings to $ 160 million from $ 104 million .
That future arrives today , as Norfolk Southern and CSX , which already dominate commercial rail traffic in much of the East , take over chunks of Conrail .
Tivoli Continuous Data Protection for Files , will be available for download at ibm.com on Sept. 16 .
But Nike extracted a high price for the right to buy its shoes : Warrants to acquire 12 percent of Fogdog 's shares .
But the union indicated that its most serious issues were with Ford Motor and DaimlerChrysler , not G.M .
In a filing with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , the utility , Southern California Edison , said that market manipulation by El Paso had cost Edison alone at least an extra $ 1 billion for electricity generated by gas-fueled power plants over the 13 months ended March 31 .
Some drug industry analysts say , however , that even by limiting the program to the cheapest generics , Wal-Mart might be able to declare the overall program profitable only by spreading the costs well beyond its pharmacy ledger .
At the stations , customers can tap or wave their Citi credit cards , MasterCard debit cards or bank-issued payment tags to gain entry through specially equipped turnstiles .
In its second-quarter earnings , released March 23 , Micron reported the PC business as a discontinued operation , accounting for an estimated loss of $ 147 million .
Emboldened by the unanimous support of national regulators from the 15 member nations of the European Union , Mr. Monti wanted Microsoft to sign a pledge not to bundle other software programs into Windows to the detriment of competitors , one person involved in the talks said .
AT & T previously owned 60 percent of Cingular and BellSouth owned 40 percent .
Comcast was one of several companies that approached AT & T last fall after the company announced its plan to split into four businesses , Mr. Armstrong said .
''What is uncommon in the Comcast bid is that the 9 percent premium offered was so low and was wiped out so quickly , '' Mr. Schoenfeld said .
Already jittery about the state of the regional Bell companies , investors were loath for Verizon to make that move .
But , in some cases , like that of Stanley Works , other shareholders may not fare nearly so well , because many would owe taxes that the chief executive does not .
Such is the money machine of Microsoft , whose rivals have long complained that its control of the Windows operating system software -- which is used by roughly 90 percent of the world 's PC 's -- lets the company engulf many competing products by adding copies of those products as features of Windows .
''Some well-meaning critics contend that Wal-Mart should be setting the pace for wages and benefits for the entire economy , just as a unionized General Motors was said to have done in the postwar period , helping usher in the great American middle class that this country is so proud of and rightfully so , '' he said .
For those considered possible acquirers -- including Citigroup , Wachovia and Wells Fargo -- stocks fell as investors apparently fretted that those institutions might be tempted to spend too much to compete with the new Bank of America .
''If we do n't win , this is the framework that will govern our operations worldwide , '' the person close to Microsoft said .
Mr. Steinberg said Intel helped ''incubate '' the company , which has about 30 employees , with the help of the University of California at Berkeley and Harvard University .
C. William Jones , the president and executive director of BellTel Retirees , a group of 111,500 people , has had many meetings with Verizon executives to discuss pay .
The Federal Aviation Administration has said it is increasing scrutiny of Boeing 's factories because it is concerned that the rapid production escalation might lead to more errors .
Corporate America , once considered anathema to all things entrepreneurial , is becoming a birthing ground for start-up businesses ; often , big companies let fledgling firms buy into their benefits programs , use their lawyers and other support staff and drop their name with customers ; but the small companies manage their own budgets , design their own compensation plans and live or die by their own decisions ; example cited of giant Xerox Corp , which two years ago started a New Enterprises division , whose sole purpose is to keep promising products from falling through corporate cracks ; group spun out Chrystal Software as a separate company , which Xerox expects to take public next year ; drawing ( Special section on entrepreneurship in America ) ( M )
Kmart Corp chief executive Charles C Conaway remains confident company 's turnaround plan is on track , despite decline in Halloween sales below year-earlier period , predictions that fourth-quarter will likely be flat at best and decision by Moody 's Investors Service to review credit rating for possible downgrade ; even though some problems seem beyond management 's control , such as stagnating economy and effects of September 11 terrorist attacks , analysts and manufacturers cite Kmart 's persistent lack of strong image that might draw consumers ; analysts note while other discount merchants have picked up newly frugal customers , Kmart has been largely left in cold ; say Conway , despite efforts over past 18 months as chief executive , has not found formula he needs to distinguish company from competitors ; company trails retail industry leaders by wide margin on several key measures of performance ; charts ; photos ; graphs ( M )
But they are notable because Mr. Redstone , who is 84 , has been a reluctant seller of shares and an ebullient champion of Viacom 's prospects .
Coca-Cola Co asks advertising agencies to present creative ideas for advertising its Sprite brand , which has been handled since 2001 by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide ; billings estiamted at $ 45 million ( S (
To make room for the newest chips , Intel cut prices across its entire line of Pentium 4 products as much as 54 percent , the latest assault in an escalating price war with its smaller rival , Advanced Micro Devices .
A.T. & T. said yesterday that it had consolidated the media-buying portions of all its accounts aimed at black consumers at the Uniworld Group Inc. in New York .
Coca-Cola , Kraft Foods and the Solae Company , a soy-foods concern owned by DuPont and Bunge Ltd. , have each expressed interest in flavor and taste technology .
Low-cost airlines could acquire abandoned slots at airports and add flights to poorly served routes as full-service airlines cut flights in coming months ; analysts say AirTran Airways , strong rival to US Airways and Delta Air Lines on East Coast , is poised for such a move ; AirTran plans to increase capacity by 20 percent from last year ; Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways , nation 's most profitable airlines , say planned cuts by full-service carriers will have no immediate effect on their operations ; graph ; photos ( M )
He would not say whether Liberty had any further proposals for Time Warner .
In addition , eBay wants to capitalize on Skype 's base of 136 million registered users .
The Symantec deal also raised concern among some investors that integration and other merger-related issues could cause a slowdown in Symantec 's annual growth rate .
She declined to discuss the size of Citigroup Venture Capital 's stake .
Then there 's the price , which is surprisingly low for an I.B.M .
Hewlett-Packard , I.B.M. , Sun Microsystems and others produce RISC-based Unix servers .
Kodak Chooses an Outsider To Speed Digital Transition
Mariann Caprino , a Pfizer spokeswoman , said the company could not comment further because the subpoena was still being reviewed .
Whirlpool Corp plans to buy rest of Virtomatic , Mexico 's second-largest appliance manufacturer ; Whirlpool owns 49 percent of company ( S )
He was president of McDonald 's Europe from 1997 to 2001 .
Arrayed against it are giants including Nokia , Motorola , Sony Ericsson and Microsoft , in addition to entrenched hand-held companies like Palm and Research in Motion .
''It 's safe to say that our partners treat customers as carefully as Amazon does , '' Ms. Smith said .
Meanwhile , Yahoo says it is now trying to emulate Google 's faster method of creating products .
Sometime next week , the jury will reach a verdict in the historic case of Pickett v. Tyson/IBP , marking a temporary end to eight years of legal wrangling between the plaintiffs -- some 30,000 cattle producers -- and the giant meatpacker IBP , which is now owned by Tyson Foods .
Their continued appeal is the reason behind the recent talks between Time Warner and other major media companies regarding potential investments in America Online .
Mr. Zafirovski , 50 , has won praise for overhauling Motorola 's cellular phone unit after being recruited from General Electric three years ago and for his recent work as Mr. Galvin 's second in command .
was considering suits against four partners at KPMG , Xerox 's former accounting firm , and five former Xerox executives , including Paul A. Allaire , the former chairman , and Barry D. Romeril , the former chief financial officer .
Some popular online services are using a new kind of software to divert sales commissions that would otherwise be paid to small online merchants by big sites like Amazon and eToys .
But Genuity said yesterday that it had no idea that Verizon was planning to drop its option when Genuity called on the banks Monday .
The Chevron Corporation said yesterday that its vice chairman , David J. O'Reilly , would become chairman and chief executive , succeeding Kenneth T. Derr , who will retire after leading the company through a tumultuous 10 years .
Berry Sales to U.S. Offer Security to Amazon Farmers
Eric Rabe , a Verizon spokesman , said the votes did not mean that a strike would take place .
''Bargaining is continuing here at General Motors , he said .
One person involved in the settlement who insisted on anonymity said that in addition to paying $ 15 million , Boeing agreed to change the way it selects managers , makes promotions and handles complaints of discrimination .
Government lawyers have not said whether the Justice Department would appeal if Oracle won , but most legal experts say the agency would have little incentive not to .
How can General Motors remake itself ?
Microsoft executives say they were finishing a reply to the Justice Department 's latest offer when the federal judge acting as mediator halted the talks on Saturday .
While the current crisis is not as serious as the one faced in 1982 by Johnson & Johnson when some packages of Tylenol had been tampered with or by Source Perrier S.A. over contamination of its bottled water in 1990 , how Coca-Cola handles this is critical to its reputation , the experts say .
The real Internet wars happen when Goliaths like Target , Kmart and Wal-Mart , or G.M. , Toyota and Ford , or Dell and Compaq fully absorb the Internet to speed up , lighten up and globalize every aspect of their businesses .
Yesterday , Moody 's said that R. J. Reynolds faced the same problems that prompted it to downgrade Altria .
Correction : April 30 , 2004 , Friday An article in Business Day yesterday about the Comcast Corporation 's withdrawal of its bid for Walt Disney misstated the surname of the special counsel to Institutional Shareholder Services , who has criticized Comcast 's corporate governance .
This approach to the technology supply market has been called ''I.B.M .
General Mills-Pillsbury Deal Includes Culture and History
Long the scrappy challenger , Airbus is now widely seen as more innovative and more adept at sales than the stodgy Boeing is .
Correction of picture caption in Business Day on Sept 1 , showing IBM 's Java marketing team ; employee noted
The company has claimed that its microprocessor has better power consumption attributes than Intel 's Pentium processors and it has been adopted by several Japanese computer makers , including Sony and Fujitsu .
Analysts said yesterday 's announcement showed that Procter & Gamble , which makes nearly 300 brands ranging from household products to snacks and beverages , had reclaimed its customer base and was showing sustained growth throughout its business .
They say she led Xerox into the market for low-end printers and copiers -- and led it right back out when it lost money .
But Allergan said it also saw a major growth opportunity in breast implants , which accounted for more than half of Inamed 's projected $ 440 million to $ 450 million in revenue this year .
In addition , Kodak said consumer film sales in the United States rose by 2 percent in the quarter .
But , as Pentagon budgets for military hardware are tightening and more money has been going toward computerized warfare systems , General Dynamics has followed .
After the speech , the Apple executives , like visitors to a foreign country , were given a guided tour of the Intel forum .
William C Ford Jr takes stage to run family-controlled Ford Motor Co 's annual meeting for first time ; company introduces chairman Ford to shareholders in Detroit , Mich , and even to viewers in Times Square , where first 30 minutes of meeting are broadcast live on giant TV screen ; Ford comments ; photo ( M )
He said the shift , in effect , completed an evolution begun a year and half ago when he named Mr. Ballmer president of Microsoft .
Mark Wolfe , a Johnson & Johnson spokesman , said yesterday that the company would not speculate on the outcome of the committee 's review .
Walt Disney Studios is on its third chairman in as many years , as competitors have muscled in on its turf with instant family classics like ''Harry Potter '' and ''The Lord of the Rings . ''
What makes his choice awkward is Mr. Friedman 's relationship with Mr. Rubin as co-chairman of Goldman Sachs for two years .
Actmedia coupon dispensers are already in about 11,000 grocery stores in the United States , compared with only about 3,000 News Corporation dispensers .
Other computer stores were giving Apple short shrift , Mr. Jobs thought , in part because they lacked skilled employees that could explain why Apple was different .
Earlier this year , Mr. Shatner renewed his contract to appear in Priceline.com radio and television advertisements .
He added that GE Capital and Boeing together were able to offer a more attractive financial package than Airbus and the International Lease Finance Corporation , which is based in Los Angeles and competes in the leasing business with GE Capital .
The companies said dates for the start of the Juno service would depend on Time Warner 's renegotiating its exclusive agreement with its Road Runner L.L.C. , the only service provider currently available to Time Warner subscribers .
A spokesman for Microsoft , Rick Miller , said , ''The claims are totally unfounded . ''
Microsoft described the aborted merger talks with SAP as having been ''preliminary '' and added that neither company intended to resume the negotiations .
A serious security flaw has been discovered in popular E-mail programs published by the Microsoft Corporation and the Netscape Communications Corporation that would permit a malicious person to send a message containing a virus that could crash a computer and destroy or even steal data .
Sun Microsystems plans to throw its weight behind the ''open source '' software movement on Wednesday as part of an industry effort to offer an alternative to Microsoft 's Windows and Office programs .
VS. MICROSOFT : THE GOVERNMENT
In a statement yesterday , Craig Barrett , president of Intel , noted pointedly , ''We are satisfied that the agreement gives us value for our intellectual property rights . ''
Demand Off , Boeing to Stop Making MD-11
Boutique investment banks run by men who achieved fame more than 20 years ago are latest trend on Wall Street ; Robert F Greenhill , 68 , is basking in glow of stock market success of his firm , Greenhill & Co , whose shares have doubled since its public offering last year ; Eric J Gleacher 's firm , Gleacher Partners , has also been on roll , advising series of deals involving sectors as diverse as military industry and talent agencies ; Joseph R Perella , mergers and acquisitions banker who was at center of some of largest deals of 1980 's , seems likely to join exclusive club after his resignation from Morgan Stanley ; chief executives and boards are placing new value on independent advice from boutique investment banks that are free from conflicts and competing pressures at time when larger investment banks have been ensnarled in corporate scandals ; chart ; photo ( M )
The idea for the consortium sprang from the conviction by executives at NBC and the News Corporation in particular that new avenues of revenue had to be opened up beyond the dominant sources that include network and cable television outlets and DVD sales .
US Treas Sec Henry M Paulson Jr suggests that Bush administration is considering more business-friendly approach to regulation of corporate executives and business groups , business conference , Georgetown University ; questions whether lawmakers and regulators struck right balance between investor protection and market competitiveness ; suggests that too many regulations have been adopted without adequate examination of their costs ; expresses alarm that there are only four major accounting firms , observation that others have made to justify proposed limits on their legal liability ; Berkshire Hathaway chairman Warren E Buffett says some changes have forced boards to spend more time on wasteful pursuits while other have helped make companies more transparent ; General Electric chief executive Jeffrey R Immelt says new rules eroded relationship between auditors and boards ; other attending conference include former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg ; photo ( M )
Cisco Systems will restructure its business as sharp decline in sales shows signs of easing ; expresses cautious hope that business is stabilizing ( M )
Records , all of them , '' said David A. Viniar , chief financial officer for Goldman Sachs .
Competition in the home video market is accelerating from rivals that include the giant discounters , most notably Wal-Mart , as well as Internet-based delivery companies like Netflix .
China 's 15-year effort to join the World Trade Organization has stalled because of a dispute between the United States and Europe over the treatment of the American International Group , a large insurance company , after the country joins the global trading system .
Earnings growth is slowing , however , from earlier this year , when Morgan Stanley soared past analysts ' estimates and reported quarterly earnings records .
It was Mr. Coughlin who worked hardest to keep the union project -- or at least the idea of it -- alive , according to corporate records from Wal-Mart .
For the moment , investors seem to think that Pfizer 's sales will rise as a result of the withdrawal of Vioxx .
The deal with the United States , Europeans say , favors the American International Group , whose operations in China are wholly owned by the company .
The antitrust review being conducted by the Justice Department is complex because Oracle and PeopleSoft overlap in some , but not all segments of the business software market , so the degree of competition varies among groups of products .
Microsoft , on the other hand , said in its filing today that the company ''respectfully disagrees with the court 's findings and believes they are unsupported by the record . ''
''That 's what Amazon has done , and to me it raises serious alarm bells . ''
Police seized documents and arrested five people on Wednesday in a raid of the Brazilian offices of Kroll , the risk consulting firm , and a local private equity fund named Opportunity , which serves as a fund manager for Citigroup here .
Kodak has contracted out much of its camera manufacturing , and it said in November that it was contracting out the manufacture of its lower-price films as well .
That quarterly difference , though , does not explain why Pfizer is cutting its profit target for the year or withdrawing its forecast for 2006 and 2007 .
Coca-Cola , which announced the resignation of its president on Sunday , slid $ 2.35 , to $ 50.20 .
In his ruling earlier this month , Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found that Microsoft was a predatory monopolist whose illegal conduct stifled competition .
Microsoft is trying to position itself as a leading software provider for interactive television .
European antitrust regulators meet in Brussels to decide whether concessions submitted by Time Warner and its proposed partners , America Online and the EMI Music Group , are sufficient to allay European concerns that planned deals will choke competition in Internet distribution of music ( S )
Judge Kollar-Kotelly will also hear arguments on a motion from Microsoft that she dismiss the case without even considering all of the evidence she heard the last two months because the states have no standing to ask for a remedy that would govern the company 's conduct for the entire nation .
Verizon Communications , the nation 's largest provider of local phone service , is expected to write down today a large part of a $ 1.7 billion investment it made in a company that builds fiber optic networks in metropolitan areas , people close to the companies said .
And Texas Instruments , which climbed 28 cents , to $ 17.22 , during regular trading , rose more than $ 1 after hours .
After the group , the International Labor Rights Fund , filed the class-action suit in Los Angeles on behalf of employees for Wal-Mart contractors in China , Bangladesh , Nicaragua , Swaziland and Indonesia , Wal-Mart said it needed to study the lawsuit before responding .
RadioShack has similar agreements with Verizon Communications , Sprint and Microsoft , while Best Buy stores already offer Microsoft 's MSN Internet service .
He said he would have probably taken Kinko 's public next year if FedEx had not offered to buy it .
Yet currency gains , from the weakness of the dollar , magnified I.B.M .
one of them , S. Parker Gilbert , a former chairman of Morgan Stanley , said in a criticism of Mr. Purcell 's promises , which were made at an investor conference on Tuesday , to better blend the firm 's businesses .
Before the punitive damages phase of the case began , Merck tried to prevent Mr. Lanier from taking part .
Shares of a securities firm such as Goldman Sachs , whose trading desks and financial tentacles stretch across the globe , would present a far more obvious conflict with the role of Treasury secretary .
''We need bold advertising , because you ca n't send a lot of salesmen to call on small businesses , '' said James A. Firestone , Xerox 's senior vice president for marketing .
The RealNetworks settlement is the last notable private suit that followed on the coattails of the long-running federal antitrust suit against Microsoft , which the Bush administration settled in 2001 .
Ultimately , Verizon hopes to sell phone , Internet and video service over its fiber-optic network , which it is now building in nine states .
For Yahoo , which has reported advertising sales last quarter of $ 438 million , more than triple the amount from the same period last year , the Consumer Direct program has helped the company get the ear -- if not the wallet -- of more consumer goods companies , Mr. Chandlee said .
The I.B.M .
Under the agreement , Korea Telecom Freetel will venture into the Internet business with Microsoft and jointly develop a code division multiple access system and high-speed wireless data communications technology with Qualcomm .
He added that he had started businesses around the world -- including the Fox Broadcasting network and Fox News Channel in the United States -- where people said the market was too crowded , and prided himself on expanding media choices .
The technical challenge of devising a way to use the overscan space fell to David Nason , Pixel 's vice president of research , a computer scientist who formerly worked for Microsoft .
Protesters took control of the Nike Web site yesterday and redirected visitors to a site urging organizations to gather at and disrupt a world economic summit meeting planned for later this year in Australia .
Edward G. Sagebiel , a spokesman for Eli Lilly & Company , said today that Pfizer 's plan ''appears to be a great program for patients . ''
Both Sony and Microsoft are hoping to introduce hand-held devices that they say will serve the same function as the various small devices that the computer industry is counting on to help revive its fortunes .
Shares of the Microsoft Corporation fell more than 5 percent in heavy trading yesterday after the company confirmed that it would delay shipments of Windows 98 , the new version of its dominant operating system software .
Barrage of lawsuits is filed against mutual funds , contending that they did not claim money due their investors from settlements of securities class-action lawsuits ; complaints name more than 40 fund managers , including Merrill Lynch , Vanguard , Wells Fargo , Janus and Dreyfus , accusing them of violating their fiduciary duty to investors by failing to file claims for money from settlements of shareholder lawsuits ( M )
Mr. Miller 's lawyers said Maryland law forbids secret telephone recordings , though Coca-Cola Enterprises said the calls took place across state lines .
Former Monsanto executives said that while they felt confident of the new food 's overall safety , they also recognized that bioengineering raised concerns about possible allergens , unknown toxins or environmental effects .
They have been trying to draft a deal that would restrict the News Corporation 's control over the news and editorial arms of The Journal and the newswires .
Earlier this year , Motorola set up a try-it store on North Michigan Avenue , along the Magnificent Mile in Chicago , to temporarily showcase its Moto Q , Motorazr and Motokrzr phones .
Since then , however , Cisco 's growth has outpaced 3Com 's .
Like some earlier Apple products , it relies heavily on what Mr. Schiller calls ''passive heat reduction . ''
Nevertheless , Mr. Greenberg took the opportunity in a conference call yesterday with analysts and investors to say that the insurance industry was joining forces with President Bush in his campaign against what Mr. Bush says is a plague of abusive liability lawsuits .
Oracle has talked to half a dozen companies recently about acquiring them , according to people familiar with those talks .
Companhia Cervejaria and Companhia Antarctica Paulista , two Brazilian breweries that agreed last July to form Latin America 's biggest beverage company , AmBev Companhia , accuse Coca-Cola Co of trying to derail their $ 3.9 billion deal in order to suppress competitive threat in one of Coke 's most important markets ; Coca-Cola denies charges ; Coke owns 30 percent stake in Companhia Cervejarias Kaiser , and together they have 30 percent of overall beverage market in Brazil ; AmbBev 's partners have been frustrated over their inability so far to gain regulatory approval of deal ; say efforts to limit them will hinder their plans to sell Guarana Antarctica , soft drink ; photo ( M )
Early reports traced the problem to failures at FirstEnergy transmission lines in Ohio .
Though some have called the General Mills corporate culture more ''button down '' and the Pillsbury culture more ''free-wheeling , '' executives at General Mills say Mr. Sanger , the chief executive , is aggressive , yet relaxed .
In a telephone interview today , Hector Ruiz , the president of Motorola 's semiconductor products group , said that his company and the International Business Machines Corporation would continue to build Power PC chips as long as Apple and the Macintosh clone makers continued to buy them .
Mr. Reid , an operations division manager for United Parcel Service Inc. in Salt Lake City , got to where he is by getting things done , and he has not always been sympathetic , he says , to requests from employees for time off to tend to family matters .
As for user acceptance , at the moment Microsoft 's player is neck and neck with Real Network 's Real One Player , with each having more than 300 million registered users .
Procter has no relationship with MindShare , and uses media agencies that are part of the Starcom MediaVest Group unit of Publicis or owned by the Aegis Group .
So Microsoft says it has invested $ 500 million to develop and market its latest software version , MSN 8.0 , with all sorts of features meant to match and better what have been AOL 's core strengths , like e-mail and controls to help parents keep their children from the nastier parts of the Web .
Amgen executives said the price of Aranesp would be comparable to that of Epogen and Procrit .
I.B.M .
Microsoft is appealing the fine .
Though online advertising has slowed , Yahoo Japan started charging for its market-leading auction site and provides high-speed Internet access .
Until yesterday Kodak had predicted earnings of $ 1.56 to $ 1.66 a share , while the analysts ' consensus was $ 1.60 a share .
Citigroup , on the other hand , has far fewer retail branches domestically but vast global investment banking operations , and it has its sights on building out its branch network abroad .
The deal proposed by Express Scripts would create by far the largest company in pharmacy benefits management -- the business of acting as a middleman between drug companies and health plans that offer drug benefits to workers , retirees and Medicare enrollees .
General Motors .
Instead , Mr. Iger said the deal largely came together in the last month in talks between Apple and executives from the network , led by Anne M. Sweeney , president of the Disney-ABC Television Group .
For one thing , two other companies , the Andrx Corporation and Genpharm , a unit of Merck of Germany , have 180-day exclusivity rights to market generic omeprazole , which they received from the Food and Drug Administration by being the first to file to make the drug .
PC makers who used to fear Intel 's retribution for using a competitor 's microprocessors are now more afraid of being left out of the fastest-growing portion of the market , the sub- $ 1,000 machines for which Intel 's chips are too costly .
Microsoft Corp shares fall on Goldman , Sachs Co analyst Richard Sherlund 's report trimming first-quarter estimates for software maker ; Sherlund revises his revenue estimates to $ 5.75 billion during first three months , down about 3 percent from his previous estimate of $ 5.95 billion ; shares close down $ 4.50 , to $ 79.375 ; shares are down 32 percent from recent high on Dec 30 ( M )
The next day Aetna hand-delivered a letter denying payment for the surgery because it was done outside the H.M.O .
Though Primestar planned to buy the venture , the News Corporation would have retained a 20 percent interest and supplied programming .
A new software licensing program from Microsoft that goes into effect this week has some corporate customers complaining that they will end paying more and buying upgrades they do not need .
American Express this year started charging its small merchants $ 10 for mailed invoices .
Albert Lin , an analyst with American Technology Research , said that he did not think Qwest could wrest MCI from Verizon short of making an all-cash bid in excess of $ 8 billion , and possibly as high as $ 9 billion .
Time Warner disclosed last week that it would add 10 people from the entertainment industry to the 9-member board as part of a plan to revive the cash-starved theater and help bring about the settlement of the lawsuit against the foundation , Mr. Rangel and five other Apollo directors .
Peregrine Systems said it was buying a competing line of service-desk software from Tivoli Systems , a division of I.B.M..
''I would say that Jobs and the Apple board threw Fred under the bus to keep it from hitting them , '' said Lynn E. Turner , a former chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission and a managing director at Glass , Lewis & Company , which advises institutional investors on corporate governance .
Citigroup 's businesses outside North America account for close to 30 percent of the bank 's earnings before special charges .
I.B.M .
Kmart spends about $ 200 million a year on advertising in major media , compared with about $ 580 million a year spent by Wal-Mart .
Ending a bitter three-year-old private lawsuit , Microsoft and Bristol Technology Inc. today agreed to a confidential settlement of a dispute over antitrust and unfair trade practices .
Shares of Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke 's largest bottler and the company whose structure most closely reflects that of Pepsi Bottling , fell $ 1.8125 , to $ 31.50 .
Mr. Belfiore acknowledged that his E-Home division had been talking to Microsoft 's Xbox executives about the idea of adding such features .
Profits were up sharply from the 2001 quarter , when Intel earned 7 cents a share , but much of the improvement was related to a change to comply with new accounting standards .
Intel shares are down 32 percent from their 52-week high of $ 102 reached in August .
Centocor stopped using the document in 2000 , he said , after reviewing all its marketing materials to make sure they complied with Johnson & Johnson 's policies .
Yahoo is the largest Web portal and has been the most successful major Internet company in rebuilding its advertising business after the dot-com collapse two years ago .
Companies like Toyota , Honda and Nissan have assembly plants in the United States , but none are represented by a union , except for joint ventures like a plant operated by Toyota and General Motors in California .
''There 's no question these sales are going to go right to our bottom line , because we 've never been able to get the procrastinators , '' said Shmuel Gniwisch , chief executive of the online jeweler Ice.com , which pushed its standard shipping cut-off date closer to Christmas by one day this year , offering free two-day FedEx shipping for orders placed by noon on Dec. 20 .
Turkish technicians had recommended the purchase of medium-range Boeing planes by the state-owned airline , but under normal circumstances it would have taken several months for the State Planning Office and the Cabinet to approve the choice .
Traffic from search engines is especially important to small sites that , unlike those of Amazon.com or Gap , do not have the brand recognition to attract shoppers on their own .
The company had said that it would ship its AppleTV video system in February , but it was not available until March 21 .
What diminished the value of Lin shares still further , Wasserstein argued , is that if AT & T were not a buyer , the pool of possible alternate buyers was narrowed because one obvious group of buyers , the regional Bell companies , could not offer common stock in a deal for Lin .
That deal is likely to put further pressure on Symantec and other companies selling security software .
Business is booming for Russian nuclear power company Atomstroyexport , which has been criticized for helping Iran build its nuclear program ; Atomstroyexport , former branch of Soviet atomic energy ministry , has been government 's main instrument to meet demand for nuclear power , now mainly from developing countries ; Atomstroyexport is building seven nuclear reactors -- in Iran , China , Bulgaria and India -- more reactors , it claims , than any competitor , particularly General Electric , Siemens of Germany or Areva of France ; world is poised for another boom in construction , reminiscent of 1960s and 1970s ; International Energy Agency says 26 power plants are under construction worldwide , in countries from Argentina to Romania ; some industry experts project that future demand will come from developed economies , including US ; Russians are in talks with Vietnam , Malaysia , Egypt , Namibia , Morocco , South Africa , Algeria , Brazil , Chile and Argentina ; map ; photos ( L )
Motorola , one of the biggest phone makers , has come up with a flip phone that opens like a book , with its hinge on the side .
The ThinkPad 's lighted keyboard , for instance , came about in 1998 after I.B.M .
It also represents a vote of confidence for Yahoo 's revamped search advertising technology , which the company unveiled earlier this year .
Using Amazon 's pro forma calculation , which excludes these adjustments and some other items , Amazon had a net income of $ 75 million in the fourth quarter , up from $ 35 million a year earlier .
As the deal to buy U.S. Trust from Charles Schwab nears completion early in July , Bank of America has a lot at stake in making it work .
Some Target stores had been fined or had licenses to sell tobacco temporarily suspended in Minnesota towns with tobacco control ordinances .
Intel president Paul S Otellini warns President 's Advisory Panel on Federal Tax Reform that because of high tax rates in US , his company may build its next $ 3 billion semiconductor factory overseas ; Otellini , who will become Intel 's chief executive in May , testifies before panel that over 10-year life of modern chip factory , company would save $ 1 billion by placing factory in Asia or Europe rather than in US ; says Intel will make its decision this year ; photo ( M )
The General Motors Corporation , the world 's largest company , now sells more graphic sex films every year than does Larry Flynt , owner of the Hustler empire .
When Home Depot decided that it wanted to open a store in Manhattan and was considering leasing a space on 23rd Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues , one crucial question was whether it would be allowed to have a loading dock in a building that is part of an historic district ?
And that poses a serious threat to Microsoft , whose market dominance is based on the fact that its Windows operating system is the industry standard -- controlling the basic operations of some 90 percent of PC 's sold .
NEW hand-held computers based on an operating system called Microsoft Windows C. E. are small enough to stuff in a Christmas stocking .
What to do about Microsoft Corp 's monopolistic actions is proving to be daunting taks for Europe ; risk to Microsoft may not be that it will be forced to pay fines as large as $ 613 million , being sought by European Commission , or even to distribute competitor 's progam , as it was reported to have agreed to in ultimately unsuccessful settlement talks with commission ; risk is that Microsoft is becoming functional equivalent of old-style utility , with extensive government regulation that could even extend into determining what products it sells and at what prices ; graph ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Both agencies have contacted Dow Jones and the News Corporation requesting more information .
John Middlebrook , North American vice president for marketing and advertising at General Motors , Detroit , was promoted to vice president for global sales , service and marketing , a new post , overseeing all of G.M .
''The government was absolutely right to prosecute Microsoft .
Now Microsoft is developing a new system called Hailstorm that will link a wide range of services , from financial to entertainment , in a way that critics assert will leave no room for competitors such as AOL .
Level 3 Communications says its loss in second quarter widened to $ 731 million from $ 281 million year earlier ; graph ( S )
Although billings were not disclosed , Marriott spent $ 96.8 million to advertise in major media last year , according to TNS Media Intelligence/CMR .
Moreover , Kinetix 's expertise is in so-called small-molecule drugs , which usually can be taken as pills , whereas Amgen up to now has specialized in protein pharmaceuticals that must be injected .
''It 's a tough business for older products , '' said R. Gordon Douglas , an industry consultant who ran the vaccine business for 10 years at Merck & Company .
Yahoo would not make Mr. Nazem or any other executive available to discuss his departure .
The commission , Novell , the Computer and Communications Industry Association , RealNetworks and others argued at a court hearing last month that suspending the orders would allow Microsoft to continue strengthening its dominant position in software , to the detriment of competitors and ultimately , the consumer .
Microsoft , however , says that Bristol 's private antitrust suit , like the Government 's case , is groundless .
and Intel .
Wal-Mart executives have strongly suggested that they might build the center elsewhere if lawmakers passed the health care bill .
And so that Monday I slipped the book into an 85-cent padded envelope and took it to the post office , where I mailed it for $ 2.03 -- less than Amazon had predicted .
Not only will people be unable to find the number of anyone using Verizon Wireless as a carrier , but they will be charged a fee by the directory service for their fruitless request .
Also , in looking at Merrill 's results , analysts pointed to the firm 's relative weakness in commodities trading , a rich area of profits for firms like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley .
The North American unit of BAE Systems , the British military contractor , is considering a bid for TRW , the satellite and missile contractor that is fighting a takeover bid by the Northrop Grumman Corporation , people close to the negotiations said today .
Several hundred more investment bankers and traders are likely to lose their jobs before the end of the year as firms , including the Goldman Sachs Group , try to reduce costs as the market slump drags on .
Starbucks plans to announce today that it will exclusively sell ''Bob Dylan : Live at the Gaslight 1962 , '' further encroaching on the turf of traditional music retailers by offering a recording that has been prized by fans as a bootleg for decades .
The vote came after a furious lobbying battle by Wal-Mart and by labor and liberal groups , and is likely to encourage lawmakers in dozens of other states who are considering similar legislation .
( One Interpublic competitor , Havas , reported a 7.8 percent decline in revenue growth from continuing operations in the second quarter , but another , the Publicis Groupe , reported a gain of 1.6 percent , while Omnicom reported a gain of 2.6 percent . )
And because it is the Justice Department , Washington 's other antitrust enforcement agency , that is suing the big software maker , Ms. Creighton will not be involved in the Microsoft case .
''I do n't think commercializing patents is an important part of their revenue story , but protecting their intellectual property will be a major part of their success in the digital photography market , '' said David R. Giroux , an investment analyst with T. Rowe Price , which owns Kodak stock .
The type of hedge used by Citigroup has become popular among financial institutions in the last decade to remove risk from their balance sheets .
Mr. Kusin will remain chief executive and will join FedEx 's strategic management committee .
Measured by the prices being paid `` per pop '' -- the price being offered for each person in the population area covered by a license -- the bidders in this auction are paying about $ 25 , while companies like AT & T paid about $ 15 in last year 's auction .
Kevin M. Murphy , an economist at the University of Chicago , said the court would be justified in imposing only a narrow set of restrictions on Microsoft , given the lack of evidence that the competitive landscape would look any different had the company not acted illegally to preserve its Windows monopoly .
The deal would edge Bank of America closer to Citigroup in size , with $ 933 billion in assets compared with $ 1.2 trillion for Citigroup .
Cisco nevertheless cited strength in markets like retail , education , banking and the federal government , but said that it had seen weakness in other sectors like investment banking , energy , high technology and service providers .
Analysts said yesterday that company executives were worried United Healthcare 's charge could be just the beginning of other financial troubles .
To Frank Newport , editor in chief of the Gallup poll , the growing pool of undecided respondents suggests an increasing public ambivalence about Microsoft .
Citing Revenue Decline , Moody 's Lowers Connecticut Bond Rating
Sales to telecommunication service providers rose more than 70 percent from a year ago , and now contribute about a third of Cisco 's revenue , Cisco executives told analysts on a conference call .
After the review of its options accounting practices , Apple said in October that while there had been 15 instances of backdating , the review had found no misconduct by any member of Apple 's current management team .
But a month later , according to PC company executives , it has become apparent that the company with the greatest flexibility is still Microsoft .
Mr. Wendt , 56 , viewed as the executive largely responsible for creating the powerhouse that fuels General Electric 's impressive earnings growth , was replaced by Dennis D. Dammerman , General Electric 's longtime chief financial officer .
Can Xerox , which has repeatedly disappointed investors and customers with promises to turn itself around , pick itself up ?
Fuel consumption was listed by drivers of both General Motors ' Hummer H2 and the fuel-efficient Toyota Prius hybrid as their top complaint -- though Hummer complaints dwarfed those for Prius .
Merck closed Monday at $ 35.41 , up 18 cents , or 0.5 percent .
The aim was to prevent Microsoft from having any unfair advantage over rival music and video players .
Boeing , the nation 's second-largest military contractor , has agreed to pay $ 615 million under a tentative deal with federal prosecutors that will allow the company to avoid criminal charges , Boeing and senior Justice Department officials said yesterday .
Last month , Advertising Age even suggested that Interpublic might prevail .
Frontier Agrees to Talks on Buyout Offer
The Associates Out in Front program , which Wal-Mart is introducing over the holiday season , was developed by company executives about seven months ago , Ms. Clark said .
Amazon ultimately ships them to customers when they are ordered online ( and charges the seller a variable fee based partly on the weight of the item and the shipping cost ) .
''We 'll try to provide incremental data to prove the claim , '' said Peter L. Wehrly , the senior vice president who oversees Medtronic 's spinal subsidiary .
Microsoft declined to comment on the Apollo Project , citing a policy of not discussing future products .
Intel is the first to make commercially available a mass-market product integrating several functions onto a single chip , Mr. Entner said .
A spokesman for the Public Service Commission said yesterday that interested parties could voice opinions on Verizon 's request at hearings later this year .
A deposition from Mr. Gates , the chairman and chief executive of Microsoft , had been scheduled to begin today , but it was postponed temporarily as the company 's lawyers decided whether to appeal the judge 's order .
As Microsoft has grown , it has come to be seen not merely as a competitor but as a force of nature that shapes the business environment , like a weather front .
Camera , senior vice president and general counsel at Interpublic , said the terms of the settlement precluded him from discussing the details but added , ''It was time for everybody to move on with their lives . ''
Mr. Boyd points out that eBay 's revenue continues to grow -- 40 percent last year , after a 51 percent increase the previous year -- its operating margin remains a healthy 36 percent and it still dominates the European e-commerce market .
One-third of the funding for the program , which enrolled 28,000 students this academic year , comes from the Goldman Sachs Foundation .
He said that Microsoft also hopes to work with similar services .
Interpublic executives shrugged off the report because , they said , it echoed the cautionary words already uttered by most analysts who follow Madison Avenue .
Microsoft , however , says that saying no would be the appropriate choice .
And Wal-Mart says marketing for Sam 's Club , which has traditionally focused on its low prices and the good works of its blue-smocked employees , will soon focus on its relationship with small businesses .
But while Mr. Baratz said yesterday that he could not say whether Microsoft would endorse the new coalition , Brad Silverberg , the senior vice president in charge of Internet software at Microsoft , said the company first heard of the alliance only a few days ago and had not been asked to join .
Profile of Home Depot 's co-founder Arthur M Blank ; says in the year since co-founder Bernard Marcus handed over chief executive 's reins and edged into background as chairman , Blank has quietly begun to make his mark ; Blank comments on his strategy to steer toward new markets and expansion by acquisition ; graph ; photos ( L )
Yesterday , Amazon 's shares closed at $ 11.64 .
An independent monitor approved by Microsoft who oversees the company 's compliance with the ruling found , however , that the documents provided by Microsoft last fall did not meet the commission 's requirements .
Cummins has tailored its designs and manufacturing processes to incorporate the E.P.A .
Because of declining orders for commercial aircraft , Boeing has been increasingly active in bidding for military contracts and is the Pentagon 's second-largest contractor , behind Lockheed Martin .
Small Company Builds on Edge Of Microsoft 's Real Estate
It was widely assumed that Microsoft was buying little more than patents to a promising technology .
Because there are actually only a few crucial programs used by most PC users -- like Microsoft Office -- the company 's applications business , he said , should be vulnerable to a program like StarOffice , which is being distributed free by Sun Microsystems .
Time Warner , by contrast , hoped that its rich and debonair suitor would provide more excitement and the fashionable trappings of success that would impress Wall Street .
To cite one example , Microsoft contends that its industry-standard Windows operating system and its Internet Explorer browser are a single integrated product .
A Swiss court has cleared the way for hearings in a $ 12 billion lawsuit against the computer giant I.B.M .
Time Warner Cable and its affiliated Internet service provider , Road Runner , offered their Houston area employees rewards for ordering and then cancelling high-speed Internet service from Southwestern Bell to locate areas competitor could and could not service ; abruptly dropped incentives after two employees turned fliers advertising them over to Southwestern Bell ; blames error of judgment by local managers , corrected when regional managers learned of effort ; Southwestern Bell plans complaints to Federal Communications Commission and Texas Public Utilities Commission ( M )
In addition to the antiques and Oriental rugs , Tyson Foods paid $ 464,132 for the personal use of company-owned homes in England and Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , by Mr. Tyson , his family and friends , the S.E.C .
Microsoft knows about the characteristics of many of its users because they divulged information when they registered for Microsoft services , like the Hotmail e-mail service and its Passport identity service .
EMI 's most recent negotiations with Time Warner cooled when Sony and Bertelsmann publicized their intention to combine their music groups .
The venture , which follows a similar effort by Yahoo in San Francisco , is part of a trend by many companies .
When a Paris court ordered Ralph Lauren to stop selling knockoffs of Yves Saint Laurent 's tuxedo dresses in 1994 , the message was clear : fashion , at least in France , can be subject to protection from the scheming scissors of competitors .
Citigroup spent $ 12.5 billion to buy the No.2 bank in Mexico , Banamex , in 2001 .
The two other finalists that agreed to come back are the Martin Agency in Richmond , Va. , another Interpublic agency , which creates campaigns for advertisers like Geico and the Newspaper Association of America , and Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in New York , part of the WPP Group , which creates ads for marketers like American Express and I.B.M .
Indeed , Mr. Miller 's tough talk could send workers on a charge themselves -- out to picket lines , crippling production not only at Delphi , the nation 's biggest auto parts company , but at General Motors , its biggest customer and the nation 's biggest auto company .
Google settles patent dispute with Yahoo , move that reduces some of uncertainty surrounding Google 's business as it prepares for initial public auction of its stock ; settlement resolves lawsuit filed in 2002 by Overture Services , company that pioneered sale of advertising linked to Web search results ; suit claimed that Google 's system for selling advertising displayed next to its Web searches violated patent granted in 2001 to Overture , which Yahoo acquired in 2003 ; Google agrees to give Yahoo to 2.7 million shares , worth $ 291 million to $ 365 million if shares sell within range of $ 108 to $ 135 that Google has estimated for its initial public offering price ; Yahoo will sell 1.1 million of those shares to public in Google 's auction ( M )
Even as Disney 's directors weigh Brian L. Roberts 's takeover offer , Comcast 's own shareholders so far do not seem to be buying it .
The other broadcast and cable news channels are still investigating their options , with some considering devising public-television style sponsorships in which companies could underwrite the coverage and perhaps produce public-service style spots .
Albert H. Segars , professor of technology management at the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina , notes that against the backdrop of political instability in so many oil-producing regions , DuPont 's biotechnology strategy seems almost safe .
Mr. May said Amazon 's classical music sales last year grew by more than 22 percent , making it one of the fastest-growing music genres on the site ( Amazon does not break out separate revenue figures ) .
Amgen will conduct and pay for all clinical development and manufacturing , and will market any resulting products worldwide .
The Omnicom Group in New York is making its first acquisition of an agency specializing in search engine marketing , in a deal that underscores the growing role being played by online advertising .
EPA develops prototype diesel engine that meets tough new emission standards to be phased in over next few years in US , and Ford Motor says technology is promising enough for it to enter agreement with agency to try to develop it for use in its cars and trucks ( M )
Microsoft Swats at Stealthy Web Bugs
''We 're trying to stop Wal-Mart 's expansion where they 're not wanted . ''
On his way to the meeting , Microsoft 's lead lawyer , Brad Smith , was asked by reporters how confident he was .
Alaska Airlines , based in Seattle , is the first airline to offer wireless check-in .
The only constant is the hunger of companies like Microsoft for a pipeline big enough to deliver huge amounts of information -- be it television pictures or computer code -- into the nation 's living rooms .
Microsoft vs. Netscape : The Border War Heats Up
By the afternoon Coca-Cola shares had leaped $ 4.1875 along with the rising market , closing at $ 57.75 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Amazon.com previews apparel and footwear departments on its Web site , displaying products from 400 manufacturers and retailers ; Forrester Research estimates that online apparel and footware sales will grow 21 percent in 2002 , to $ 5.2 billlion ( M )
To do that , Microsoft altered its contract with Gateway , easing the screen restrictions .
In the laptop world , I.B.M .
Nor would she discuss analysts ' speculation that Aon might submit a higher bid .
Apple Chief Urges Shift On Piracy
The receivership proceedings could affect talks with General Motors , but they may also help pave the way for the sale of Daewoo Motor .
In recent days , officials at the Boeing Company , the General Electric Company and the Intel Corporation have dismissed worries about the dollar .
In a statement , Merck said that the Lancet study was not comprehensive or new .
The suits , filed in Circuit Court in Cook County , Ill. , say that Interpublic did not properly disclose charges against earnings and had inadequate financial controls , leading to a $ 181.3 million restatement of earnings last month .
Gap unit of Gap Inc names Crispin Porter & Bogusky in Miami to help its internal team create campaigns promoting men 's apparel in United States ; duties had been handled by Laird & Partners in New York , which continues work for Gap brand in other areas ( S )
's digital media software and will be sold and supported by I.B.M .
Fake press releases arrive announcing : ''Microsoft tests nuclear device at secret Hanford facility .
IBM will acquire Ascential Software Corp for $ 1.1 billion in effort to broaden its offerings in market for corporate software ( M )
Mr. Brislin said Oracle might now try to negotiate an agreement with the Justice Department to move out of certain businesses to make a takeover more acceptable to regulators .
Early this month , Dow Jones dropped Kodak from the Dow Jones Industrials , pretty much branding it as a company whose glory days are gone .
The allegations of the Digital employees were echoed today by Lawrence Ellison , Oracle 's chairman and a longtime personal foe of Mr. Gates .
Intel to Miss China Deadline On Standard For Wireless
had no interest in raising trade tensions even if the commission blocked the Honeywell deal .
Computer software maker Oracle Corp reports sales for first quarter of $ 2.03 billion , down over 10 percent from year-earlier quarter and on low end of projections ; posts profits , excluding special charge , of $ 386 million ( M )
Yet last week on Overture , which provides search results for MSN , Yahoo and others , the second listing in the results for the Canon camcorder was for CameraTopia , which has been cited by customers as a seller of gray market goods .
According to Boeing , the C-17 provides work to about 30,000 people in 42 states , about 6,000 of them in a Boeing plant in Long Beach , Calif .
More information is available at www.motorola.com/accompli009 .
''Strategically , this move makes all the sense in the world for I.B.M. , '' said David Grossman , an analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners in San Francisco .
General Mills will let its two principal agencies , Campbell Mithun and Saatchi & Saatchi , determine the media in which ads run and which agencies will create them , in a bottom-up approach .
Federal Judge Federico A Moreno allows group of managed care companies that have been accused of fraud to ask appeals court for immediate ruling on whether they are open to racketeering claims , move that lawyers for sides say could speed final decision ; Moreno ruled last month that lawyers who represent health plan subscribers could proceed with claims of fraud under Racketeer Influenced and Corruption Organizations Act against Aetna , Cigna and United Healthcare ; Humana is also RICO defendant under earlier ruling ; plaintiffs contend health maintenance organizations violated racketeering law by conspiring to withhold medical care and by not telling HMO members that doctors were rewarded financially for doing so ( M )
Just how far I.B.M .
Kenneth F. Bernstein , Acadia 's chief executive , said the company would seek retailers that are not yet well established in the Bronx , like Target , Kohl 's , Office Max , Bed Bath & Beyond , Best Buy and Wal-Mart .
Apple Computer Inc , still trying to find comeback trail , will reach crucial milestone on May 13 , when company demonstrates early version of new operating system software on which Apple is staking its future ; demonstration will come at company 's Worldwide Development Conference ; Apple hopes new operating system , code-named Rhapsody , will restore company 's reputation for software that is as innovative as it is easy to use ( L )
University of Connecticut and General Electric form partnership that will allow engineering and business students and faculty members to work with GE executives to develop advanced computer and Internet-based products ( M )
Apple has received high marks for two of the first computer designs to emerge from the California computer maker 's studios since Mr. Ive took over leadership of the group last year .
But Oracle , based in Redwood City , Calif. , strongly refuted that claim on Wednesday , insisting that it is too early for the agency to have made a decision .
Medical Center and Health System , said that Aetna would cut 2 million of its 19 million customers over the coming year and raise premiums to improve profits .
Last year , Airbus scored a big victory against Boeing when it landed an order for 120 A319 's from easyJet , the profitable low-cost airline based near London .
''For people who do shop Target , '' like the many tourists who frequent Times Square , ''it 's reinforcement , '' Ms. Liebmann added .
''If you 're thinking what 's good for unionized workers , helping Verizon remain competitive has to remain high on the list . ''
The new categories are significant because for the first time , Wal-Mart thinks it finally understands not just how people shop at its stores , but why they shop the way they do .
For anyone who has ever missed a top-rated television program and wondered what all the fuss was about , Time Warner Cable may one day have an answer .
Northrop Grumman shares were trading for $ 91.50 when the company made its bid in May .
Some analysts also expressed dismay yesterday that much of the combined company 's projected growth had been expected to come from a change in accounting for GTE 's pension liabilities ; yesterday Verizon said it would not include the effect of the pension accounting in its future operational results .
Jerry Dow , managing director of worldwide marketing communications for United Airlines , said he used the Comcast system last month to introduce Ted , the new discount carrier , to the Chicago area with custom ad copy for each neighborhood .
British Airways , which is the biggest European carrier , is also buying long-haul Boeing 777 jets .
Wal-Mart , in response , vigorously defended its labor practices .
Moody 's Investors Service said it upgraded Mexico partly because of a sharp increase in exports that had enabled the Mexican economy to grow despite a lingering banking crisis .
But all mainframe-related hardware , software and services account for a quarter of its revenue and , more important , about half of I.B.M .
Three weeks before the scheduled hearing , Johnson & Johnson announced it would stop selling Propulsid in the United States .
Lawrence F. Probst , Electronic Arts ' chief executive , said that in addition to the transition to new consoles , a factor dampening demand for current software might be that the price of existing consoles remains relatively high .
Abbott Laboratories said yesterday that it planned to pay $ 622 million to settle an investigation into sales practices for liquids needed to feed the seriously ill .
Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit also underwrote securities for Enron and the various limited partnerships the company controlled .
As part of the deal , A.T. & T. will own 39 percent of a new long-distance telephone company that will link cities within Ukraine , as well as provide direct connections between Ukraine and outside countries .
''The court should end Microsoft 's disobedience and bring it in to compliance . ''
The Ford Motor Company 's victorious bid for Volvo A.B .
Thus , in a stinging admission of defeat , Wal-Mart pulled out of Germany and South Korea this year after failing to turn around poor sales .
Another scheduled demonstration involved the current version of the Home of the Future , an installation at Microsoft headquarters with prototypes of home-oriented technologies .
It has been difficult to offset those problems in the developed world , in part because Motorola has fumbled the move from analog to digital wireless phone technology and the once-rapid growth of its domestic paging business has slowed .
It was the first time since 1994 that Wal-Mart had failed to exceed expectations , and investors punished the stock , sending it down $ 2.44 , or more than 4 percent , to $ 55.52 a share .
The Johnson & Johnson drug , Eprex , is the market-leading version of a protein known generically as erythropoietin , or EPO , that is the best-selling genetically engineered drug ever , and one of the largest-selling drugs of any kind in the world .
Green Mount Athos olives , seasoned with rock samphire , herb harvested along shores of Crete , are available at Whole Foods markets ; photo ( S )
The Walt Disney Company said today that an increase in visitors to its United States theme parks and a strong television advertising market helped bolster results in its most recent quarter , though a write-down of aircraft-related leases dragged down net income .
Merck disputed the findings of the study , and the name of a company epidemiologist who had worked on it was removed from the report before it was published in a medical journal .
Ford Motor Co says it will reduce employment by a third , or 1,300 workers , at its Halewood assembly plant near Liverpool , which makes its European Escort models ; says it will produce fewer Escorts at plant through 1999 , then possibly begin building new multipurpose vehicle there in 2000 ; company 's move is meant to stem losses in European operations caused by excess production capacity and weak sales ; some of plant 's output , now 800 Escorts daily , will be shifted to factories in Germany and Spain ( M )
The ruling , handed down by United States Judge Harold H. Greene , means that AT & T will probably be able to complete the deal by the end of September and proceed with its effort to build a nationwide wireless communications network .
Indeed , the stock rose a bit on Oct. 20 , 1997 , when the department first said it thought Microsoft was acting illegally .
Microsoft has until Jan. 25 , 2006 , to respond to the fresh set of charges .
''Despite vociferous complaints from a parade of Microsoft 's rivals , who obviously would prefer less vigorous competition , '' the company declared , ''there was remarkably little evidence about the impact of Microsoft 's actions on consumers , who are , after all , the intended beneficiaries of the antitrust laws . ''
''We have not offered a bonus in either of our two proposals , '' said Peter Conte , a spokesman for Boeing .
Paul Fitzhenry , a spokesman , said that Pfizer had expected 2005 to be a difficult year as the company made a transition from older drugs like Norvasc to newer remedies including Lyrica , a painkiller .
The news of the delay led two rating services , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch Ratings , to reduce their ratings of Interpublic 's debt , and Fitch put Interpublic 's credit rating on negative watch .
Distributor Accuses Coca-Cola Enterprises of Fraud
Raytheon said it would restate its earnings for 1997 , 1998 and 1999 to reflect new accounting standards on recognizing revenue from aircraft sales .
The company 's top lawyer , William H. Neukom , said that the Justice Department was complaining because it had finally realized , as Microsoft had asserted , that it was simply not possible to separate the browser from the current operating system without paralyzing a personal computer .
One of the companies most cited is Verizon Communications , for a commercial for its Verizon DSL service created by McGarry Bowen in New York .
But there were n't many people saying ''Wow '' about Microsoft 's marketing last week .
What is more , Microsoft 's actions interfered with the development of new cross-platform Java interfaces .
Citigroup Selects Chief for Global Consumer Division
For the year , Citigroup posted net income of $ 17 billion , or $ 3.26 a share , down about 5 percent from $ 17.85 billion , or $ 3.42 a share , in 2003 .
Tom Wolzien , a media analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , said he expected either Disney or Viacom , which has announced plans to merge with CBS , to combine soon with new-media partners -- with the most likely candidates being Microsoft and Yahoo .
Microsoft and Sega Creating Windows-Based Game System
A sibling of MRM , McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , handles the creation of traditional advertising for Microsoft , and a sibling of Y. & R .
Coca-Cola Co revamps advertising for its lemon-lime soft drink Sprite for first time in almost seven years , after rare drop in brand 's sales and market share ; Sprite remains 5th on list of national brands , with 6.6 percent market share , drop of 0.2 percentage points ; photos ( M )
The new Microsoft offerings were available to large corporate customers at the end of November .
Since the bombing at the Marriott , businesses have battened down , and the hotels serving foreigners resemble military compounds .
That thinking was reflected when Airbus mounted an aggressive public relations campaign against Boeing 's long-term contracts following Delta 's announcement of the Boeing deal in March .
The deals with G.M. , the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Group were among a flurry of import allowances , including large wheat and aircraft purchases , that were expected from China ahead of Prime Minister Wen Jiabao 's visit to the United States , scheduled for early December .
The Fleishman-Hillard public relations agency , owned by the Omnicom Group , has agreed to a settlement valued at $ 5.7 million with the City of Los Angeles to end a lawsuit that charged the agency with deliberately overbilling for services as well as charging for work not performed .
So while Boeing ended up with only 49 percent of the market for orders , it had 55 percent of the dollar value of that market , according to Airbus estimates , which Boeing did not dispute .
More than 20 years after Michael Jordan first adopted longer shorts and over a dozen since Chris Webber , playing as part of Michigan 's Fab Five , made baggy pants the fashion in basketball , Nike is hoping that basketball teams are ready to take up a new look : haute techno-athletic on top , hip on the bottom .
In a research note dated Oct. 21 , Steven Kent , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs , wrote that with CBM , Marriott may be setting itself up ''to take a charge down the road . ''
Yahoo was taken to court by the French Union of Jewish Students and an antiracism group , the International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism , which is based in Paris .
Not true , a Union Pacific spokesman said .
Earlier in the arguments , a different judge had appeared sympathetic to Microsoft on the same point .
''Any material upside in the stock '' from the management reorganization , Mr. Stauff wrote , ''may be limited given the task at hand to get Interpublic back on track . ''
Moody 's Investors Service , the bond rating agency , maintained its rating yesterday on New York City 's $ 586 million in general obligation bonds .
section of the site , but on each of the more than one million pages on that site ( www.ibm.com ) .
But the contract stated that if Enron ever went bankrupt , Citigroup would take possession of the highly rated securities and give the investors unsecured Enron debt instead .
Mr. Partovi , a 26-year-old Harvard graduate , speaks movingly of his emotional bond to Microsoft and its people .
Federal antitrust prosecutors propose schedule for remaining proceedings in Microsoft Corp antitrust case that by taking years to conclude could have limited effect on company 's new operating system , Windows XP ; prosecutors ask that hearings to determine how to penalize Microsoft begin in February , more than three months after introduction of Windows XP ; Microsoft has denied accusations by rivals and critics that Windows XP , by integrating many different computer applications , presents even more antitrust problems than earlier versions of operating system that were at issue in lawsuit ( M )
He has also insisted that his administration would not give companies tax incentives simply to stay in the city , and maintained that position in the case of Verizon , said Edward Skyler , the mayor 's press secretary .
The document was part of the public record from an older antitrust case against Microsoft , the Justice Department 's first suit against the company .
Like Google today , Apple was a young but profitable company celebrated by the media when it made its stock market premiere in December 1980 .
Pfizer has helped the campaigns of both Gov .
Six months ago , only 30 percent of Boeing 's engineers and technical workers were members of the union , but the portion has since climbed to 63 percent , according to Mr. Bofferding .
The listing for alendronate -- a drug made by Merck & Company under the brand name Fosamax , which has been shown to help women and men with osteoporosis -- includes information on side effects and contraindications .
The purchase took Wal-Mart from sixth place to third in the country 's retail rankings , behind the local chain Pão de Açúcar , backed by the Casino Group of France , and the French retailer Carrefour .
''But Wal-Mart had the chance to answer . ''
Peter H Lewis ( State of the Art ) column discusses Intel Corp 's new Pentium III chip , which he describes as evolutionary , not revolutionary in terms of its predecessor , the Pentium II ; says while new chip will result in some price reductions for personal computers using older Pentium chip , speed gains of first batch of new chips are incremental ( M )
All eight major full-service United States airlines now work with Priceline , as well as over 20 brand-name international carriers .
Intel and A.M.D .
Such a purchase would be far bigger than anything Microsoft has tried .
Nor is it known whether the states would be acting on behalf of themselves as high-volume consumers of Microsoft 's software products or as guardians of their residents ' consumer rights .
Mount Sinai NYU Health reaches $ 380 million agreement with IBM that includes disaster operations center in Rochester , NY , to duplicate records in case of emergency , and several research and information management projects ( S )
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , said slower sales of desktop computers and weaker prices led it to miss its revenue target for the fourth quarter , causing the stock to decline more than 9 percent in late trading on Tuesday .
Because Intel 's microprocessors serve as the brains for more than 90 percent of the world 's personal computers , the Government contends that the manufacturers can not design new computers unless Intel provides the technical data .
could allow AT & T to use the Liberty spinoff to meet the MediaOne merger conditions , in effect annulling the previous order to sell the Time Warner Entertainment stake .
Correction : November 14 , 2005 , Monday An article in Business Day on Thursday about a restatement of 2001 earnings by General Motors misstated the company 's net income for that year .
Four advertising characters and slogans are voted into Madison Avenue Wall of Fame after by consumers ; characters are Juan Valdez , longtime representative of growers of Colombian coffee , and Geico insurance gecko ; winning slogans are 'When you care enough to send the very best ' ( Hallmark Cards ) and 'Imagination at work ' ( General Electric ) ( S )
A central charge of the antitrust suit was that Microsoft illegally protected its Windows monopoly from the competition posed by the Netscape Internet browser and Sun Microsystems ' Java technology .
Mr. Jobs has acknowledged that Apple ''took its eye off the ball '' in the school market , where as recently as 1997 it held a market share of more than 50 percent .
Microsoft acquired assets of GeCAD Software , a provider of antivirus technology based in Romania , in 2003 .
Business customers are expected to benefit first from the new Microsoft programs because software applications have already been written that exploit the new functions .
Merck & Company said yesterday that its profit rose by a lower-than-expected 14 percent in the first quarter , prompting a small selloff in most of the major American pharmaceutical stocks .
''It will be a derivative product that the European Commission is designing , '' Mr. Smith , Microsoft 's general counsel , said .
The environmental group took out full-page advertisements in newspapers , showing barren landscapes with blackened tree trunks that it said were the likely results of some projects financed by Citigroup .
Some Microsoft rivals , including Adobe and Mozilla , which is behind the Firefox Web browser , are collaborating with Google on the technology .
Even those who are sorely tempted to pay $ 219 to upgrade to Windows 2000 Professional from Windows 98 ought to remember that every new Microsoft operating system invariably contains bugs that are addressed in a follow-up service pack a few months later .
Representatives for both Fox and CBS confirmed that they had refused the ads , but declined to comment further .
Several years ago , when a pending mega-merger between Bell Atlantic and the cable giant Tele-Communications Inc. had the communications industry spinning dreams of ''interactive '' TV networks , Comcast was listening to buyout proposals from other phone companies that were seeking a springboard into television .
U.S. and Microsoft Argue in Court Whether Judge Is Being Defied
AT & T is trying to change its charter to require that only a majority of its shareholders approve the plan to restructure the company into four separate stocks , rather than the two-thirds that had been required .
Bank of America said it would continue to grant Mr. Brown access to the company .
On Wednesday , Mr. Kumar said Intel shares had fallen far enough to represent a trading buy , although he did not change his rating .
Cisco Sees No Upturn Soon for Technology Spending
The National Federation of the Blind sued Target , contending that the company 's inaction violated the Americans with Disabilities Act because the Web site is essentially an extension of its other public accommodations , and as such , should be easily accessible to people with disabilities .
A focus group study by Yahoo indicated that 70 percent of American Hispanics preferred to get at least some of their content in Spanish .
Like Priceline , Hotwire will sell so-called distressed inventory , seats that would otherwise go empty and that are not published on industry-wide sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.com .
In the new tests , using real vehicles on a test track as well as mathematical calculations , the four-wheel-drive versions of several similar sport utility vehicles made by General Motors -- the Chevrolet TrailBlazer , GMC Envoy , Oldsmobile Bravada and the new Buick Rainier -- earned four stars , even though they are virtually identical to G.M .
Still , Microsoft , despite its lagging position , had some appeal for Time Warner executives .
Apple Offers iMac 's Laptop Offspring , the iBook
And eight companies , including General Electric , General Motors and Exxon Mobil , made no mention of climate change in filings last year with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
He declined to discuss a decision by American Express to dismiss CardSystems from its processor network .
The recent acquisition of DirecTV by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation adds another piece to his global satellite empire and puts him at the center of a fierce technological battle -- one in which he and other satellite operators have lost the clear advantage they once had over cable competitors .
Brian Pickrell , a blogger , recently posted a note on his Web site attacking state legislation that would force Wal-Mart Stores to spend more on employee health insurance .
The current showdown between the two companies concerns America Online 's refusal to let Microsoft , among others , link its on-line users to America Online 's instant-messaging system -- a form of electronic mail that lets two people conduct a real-time conversation .
The allegations appear to support the Government 's contention that Microsoft routinely suppresses competition in any new market that might threaten its monopoly in personal computer operating systems .
Disney 's shares jumped 14.6 percent yesterday , to $ 27.60 , above the initial value of Comcast 's offer .
I.B.M .
It was Mr. Westmoreland who , by all accounts , prodded the software industry to make hunting games and then promoted them heavily at Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer .
Xerox Corp to offer its first household product , combination color scanner , printer and copier with simplified software for people who like computers but are not computer sophisticates ; is first to offer low-end multi-function document processing product with color scanner , beating out Hewlett-Packard Co ( M )
Mr. Evslin said AT & T decided to announce the scheduled weekly shutdowns , which occur from 3 A.M. to 7 A.M. Eastern time on Tuesdays and Thursdays , as a way to insure reliable operations at all other times .
Some analysts said Coke had taken premature credit for the acquisition simply to inflate its sales .
This evening , Microsoft spokesman Mark Murray , responding to the Century Strategies statement , said : ''We think this is a fine resolution to the issue involving Century Strategies and the Bush campaign .
Time Warner will get about three million new cable subscribers , and the purchase will let it spin off its cable unit into a publicly traded company with stock that could be used to make additional acquisitions .
Unable to get enough microchips to make everything it could have sold , the International Business Machines Corporation reported yesterday that it had squeezed out the profits Wall Street had expected for the third quarter but had fallen short of revenue projections .
P & O Princess has repeatedly rejected Carnival 's takeover attempts in favor of a ''merger of equals '' with Royal Caribbean .
A Nike Summer Sphere Dry Skirt with Dri-Fit panels for which I had paid $ 50 at a local department store in April was on sale at Tennis Warehouse for $ 40 in limited sizes and colors .
Yahoo did not drop Google 's listings , but under the new deal , which is no longer exclusive , it does not mention Google 's name .
A Target spokeswoman would not comment on those assertions , but in court the company offered testimony from three blind users rebutting the federation 's arguments .
Mr. Hesse said that AT & T had offered the Saudis a financing package for the project , but that the United States Government would not play a financing role , as it did in the aircraft deal .
The enthusiastic assessment from Intel executives seemed to make it less likely that the company would soon hedge its bet by offering an alternative design .
Morgan Stanley is shaken by another round of defections as eight senior traders leave firm for Deutsche Bank , adding to stream of executive departures in recent weeks ; eight stock traders , three of whom were managing directors , represent next generation of young , elite Morgan Stanley talent that embattled chief executive Philip J Purcell and his team have been trying to cultivate ; among those leaving are Robert Karofsky and Thomas M Juterbock ( M )
The News Corporation made the bid in a letter to the Dow Jones board two weeks ago , offering $ 60 a share , a startling 67 percent premium over the company 's stock price .
To the extent that any of this interface information might be protected by intellectual property in the European Economic Area , Microsoft would be entitled to reasonable remuneration .
The 60-year-old Mr. Skinner , who has worked for McDonald 's for 33 years , is the third chief executive that McDonald 's has had this year .
''There is a shift from mainly an emphasis on working features to an emphasis on trustworthy and secure computing , '' said Steven B. Lipner , director of security engineering strategy at Microsoft .
Microsoft says it was planning to include browser capabilities in Windows as early as April 1994 -- long before Netscape had grown to be an important competitor in the industry .
JPMorgan Chase has hired Gordon A. Smith from American Express to head its credit card unit , succeeding Richard J. Srednicki , 59 , who plans to retire next quarter .
In May 1998 , Con Edison acquired Orange and Rockland Utilities for $ 1.5 billion , adding to its customer base and expanding its reach northward .
Netscape , he said , suffered in part because it continued to charge for its browser after Microsoft released its rival program Internet Explorer free -- a perfectly lawful business practice , according to the appeals court .
That would be $ 1,300 to $ 1,500 a kilowatt of capacity , said Jerry Yelverton , the chief executive of Entergy Nuclear .
''We plan to continue talking to Nike , as our customers feel strongly about the Nike brand . ''
An article in Business Day on Friday about potential merger partners for the Northrop Grumman Corporation included an outdated reference to one possible candidate .
Correction : October 1 , 2002 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Lotus Software to tie its products more closely to those of I.B.M. , its corporate parent , misstated the year that Ray Ozzie , chief architect of Lotus Notes software , left the company .
Sony Corp , IBM and Toshiba are set to reveal some of first details of Cell chip , which they jointly develop for next generation of Sony PlayStation game consoles and other products ; chip will reportedly include multiple processors versatile enough to provide richer video images , multi-player gaming and addition of other media ( M )
In a statement released during a visit to the country by Intel 's chief executive , Paul S. Otellini , the company said that ''systems will be priced 20 percent less than the lowest-priced Intel-based PC 's in India with similar configurations . ''
The Changan Ford Automobile Corporation , the venture of the Ford Motor Company with the Changan Group of Chongqing , said that it had signed a memorandum of understanding to obtain the land use rights for construction of a plant in Nanjing , 142 miles northwest of Shanghai .
But Microsoft 's consumer entertainment and devices unit has contributes no profits yet , losing $ 289 million in the quarter .
Despite the lack of excitement comparable to what Microsoft generated in 1995 and again in 2001 , the company has said it expects sales of Vista to far surpass those of previous Windows products .
They chose Microsoft because it 's best . ''
download MP3 files , although Honeywell promises that will change with its next release .
Correction : May 25 , 2006 , Thursday A chart in Business Day yesterday that explained the relationship of Robert L. Nardelli , the chief executive of Home Depot , with the company 's lead director , Kenneth G. Langone , and its compensation committee , referred incorrectly to Mr. Langone 's tenure as a director at the General Electric Company .
After the Boeing Company and the McDonnell Douglas Corporation announced their $ 16 billion merger in 1996 , European regulators nearly blocked the deal because they were so worried that the new American aerospace giant would pose an unfair threat to Airbus Industrie , the European consortium that is Boeing 's sole competitor making large passenger jets .
Pfizer has done experiments in which volunteers who took drugs were injected with radioactive tracers and given PET scans to see if the drugs were reaching their expected targets in the body .
''My initial view is the savings will not be as high '' as the General Dynamics estimates , Mr. Kresa said .
Motorola could also be hurt if Verizon Wireless , Sprint and Cingular fail to interest consumers in the new high-speed data networks they are building , which have faster connection speeds for downloading pictures , e-mail messages and videos .
That temporary stint turned into almost 14 years overseas for Pfizer , mostly in Asia .
That stake represents 80 percent of the payment the News Corporation plans to make , giving the entire Gemstar stock purchase a value of around $ 7.2 billion .
Prudential , based in Newark , does not own an investment bank .
Court documents show that I.B.M .
By now , 2,000 software applications have been written to run on Itanium , and 10 manufacturers are offering Itanium-based machines -- including Dell and I.B.M .
A research report released last month by Cahners In-Stat Group says that Sony , the current market leader with its PlayStation console , will sell 21 million consoles in 2002 , compared with 6 million for Nintendo and 2.5 million for Microsoft .
While Verizon is expected to focus attention on corporate offerings , gaining full control of Verizon Wireless would do little to improve Verizon 's offerings to residential customers .
Microsoft then took the old , serviceable monochrome PC of the 1980s that could handle only one task at a time , and that seemed immune from the frivolity of fonts and pictures ( which were in Apple 's domain ) .
By acquiring Alza , which developed the technology behind the Nicoderm nicotine patches sold by GlaxoSmithKline , Johnson & Johnson , of New Brunswick , N.J. , the sixth-largest seller of prescription drugs in the United States , will gain access to technology and a research-and-development team that has repeatedly succeeded in finding better ways to deliver medicine to the human body .
Samuel J. Palmisano , the chairman and chief executive of I.B.M. , pointed to strength in the software business , where revenue was $ 4.2 billion , an increase of 5 percent from the comparable period last year , as well as in the company 's mainframe business .
As William H. Miller III , the mutual fund maverick , nears his 15th year of surpassing the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , some 13,000 brokers at Citigroup are cheering him on .
The business unit at the center of much of the controversy , Lockheed Martin IMS , was sold to another company in 2001 for $ 825 million .
Then came Netflix .
But the global giant has a market value of $ 203 billion , dwarfing the $ 13 billion market value of Coca-Cola Enterprises .
Mr. Stein , who is also resigning from Mattel 's board , has been both friend and rival to Ms. Barad for two decades .
Mr. Lipp said that after the deal was completed later this year Citigroup would have $ 85 billion to $ 90 billion in outstanding credit on its cards .
Gaining shareholder consent was a major step forward for Verizon and MCI , which had to fend off a bloc of shareholders , including several large investment funds that had opposed the deal .
Comcast Corp , facing criticism from Rep Edward J Markey and privacy advocacy groups , says it will no longer store data that would enable it to track individual subscribers ' Internet surfing habits ; says it changed policy to reassure customers it will not track their individual movements on Internet ; says that even before it changed policy , it had not tracked individuals ' behavior , but rather , had sought to gather aggregate data on habits of its users ( M )
But Kodak said that even with the increased job cuts , its eventual cost reduction would still total $ 1 billion annually , the same figure it announced a month ago .
The museum 's director , Holly Hotchner , reports that many of the Graves designs on view are out of production and are in the collection of the Denver Art Museum , where the exhibition was organized and first shown -- before Target was a sponsor .
And while Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson concluded that the company had violated antitrust laws and kept ''an oppressive thumb '' on the competition , Mr. Ballmer in effect insisted that Microsoft 's legal and image problems stemmed from the fact that it had never been able to shed its little-guy mentality .
European antitrust regulators are expected to fine Microsoft Corp 497 million euros ( $ 613 million ) when European Commission formally rules that company abused its monopoly in computer operating systems ; Microsoft spokesman Tom Brookes says fine of that size is not warranted ( M )
Defense lawyers negotiate to have charges dropped against Dmitri Sklyarov , 26-year-old Russian cryptographer accused of violating 1998 digital copyright law by trafficking a program that decrypts electronic books from Adobe Systems ; photo ( S )
Kenneth T. Derr , chairman and chief executive of Chevron , had sought to buy the Atlantic Richfield Company earlier this year but lost out to BP Amoco , which reached agreement to buy ARCO in March for $ 26.8 billion .
Bank of America chairman Kenneth D Lewis may have difficult time persuading Wall Street and investors that acquisition of FleetBoston Financial makes economic and strategic sense ; Lewis , until now , talked about creating growth from within , not through acquisitions ; photo ( M )
In contrast , Norfolk Southern is offering $ 115 cash for all shares .
But Netflix now faces a bruising challenge from Wal-Mart Stores , the $ 244 billion-a-year retailing monolith that has recently started a competing rental business with nearly identical offerings .
For now , both Yahoo and Reuters are concerned that they do not have the resources to edit and verify such articles .
But Charles Borgognoni , a spokesman for the company , would not comment as to whether Bristol-Myers was talking to Procter & Gamble .
Shareholders , who have been steadily dumping Xerox stock in the last 10 days , rushed to sell even more .
The combined market value of America Online and Time Warner is now less than before the deal was announced .
b. in the event that Microsoft furnishes Technical Information to an ISV in addition to that referred to in paragraph 6.a , conditioning the release of such Technical Information on the ISV 's agreeing not to write Platform Software , or applications for such Platform Software , that compete with any Microsoft software , provided that Microsoft may condition the release of Technical Information to an ISV on the ISV 's agreeing not to infringe any of Microsoft 's Intellectual Property Rights and agreeing to commercially reasonable measures ( including reasonable confidentiality agreements ) for protection of such rights .
McDonald 's campaign aims to regain the youth market .
VeriSign , which is struggling financially , could face possible damage to its reputation over the inquiry .
That alert contributed in part to increased reporting of red cell aplasia , intensifying the questions about Johnson & Johnson 's drug .
Market Place column on higher third-quarter profits at Exxon Corp , Texaco Inc and Amoco ; attributes increases to cheap crude oil and heavy summer driving ; Exxon reports earnings of $ 1.82 billion , up 17 percent from $ 1.56 billion in year-earlier quarter ; revenue was down slightly , totaling $ 32.7 billion compared with $ 33.31 billion a year before ; Texaco earned $ 490 million , up 12.9 percent from net income of $ 434 million in third quarter of 1996 ; revenue was little changed , at $ 11.093 billion ; Amoco reports earnings increase of 18 percent , to $ 635 million ; table ( L )
Since a family meeting Monday , the three family members who sit on the Dow Jones board and their advisers have refined their proposal , which they expect to present to News Corporation today .
''We 've been waiting for Amazon to be a serious player in digital music for some time , '' Mr. Card said .
The Justice Department has sued to stop the Oracle-PeopleSoft merger .
Today 's complaint did not directly address Microsoft 's newest operating system , Windows XP , which was sent to computer manufacturers last week and will begin appearing in new computers in September .
On the other hand , investors may see yesterday 's settlement as making Google more valuable because it eliminates the prospect that Yahoo might win a much larger judgment .
''We are not looking for a takeover , '' said Robert G. Greenhill , the former Morgan Stanley deal maker who is advising the retired executives .
Mr. Ditzel is unusually tight-lipped about what he has planned and about rumors that Transmeta 's well-financed efforts may result in a new hardware platform for Microsoft 's software .
's vast corporate reach gave rise to the myth that one of its presidents , Charles E. Wilson , said in 1953 that ''what 's good for General Motors is good for the country . ''
Ford tried to allay initial public concerns about the Excursion 's size three years ago by saying that it was mainly for businesses .
The Virginia Tech supercomputer , put together from 1,100 Apple Macintosh computers , has been successfully tested in recent days , according to Jack Dongarra , a University of Tennessee computer scientist who maintains a listing of the world 's 500 fastest machines .
The nation 's two most profitable airlines , Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways , said the planned cuts by the full-service carriers would have no immediate effect on their operations .
After he left , Sir Deryck remained at Citigroup but was replaced as head of the investment bank .
The firm 's two top executives also sought to clear up confusion about Morgan Stanley 's own descriptions of the payment to Mr. Luethke .
Its popular Thinkpad laptops will still be available in stores , and it will continue to sell corporate computers -- a much larger business for I.B.M .
Mr. Betty , of EarthLink , however , questions how big the market will be for the add-on services that Microsoft and AOL are planning , given that they add $ 10 or $ 15 a month to the already high broadband bills .
Bank of America and FleetBoston Financial , which are merging , reach $ 675 million settlement with New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer 's office and Securities and Exchange Commission over improper trading in their mutual funds , requiring Bank of America to replace most of its fund directors within year ; settlement is largest to date in wide-ranging fund probes and first to focus on role of boards in permitting improper trades ; settlement brings to $ 1.65 billion total in fines and other payments by fund companies that have reached agreements with regulators at federal and state levels ; Bank of America and Fleet will cut their fees by $ 160 million over next five years , chart ( M )
By late Tuesday night , the Internet Software Consortium , a nonprofit company responsible for the software that most domain name servers use to direct network traffic , was offering a software patch to counteract VeriSign 's service .
Johan Steenbakkers , director of information technology for the Dutch national library , which hired I.B.M .
Aimee , in her Yahoo profile , lists her own interests as watching movies , listening to music , meeting new people online , and ''SEX , SEX SEX , AND MORE SEX . ''
''We 'll go by Wal-Mart standards , '' Mr. Cohen said .
The purchase also highlights the staggering reach of the $ 300 billion Wal-Mart empire .
That amount could turn out to be a relative trifle if some analysts are accurate in their estimates of how much the corporate scandals could cost Citigroup .
Noting that this week also brought the 10-year-anniversary of the formation of Time Warner , Mr. Levin cast himself in this union of old and new media in rather simple terms , clearly intending to ensure that he is not portrayed as a symbol of the old , dinosaur media .
Microsoft increasingly needs new markets as its mainstay desktop PC business matures .
Virginia Postrel Economic Scene column discusses Apple Computer 's cancellation of the beautiful Power Mac G4 Cube computer in terms of the tricky problem of determining value of aesthetic improvements in products ; photos ( M )
To set up a store , a seller must have a proven track record ( eBay requires the sellers to have at least 20 feedback ratings from previous transactions ) and to agree to take credit cards or accept electronic payments using eBay 's Billpoint service .
And at least for the time being , that is where Intel is not .
Such fears helped scuttle a previous campaign by Microsoft to make inroads into the cable industry .
The most recent suit alleging anti-competitive behavior against Microsoft came from Bristol , which filed on Aug. 18 .
Motorola reaffirmed its earlier projection that it would have sales this year of $ 27.5 billion , up about 3 percent from 2002 , and said that earnings per share would be 40 cents for the year , up substantially from the loss of $ 1.09 a share in 2002 and 2 cents a share ahead of the current consensus .
is also expected to settle charges with Abbott Laboratories and Geneva Pharmaceuticals , a generic drug company owned by Novartis , executives said .
In New York , for instance , if SBC-AT & T wanted to compete for a contract , it would still have to pay Verizon to use its network tail .
If his new sport utility vehicle -- the one he thought the Ford Motor Company needed right away to stay competitive -- was to beat out a luxury sports car being promoted by more senior rival executives , he and his small team would have to come up with an inexpensive design .
Host and Marriott share in any profits after Marriott 's fees and the debt payments are paid .
Even before Merck withdrew Vioxx from the market on Sept. 30 , citing what it said was new evidence that the drug increased the risk of heart attacks , strokes and other serious ailments , hundreds of patients had filed lawsuits around the country .
Somehow , it seems that Verizon may greet SBC with something slightly less polite than ''yo . ''
''We 're going to be looking to what are the overseas opportunities to sell F-15s and F/A-18s and what kind of partnerships we can do with other countries , '' said Dan Beck , a spokesman for the military business of Boeing .
But investors fled after Ciena failed to win some expected business , including a $ 100 million deal with AT & T , and after the collapse of a proposed $ 7.1 billion merger with Tellabs .
There is also speculation that Verizon might pursue a national cable company like Comcast to get into the television business faster .
Suing Wal-Mart but Still Hoping to Move Up
Steven A. Ballmer , the company 's chief executive , called today ''the biggest product launch in Microsoft 's history , '' and the rollout will be backed by a first-year marketing budget of hundreds of millions of dollars .
Re ''In War Against No-Shows , Restaurants Get Tougher '' ( Dining In , Dining Out , Oct. 15 ) : I propose a program in addition to the one American Express offers allowing restaurants to charge customers with reservations who do n't show up .
Recalling a big 1989 buyout , which some 12,000 AT & T workers took , he said , `` We used to do a big business with retirement parties , picnics and other events , which seem to have been hurt by budget cuts . ''
Striking Nigerian oil workers hold 270 co-workers , including 17 Americans , hostage on oil rigs off coast of Nigeria ; workers have been occupying rigs , owned by Houston-based Transocean Inc , for past two weeks ; they are not armed ( S )
''The biggest challenge facing Microsoft is growth , '' Mr. Belluzzo said .
Microsoft executives compare the first stage of the Internet to the mainframe era , with the Web server computer the equivalent of the mainframe and the browser as the equivalent of the simple , ''dumb '' terminal of the mainframe days .
Mr. Allen can not exercise those options for at least four years , and company executives said that 75 percent of those options could not be exercised until AT & T stock had increased from 10 to 30 percent above $ 63.50 .
Verizon Communications is introducing Internet-based phone service to companies across nation ; service , which divides voice into packets of data and sends them over high-speed Internet lines , can be significantly cheaper than traditional phone calls because sellers of service do not typically have to pay access charges and other fees related to telephone transmission ( M )
Still , Cisco would be growing solidly even without its government sales .
Already , Yahoo charges fees for services to corporations , like providing their Webcasts through its broadcast.com service and offering its information on internal corporate networks .
In true in-your-face fashion , Nike wants to change that , setting 2002 as the year that it expects to catapult to No .
A few projects secured individual commitments from the government ; ExxonMobil 's is the third and by far the largest .
''You got the baby boomers who grew up with AT & T and the younger generation does n't even know about the brand so you get to start all over with them . ''
''Intel 's first-quarter results showed healthy growth in both revenue and earnings compared to a year ago , led by improvements in worldwide I.T .
While stocks of General Motors and Ford Motor are falling almost in tandem , risks seen in two American automakers are divergent ; Ford is worried about its auto business ; GM is worried about much besides its auto business ; Ford reports $ 326 million loss for quarter and long-term ratings of both companies are put on credit watch with negative implications by Standard & Poor 's ; Ford 's operating profit was $ 220 million in contrast to loss of $ 502 million year earlier ; GM 's problems lie beyond its core business , principally in soaring obligations required to finance its huge pension fund ; other difficulties include selling its stake in Hughes Electronics and its investment in struggling Italian conglomerate Fiat SpA ; Ford chairman William Clay Ford Jr comments ; photo ( M )
''God bless Coke , '' said Arthur Levitt , a former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
McDonald 's executives said it was too early to discuss any other pending changes within senior management .
Bancroft family , which controls Dow Jones & Co , meets by phone to discuss pledge by Rupert Murdoch to give them seat on board of News Corp if it buys Dow Jones , and to guard independence of company 's newspaper Wall Street Journal ; group of Wall Street Journal reporters based in China urged Bancroft family in letter dated May 10 to reject Murdoch 's bid ( M )
In Texas , where it lost the first Vioxx case last summer , Merck may be on friendly ground in a promised appeal , with courts that tend to be pro-business .
''We therefore continue to require clarity as to how this will be achieved in practice , '' Carnival 's letter said .
While the selloff was sparked by Intel , which said it was suffering from slackening demand , investors fear that the announcement may be a sign that the Asian economic crisis may still trim the fortunes of some of the nation 's large companies .
I.B.M .
Ready , as always , to put in a full day at the office , Dr. Rost turned on his computer Monday and tried for the first time in almost two weeks to log into his Pfizer e-mail account .
Shares of Cisco fell 95 cents , to $ 13.70 , after the announcement .
Digital was acting so far out of character that it almost resembled , well , Intel .
That is not a revolutionary concept , of course , but analysts say that for Kodak it represents a relatively new mind-set .
''Time Warner has been reformed , '' he said on Friday .
Boeing sees airlines serving a proliferating number of direct routes between cities , with midsize planes .
What American Express and Ameritrade do share is a willingness to give away stock trades to attract customers .
Even Microsoft concedes that it is not designed for the majority of individual PC users .
General Motors said today that it planned to develop and market fuel cells to heat and power homes and businesses by the middle of the decade to further a technology it expects to supplant the internal combustion engine .
He added , ''The reason the religious right is here in Bentonville is that it 's holding off Wal-Mart . ''
Alaska Airlines says that check of mechanism that moves horizontal stabilizer on jetliners of MD-80 series has turned up metal shavings on two of carrier 's planes ; Federal Aviation Administration orders domestic airlines to complete inspections of similar planes for signs of damage ; order follows recent crash of Alaska Airlines MD-83 whose crew had reported stabilizer problem ( M )
But Honeywell also makes auxiliary power units and aircraft instrumentation .
In the fiscal year that ends next June , the News Corporation said it now expects to post operating income growth ''in the high single-digit to low double-digit range . ''
In some crystal ball gazing research published last month , Dean P. Eberling , an analyst at Prudential Securities , speculated that Chase might eventually acquire the merged Morgan Stanley-Dean Witter .
People who pay $ 60 to use Intuit 's Quicken Deluxe 2000 financial software , for example , will find that if they go online to download stock quotes , the portfolio update page will contain a 1-by-4-inch banner advertisement for companies like AT & T and Charles Schwab .
Microsoft will appeal .
The talks between Organic and BBDO , which share clients like British Telecommunications , DaimlerChrysler and General Electric , were disclosed as Organic announced its second round of layoffs in three months .
Someone who bought Microsoft at $ 28 -- its closing price the first day it traded back in 1986 -- now has 288 shares for every share purchased .
Intel Plans to Introduce 2 New Microprocessors
It is also unclear whether Cisco had sold Apple the name iPhone outright and had then secured permission to use it itself .
So cable companies like AT & T Broadband , Comcast , Charter Communications , Time Warner Cable , Cox Communications and Cablevision Systems are slowly testing or deploying video on demand as part of their digital cable services in some parts of the country .
Specifically , Microsoft successfully pressured Intel , which was dependent in many ways on Microsoft 's good graces , to abstain from aiding in Sun 's and Netscape 's Java development work .
But the security weaknesses in Microsoft products , it seems , stem mainly from the company 's success as the leader of the PC era of computing .
The French food safety agency certified Coca-Cola products as safe this morning , citing the transitory symptoms reported by consumers in France and the few people affected .
''We are in discussions with other utilities about operating their plants , '' said Don Hintz , president of Entergy Operations Inc. , a subsidiary that runs five nuclear plants for Entergy .
Correction : October 20 , 2005 , Thursday A front-page article on Tuesday about an agreement between General Motors and the United Automobile Workers to curtail health benefits for employees and retirees misstated the scope of planned revisions at another big employer , SBC Communications .
But that might prove hard , he added , because Oracle sells its business software to customers in integrated packages rather than as separate components .
To get there , go to the Apple menu to System Preferences .
Even as two of three respondents identified the company 's brand as the most recognizable , in a separate category -- ''most successful '' network company -- Cisco received less than half the votes .
But no provision for such renegotiation was included in the AOL-Time Warner prenuptial agreement .
asked Mickey D. Levy , chief economist at Bank of America .
In addition to Intel , I.B.M .
Shipping adds about $ 6 more , but Amazon is betting many of its grocery customers will instead use the site 's Prime service , which , for $ 79 annually , gives customers unlimited two-day shipping on most Amazon items , including all groceries .
While Comcast 's offer was similar to AOL 's in that AT & T 's shareholders would own a majority of the combined company , Comcast would have retained control of the management .
Kazakhstan has reached an agreement with an international consortium led by ChevronTexaco over the financing of a major oil field , ending a dispute that had embodied the clash of ambitions between foreign investors and post-Soviet oil states .
In the fall of 1994 , William H. Gates , the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation , was upset about the Compaq Computer Corporation 's software plans .
In interviews before the lawsuit was settled , J. W. Marriott Jr. , the chairman of Marriott International , senior Marriott executives and board members sharply denied that accusation .
They say this can occur even though all of a board 's compensation committee members technically meet the legal definition of independent , as is the case at Home Depot .
SOUTH AFRICAN GOES ALL-BOEING
In an effort to expand the language capabilities of the Internet 's address system , Microsoft and VeriSign said users of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser could now reach Internet addresses by typing Chinese- or Japanese-language characters .
Oracle , which is based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , primarily sells database management programs .
When confronted by a thorny problem on the fringe of their expertise , they might conduct a Google search to consult sources that are ''not necessarily endorsed by Apple , '' Mr. Isom said .
The European Union insists it will fight the American lawsuit at the World Trade Organization , and it filed a countersuit contending that Boeing also gets improper subsidies .
Bill Pecoriello , a beverage analyst at Morgan Stanley , estimates that by taking out the middleman , Coke could reduce Powerade 's price to Wal-Mart by 5 percent .
The stock 's performance seemed to indicate that despite I.B.M .
Charles H. Bell , 95 , Executive Who Led General Mills ' Growth
On Sunday , the New York office of BBDO Worldwide , the General Electric agency since 1920 , will introduce the theme ''Imagination at work . ''
was highly productive , meaning high output per hour of work , just as Wal-Mart is now .
Last month , Amazon stunned investors by saying it would triple its marketing spending for the fourth quarter and raise its spending on new business lines , pushing any expectations of profits further into the future .
The earnings report , coupled with a refusal by Morgan Stanley executives to offer any guidance about when business may be expected to improve , led to some rude treatment in the stock market .
''Judging by today 's remarks , it looks like Microsoft finally realizes that the commission is serious and that its case is strong , '' this person said .
But if the gap does not close significantly , Comcast may well bid more , analysts said .
No one , least of all Xerox , doubts that Hewlett-Packard dominates the digital hardware game that Xerox so desperately wants to play .
With Intel offering little guidance about demand for the rest of the year , ''analysts will make their own assumptions and estimates will be all over the place , '' Mr. Peck said .
But AT & T , the nation 's biggest long-distance telephone carrier , still faces obstacles .
Powering the TV gains were ''American Idol , '' the country 's top-rated show with an average of more than 25 million viewers an episode , and higher advertising sales for local news and the National Football League playoffs .
Jose Carlos da Silveira Pinheiro Neto , president of the National Association of Automobile Manufacturers and vice president of General Motors of Brazil , said : ''Why have we made this offer ?
This acid-tongued comedian , who since losing his ''Politically Incorrect '' perch on ABC in the wake of 9/11 , has been reborn on HBO as one of the establishment 's most entertaining critics , will begin a new talk show on June 1 on Amazon.com , whose purpose is to steer clear of controversy and sell books and music for the Web site .
Amazon is taking on the hardware market at a perilous time .
Microsoft wrote back , disputing Mr. Hatch 's assertions , and adding that it ''would not refuse to help other companies in the personal computer industry in opposing Government action that they also regard as misguided . ''
Where commercial aircraft once accounted for the bulk of the company 's business , now , for the first time in the company 's history , military contracts are expected to account for more than half of Boeing 's business by next year .
A native of Ireland by birth but , those who know him say , a true internationalist by nature , Mr. Isdell hopped from country to country , rapidly rising through the ranks of Coca-Cola .
Apple Computer Inc will introduce new kind of computer for elementary and high schools that will sell for about half the price of current multimedia systems ; Apple is hoping to strengthen its foothold in $ 4 billion educational computing market ; its new computer , Emate 300 , is not based on Macintosh , but borrows technology from Apple 's Newton line of hand-held computing devices to create sleek notebook-sized device for Internet browsing , word processing and other basic computing tasks ; it is not intended to compete with or replace multimedia Macintoshes , but to give schools a supplementary device ; Emate , costing under $ 800 , will be available initially only to schools , but Apple eventually will market it to families as well ; graph ( M )
Coke 's new game plan underscores Wal-Mart 's growing power in the grocery business .
's proposed deal and was close to an agreement to buy Honeywell in October only to be outbid by G.E .
''A lot of communities are concerned about how Wal-Mart treats its workers , '' Mr. Blank said .
''We are confident we can show that Microsoft 's Windows operating system and the browser were two separate products and they were tied together for the purpose of destroying its competition with a range of predatory tactics , '' said Stephen D. Houck , chief of the antitrust bureau of the New York State Attorney General 's office .
Goldman Sachs defended its record , pointing out that it had exceeded its benchmarks in a very tough market .
The Boeing Company said today that it would phase out two of the four lines of civilian jets it inherited when it acquired the McDonnell Douglas Corporation and that it was still uncertain about the long-term future of a third .
Morgan Stanley , however , stood apart from the other defendants , not only for refraining from settling , but also because it was one of the biggest suppliers of risky securities to the state .
In 2004 , its profit margins before interest and taxes and excluding pension obligations hit 22.9 percent , compared with 20.9 percent for Verizon and 17.5 percent for SBC , according to company reports .
That stroll from Starbucks to McDonald 's has been targeted at both ends .
The transaction , for cash and stock , is the industry 's largest in three years , and it gives ChevronTexaco many undeveloped reserves in Azerbaijan , Indonesia and the Gulf of Mexico at a time when oil companies are having trouble finding new prospects .
For all of 2004 , Intel 's revenue was $ 34.2 billion , surpassing its record of $ 33.7 billion in 2000 .
Top executives at Cisco Systems Inc. will not receive bonuses for the 2001 fiscal year because the company fell short of its financial goals , company officials said yesterday .
Technology Briefing | Deals : Yahoo Acquiring Oddpost
With health care stocks tumbling , and with United Healthcare indicating that it was rethinking its aggressive push into the Medicare market , analysts questioned the fate of United Healthcare 's pending acquisition of Humana .
Saying it will be at the center of the ''wired world , '' Motorola also made its biggest acquisition last year , buying the General Instrument Corporation , the largest maker of cable set-top boxes , in the hope of establishing itself in the interactive-television market .
Asim Parekh , a vice president for Coca-Cola India , said his ''heart sank '' when he heard first heard the accusations because he knew that consumers would be easily confused .
But in a strongly worded response , the commission , the year-round administrative arm of the European Union , denied responsibility for any possible delay in the introduction of Vista , and accused Microsoft of twisting the truth .
''It 's like suing your family , '' said Edwin Rice , chief executive of Ozarks Coca-Cola Bottling in Springfield , Mo .
''It 's worrying , but it is not disastrous , '' said Harry Stonecipher , Boeing 's president .
Microsoft Corp 's $ 6 million investment in General Magic Inc buys it an 11.9 percent of company and license to use some General Magic technologies , many of which fit into Microsoft 's expanding view of technology landscape ; Microsoft 's chief technologist , Nathan Myhrvold , says General Magic 's technologies and products are interesting to Microsoft because they run with Windows , thus helping Microsoft maintain its operating-system supremacy ( M )
''I believe that the transmission of this personal data is a breach of the zBubbles License and Usage Agreement , '' Mr. Smith asserted in a letter to Jeff Bezos , chairman of Amazon .
''Office Depot is trying to do what Staples has already done , and a No.2 player has to come up with something different , '' he said .
FTC is investigating marketing practices of VeriSign Inc , which registers Internet addresses ; in recent months , company has been hit with spate of lawsuits accusing it of deceptive marketing practices related to its efforts to persuade rivals ' customers to shift suppliers of Internet addresses ( M )
A woman in her mid-40 's , she had worked for other retailers and had shopped at the Wal-Mart store in her community .
Retaining 25 percent ownership in Fuji Xerox gives Xerox access to printer products , and will make it easier to maintain the technology-sharing agreement it has with the joint venture .
The federal judge trying the Microsoft antitrust case unexpectedly agreed to delay his final ruling for about a week today , giving the Justice Department time to reply to Microsoft 's proposal to water down the government 's breakup plan .
Although negotiations continued throughout the day among Microsoft , the Justice Department and state attorneys general over the terms of the proposed settlement , investors were optimistic about the outcome .
But ad executives uninvolved with the campaign said it was the largest ruckus they had ever seen from a guerrilla marketing stunt , and Turner Broadcasting , a unit of Time Warner , scrambled to apologize .
Lawrence J. Ellison , chief executive of Oracle , has consistently argued that the market for business enterprise software is highly competitive , with hundreds of companies taking part .
If the notes ' five-year terms elapsed without incident , Citigroup promised to return the investors ' principal .
said it might revise the rating if Visteon reached an agreement with Ford Motor to revise the terms of its spinoff from Ford in 2000 .
Of course , Eastman Kodak knows that , too .
Internet company America Online to buy Time Warner , largest traditional media company , for $ 165 billion in merger that would be biggest ever and proof that old and new media are converging ; deal is acknowledgement by Time Warner that Internet is central to its media businesses and that its own efforts to create online operations have been lackluster ; would enable AOL to offer customers speedier Internet access and interactive television services on Time Warner 's cable television systems and give it use of Time Warner 's entertainment and information empire ; deal is likely to spur other mergers that could speed development of high-capacity data and entertainment networks ; surprise deal , negotiated in secret , also brings new realization that huge stock-market values recently obtained by Internet companies allow them to do buying in media deals ; AOL chairman and chief executive , Stephen M Case , will be chairman of new company , AOL Time Warner ; Time Warner chairman , Gerald M Levin , will be chief executive ; photos ; graphs of companies ' market shares ; graphs and tables of Time Warner assets ( M )
Marriott , for instance , in January began allowing Expedia and Hotels.com to offer its more than 2,000 properties on their Web sites -- a deal similar to one it struck late last year with Travelocity , which , along with Orbitz , is aggressively working to catch up to the InterActive Corporation brands .
An internal inquiry conducted by the Mobil Corporation before its merger with Exxon in 1999 found that the company had paid more than a billion dollars to foreign companies in connection with arrangements in Russia and Kazakhstan that had no apparent business purpose , The New Yorker magazine reported this week .
Many of the Verizon directors who are on its compensation committee have also met Mr. Seidenberg at board meetings of other public companies .
He acknowledged that Microsoft paid part of his travel and hotel expenses on the tour , as well as those of two other participants , Mr. Naujok , the chairman of the techniques and methods group of the standards committee , and Kenji Itoh , the vice chairman of the standards committee .
A senior Cadbury Schweppes executive said yesterday that the company planned to sell its brands in France to the Coca-Cola Company after Coca-Cola completed its negotiations with the French Government over the purchase of the Orangina soft-drink brand .
''As we have told everybody , we have an arm's-length policy , '' he added in an interview , saying that both companies did not expect the venture would require any United States Government review for antitrust violations because Amazon.com already had a dominant share of the market .
Microsoft vigorously denies Mr. Glaser 's version of the recent conflict between the two companies .
The chip makers Advanced Micro Devices and National Semiconductor have already been giving Intel fits in the growing market for microprocessors for personal computers that sell for less than $ 1,000 .
International Business Machines Corp announces plans to cut about 1,000 management and other positions in its microelectronics division in Endicott , NY ; cites slowing demand for semiconductors ( S )
Information in federal court filings as well as in lawsuits brought against Boeing by rival military contractors casts new suspicion over a number of Boeing executives , including the current chief executive , Harry C. Stonecipher , and James F. Albaugh , president of Boeing 's military systems , as well as other top Boeing executives .
A spokeswoman for Amazon declined to comment and would not confirm any of details of the plan .
AT & T , like Microsoft , argued during its trial that a breakup would damage or destroy the company 's research capabilities .
Apple , at Last , Has New Operating System for Macs
Today Microsoft and senior Justice Department officials engaged with a mediator in shuttle diplomacy , vigorously pressing the states to adopt the agreement , people involved in the case said .
The Boeing Company said yesterday that the economic downturn in Asia was forcing it to scale back production of many passenger jets beginning next year and to cut more jobs over the next two years -- perhaps as many as 20,000 -- than it had indicated in June .
CNN was subsequently asked whether the appearance of the Total Corn Flakes constituted a product placement as part of the sponsorship agreement between General Mills and the network , part of Time Warner .
The Interpublic Group of Companies said yesterday that it had acquired DeVries Public Relations in New York , which specializes in public relations for marketing companies .
John Inch , an analyst who covers General Electric for Bear , Stearns , said General Electric was wise to pull the Web portal 's operations back into the safety of a large company , without the pressure from shareholders whose investments had plunged .
Yahoo reported a profit of $ 253 million in the quarter , nearly three times the figure from a year earlier .
Despite Xerox 's written policies , promotions are ''decided in a back room or a golf course , '' said Tammy Johnson , who worked for Xerox for about 10 years and was at one time the only black female sales manager in the New York area unit where she worked .
Robert W Pittman , chief operating officer of AOL Time Warner , resigns under pressure in most public repudiation yet of premises behind $ 165 billion merger of AOL and Times Warner ; Pittman 's departure leaves combined company almost entirely in hands of veterans of Time Warner 's old-media business ; Richard D Parsons , Time Warner chief exec , reorganizes company under two execs whose old-media businesses have performed better than expected in recent years ; Don Logan , previously chmn of Time Warner magazine division , is named chmn of newly formed media group that includes AOL and Time Warner Cable as well as books and magazine division ; Jeff Bewkes , previously chmn of HBO , is named chmn of newly formed entertainment division that includes television networks , film and television studios and music ; Stephen M Case , chmn of AOL Time Warner , is last exec from AOL among top management ; photo-chart of old management team at merger , and new one ( L )
A desire to limit free riding on the firm 's investment in consumer-oriented features , such as the Referral Server and the Online Services Folder , can , in some circumstances , qualify as a procompetitive business motivation ; but that motivation does not explain the full extent of the restrictions that Microsoft actually imposed upon IAP 's .
That is only a small fraction of the 1.2 million households that subscribe to Time Warner Cable in New York City , and company executives refused to say exactly how many homes were included .
''The inescapable conclusion is that the very apex of Boeing 's management structure was privy to and willing to exploit the bribery scheme between Boeing and Druyun '' in connection with the rocket launchings , Lockheed said in papers filed in Federal District Court in Orlando .
AOL Time Warner reportedly seeks to merge AT & T Broadband with its cable operations in bid to become nation 's largest cable operator ; reportedly responds to improved regulatory environment and increased likelihood that regulators would allow merger ; AT & T has also held talks with other possible bidders ( M )
But the General Motors new security has a different tact .
sponsorship of the United States Olympic team in conjunction with the United Auto Workers union -- was awarded to a different shop on the General Motors agency roster , Berlin Cameron & Partners in New York .
Brendan Barnicle , an analyst with Pacific Crest Securities , said that Oracle 's database numbers had been strong in recent quarters , leading him to see the first quarter 's sluggish growth as an anomaly .
At Gap , the decision to close Forth & Towne may have had more to do with the parent company 's problems .
Disney Rejects Comcast Offer
''All of the five critical vulnerabilities are , of course , critical , so that means they are wormable , '' said Jeff Jones , senior director of Microsoft 's security business unit .
One involves the sale of the division , a research company known as the NFO WorldGroup , which Interpublic acquired almost three years ago for more than $ 600 million .
''We 've not seen a recovery in any of the major markets and we have severe weakness in Japan , '' said John G. Connors , chief financial officer of Microsoft .
The site does not specify particular grievances against Nike , except to include it on a list of World Economic Forum participants , along with companies like Exxon Mobil , Honeywell , McDonald 's , Phillip-Morris and Amazon.com .
The Blackstone Group and Morgan Stanley advised Comcast ; and Davis Polk & Wardwell and Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll provided legal advice .
Hardly anybody within earshot of a Fifth Third employee is safe from a sales pitch .
AT & T Asks $ 1 Billion of AOL Time Warner
Last year , the company said , about $ 15 billion of its products came from Chinese suppliers , which would rank Wal-Mart alone as one of China 's largest trading partners .
Citigroup portrayed the move as a straightforward job shuffle between two up-and-coming executives , with Ms. Krawcheck , who turns 40 on Nov. 5 , succeeding Todd S. Thomson , 43 , who will now run the research and brokerage division .
Including special charges , Johnson & Johnson 's net income was $ 891 million , or 63 cents a share , compared with $ 754 million , or 53 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
But Kevin Murphy , an analyst at Morgan Stanley , warned that ''if things do n't pick up by midyear , the losses for the first quarter could end up becoming losses for the entire year . ''
Boeing and McDonnell Douglas executives said they hope to complete their merger by mid-1997 .
The I.B.M .
Some see the partnership as a brilliant marketing move by McDonald 's ; others say it 's too little too late .
Though Mr. Wozniak was designing for television screens rather than for LCD displays , he used a sub-pixel technology to effectively double the horizontal resolution of the Apple II by blending two sub-pixels , purple and green .
On this issue , I.B.M .
And some manufacturing trade associations said that they were concerned that shipping rates might rise in regions where Conrail had once competed with CSX or Norfolk Southern .
Cisco 's shares rose 15 cents , to $ 17.37 .
Comcast 's seemingly charmed life so far in its broadband business includes its profitable involvement with Excite @ Home , now defunct .
But soup still represents about 45 percent of sales and 64 percent of earnings , according to Prudential Securities , and like many other packaged-food companies , Campbell , based in Camden , N.J. , is grappling with a consumer trend away from cooking toward more eating out and snacking .
Shares in Nimbus CD International Inc rise 14 percent on heavy volume after company announces that it has signed contract to become authorized manufacturer of digital disks for Microsoft Corp ; Nimbus , largest independent compact disk manufacturer in United States , also reports first-quarter earnings that , while down sharply from year earlier , slightly exceed Wall Street analysts ' expectations ( M )
Called Cisco Video Telephony , the system lets users easily add video to phone calls made over Cisco Internet-based telephone systems .
For 11 years , Coca-Cola 's primary rival , the Pepsi-Cola Company unit of Pepsico Inc. , had been the Grammy soft-drink sponsor .
At Goldman Sachs , equity trading revenue and commissions -- the two main barometers of broad stock market activity -- shrank by 14 percent and 16 percent , respectively , compared with the previous quarter , as a summer slowdown and political uncertainty resulted in a listless stock market .
During the conference call , Mr. Lewis said that the management of Bank of America was focused on integrating the operations of the two companies by next October .
Apple Says Shortage of Chips Will Weaken Results for Quarter
DuPont 's optimism has other chemical industry executives scratching their heads .
Comcast 's big institutional investors , several dozen of whom were courted by Mr. Roberts at a cocktail party on Wednesday at the St. Regis hotel in Manhattan , are loath to comment , for fear of further battering their Comcast portfolios .
''I definitely think this is the wave of the future , and there is no getting around it , '' said Mortimer B. Zuckerman , whose media holdings include The Daily News of New York and the magazines Fast Company and U.S. News & World Report .
But in the same paragraph , the judge also wrote that Microsoft blocked ''the easiest and most intuitive paths '' for obtaining Netscape 's browser , so that ''few new users had any incentive '' to install it .
He estimated that A.T. & T. 's minutes of use exceeded 222 billion in 1991 , compared with 208.8 billion in 1990 .
G. M. O'Connell , chairman and chief executive at a leading interactive agency , Modem Media.Poppe Tyson in Norwalk , Conn. , praised the acquisition for its union of ''the database Time Warner has , its amazing knowledge of the American consumer '' that comes from selling products like Time Inc. magazines and Time-Life books and music , with the ''amazing knowledge AOL has of what its 20 million members do . ''
Paul Patterson , an industry analyst with ABN Amro , a New York based investment firm , said it was unclear whether Southern California Edison 's creditors would continue to be patient , given that the state Senate had already once failed to act on Gov .
Mr. Semel , like others at the time , tried to move Yahoo away from online advertising and to build fee-based businesses .
Priceline , based in Norwalk , Conn. , said it had $ 228 million in revenue in the fourth quarter , down from $ 341 million in the third quarter .
Verizon Communications says it will start selling high-speed Internet connections using fiber optic lines in three local areas as part of its nationwide introduction ( S )
Among other technology stocks , Cisco Systems fell $ 1.05 , to $ 22.43 ; Oracle lost 74 cents , to $ 16.84 ; and Nextel Communications dropped $ 1.70 , to $ 17.37 .
Federal securities regulators are investigating whether Bristol-Myers Squibb overstated revenue last year by giving wholesalers incentives to buy extraordinary amounts of the company 's prescription drugs , the company said yesterday .
''A structural remedy was our first choice because it is a cleaner , less regulatory solution , '' said Ken Wasch , president of the Software and Information Industry Association , a trade group that supported a breakup of Microsoft .
As William H. Gates opened his annual speech at the Comdex technology conference , he tried to portray Microsoft as a company that wanted to give consumers choices in how they use computers and get on line .
Such talk could create more problems for Intel , which is being investigated for possible antitrust violations by the Federal Trade Commission .
NTL retained Goldman Sachs earlier this month to advise it on a merger .
Boeing has also expressed disappointment at not being given a chance to make its pitch .
Ending a 10-year corporate marriage after more than a year of stops and starts , Medco Health Solutions , the nation 's largest manager of drug benefits , became independent yesterday in a spinoff to shareholders of Merck & Company .
Throughout his ruling , Judge Jackson referred to the market power Microsoft derives from the close linkage of Windows with its Office applications software as the ''applications barrier to entry '' for prospective rivals .
Market Place column on International Business Machines Corp , whose stock hit record high of $ 177.125 a share ; says fall and recovery of IBM , which bottomed on Aug 16 , 1993 , at $ 40.625 a share , or 77 percent below its peak , has come amid one of great bull markets ; holds IBM is now only number 9 among all American companies , and just number 3 among technology companies , in market value ; it is far behind Intel and Microsoft , companies that at end of August 1987 were together worth less than a tenth of what IBM was worth ; graph ( L )
Of the 1,400 engineers who work in Intel Technology India , nearly 10 percent are repatriated Indians who have spent significant time working abroad .
''We felt IPG was n't the right fit , '' said Mr. Arnell , referring to Interpublic by its stock ticker symbol .
In both areas , Mr. Maloney said , Intel is scrambling to reverse its fortunes .
As a minority owner , Pharmacia would hold 23 percent of Pfizer , the current king of the splintered pharmaceutical industry .
As an alternative , Microsoft offers a new on-screen keyboard called Dial Keys .
Nike , Fighting Trade Suit , Asks Justices for Free-Speech Protection
Comcast now owns 20 percent of Time Warner cable , which has 11 million subscribers .
Ford Motor Co chief financial officer and executive vice president John M Devine says he will retire at end of September and intends to pursue 'wider responsibilities ' elsewhere ; Devine was passed over last year to become Ford 's president and chief executive ; vice chairmen W Wayne Booker and Peter J Pestillo will assume Devine 's duties ( M )
To help pay for the shares it bought , Enron borrowed more than $ 100 million from Citibank , now a unit of Citigroup , and another bank .
''Microsoft is a unique company , '' said Dan Wieden , president and chief creative officer at Wieden & Kennedy .
Ms. Wylde and the Alliance for Downtown New York also contend that the city and the state have to stabilize the financial industry downtown .
While Microsoft 's critics insist that the company uses temps to skimp on benefits and severance payments , company executives say using temps is fairer to the workers -- they do not come in thinking they have permanent jobs , only to be laid off once their project ends .
Boston Scientific said that it was trying to determine if the grafts it had shipped in the past two years had been manufactured according to specifications .
Microsoft appealed last year 's antitrust ruling to the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg .
And Wal-Mart Canada , which has an undisguised dislike for unions , is already saying the Jonquière outlet is a money-losing underperformer , raising worker concerns that it will be closed before any contract is signed .
I.B.M .
Intel has acknowledged that it withheld information about its chips from the three companies .
True North Communications says it will discuss with Publicis Groupe , largest shareholder of True North , the proposed deal for Interpublic Group of Companies to acquire True North ( S )
In part because it had to pull millions of soft drinks off the market in Europe last month , the Coca-Cola Company 's second-quarter profit fell 21 percent , the company said yesterday .
Most conspicuously , Cisco filed a lawsuit early this year in Texas charging that Huawei stole its computer coding for data routing equipment .
The USA cable network abruptly canceled production of a television movie that was to be based on two 1986 deaths caused by Excedrin laced with cyanide after the network received complaints from Johnson & Johnson .
Still , the Microsoft decision in the European case to withdraw its request for a two-day hearing , which would have begun on Dec. 20 , is another clear example that the company is moving aggressively to try to put its antitrust troubles behind it .
Firestone 's centennial this year has turned into debacle for one of America 's most familiar brand names , as company 's tires are blamed for scores of deaths , stock prices and consumer confidence plummet and top executive is summoned before angry Congress ; US regulators add 26 deaths to 62 previously attributed to Firestone tire failures and Venezuelan authorities seek criminal prosecution of Firestone and Ford , implicating design of Explorer SUVs ; Ford head Jacques Nasser refuses to reiterate support for Firestone ; Firestone American executive John Lampe says company will name independent investigator ; angry union workers demonstrate at Nashville headquarters , threatening to strike nine US plants ; Lampe says other company business is normal , although delayed by recall work , and General Motors repeats that it has not found problems ; Japanese-owned Bridgestone is considered lacking in public relations skills or understanding of tumult in US , and has no Americans on board even though half of sales are in US ; 5 of 10 corporate officers in Nashville are Japanese ; Ford 's pointed blaming of Firestone draws rebut from Lampe , who notes there are no problems with other SUV 's ; Ford retorts that Explorers with Goodyear tires fare much better ( M )
Apple has long been known for paying more attention to the design of its hardware than most other computer manufacturers .
has shrunk , '' said Stuart Parkin , the leader of the group at I.B.M .
Charles W Ergen , chairman of EchoStar Communications Corp , meets with executives from General Motors to discuss company 's bid for Hughes Electronics unit of GM ( S )
Pfizer is hoping to gain approval soon for a successor medicine called Lyrica , or pregabalin , as a treatment for epilepsy and neuropathic pain .
Despite forecasting personal computer growth in single digits for next year , Mr. Connors said that he expected Microsoft 's revenue next year to grow by 11 to 13 percent .
Honeywell , a diversified manufacturer with 115,000 employees , says it will not disclose the size of its settlement until it reaches a final agreement , but lawyers for plaintiffs said it was several billion dollars but not as large as the Halliburton deal .
''Strong conduct remedies could make it difficult for Microsoft to be as aggressive as it has been in the past , '' said David Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
In contrast , Amazon.com has already started exploiting the sales opportunities on Planet All through E-mail messages that encourage members to buy birthday gifts for their friends from Amazon.com .
But late in the day , Karel van Miert , the European Union 's top antitrust official , indicated that Boeing had sent him a new offer , signaling a willingness to do so .
Kodak 's stock jumped as much as $ 4 a share before closing at $ 30.95 , up $ 3.49 , in New York Stock Exchange trading .
The United States Attorney 's office for the District of Utah last month subsequently charged the seller , Russell Dana Smith , on 54 counts of wire and mail fraud in connection with the eBay sales .
Microsoft also took pains today to state that in contrast to the current generation of the Internet , in which services are largely provided free of charge , customers will be charged for most of its new services .
Electronic Arts said it would make 10 unspecified titles available within six months after xBox appears .
Daniel A. Carp , Kodak 's chairman and chief executive , told analysts at a meeting in New York that the company intended to cut fixed costs in its conventional film business faster than the volume declined .
Interpublic fought hard to keep Bank of America , which is one of its largest clients along with General Motors , Intel , Microsoft , Nestlé and Unilever .
''During the fourth quarter , the deterioration of economic conditions in certain Asian markets had an impact in terms slowing the growth of sales , orders and profits , as well as putting pressure on pricing , '' Robert L. Growney , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , said in a statement .
In the wake of Claritin 's conversion to over-the-counter status , insurers have been increasing patients ' copayments for Allegra and Zyrtec from Pfizer , hoping to nudge doctors and patients to use Claritin .
In another recent case , the Thomas & Betts Corporation of Tennessee tried to uncover the name of an employee who had posted anonymous messages on a Yahoo message board , but dropped the suit after Public Citizen intervened .
Paul Maritz 's unexpected retirement costs Microsoft Corp key strategist ; photo ( M )
While many executives have announced plans to depart Mattel in recent months , including Pleasant Rowland , the founder of the American Girl doll line that Mattel bought in 1998 , Mr. Eckert said he was pleased with the management team he would be inheriting .
Early on , Mr. Jobs defined the Macintosh as an all-in-one appliance , but he was forced to leave Apple just a year later after losing a management battle with the chief executive then , John Sculley .
Boeing shares closed at $ 98.625 , up $ 2.375 , yesterday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Microsoft Corporation has quietly hired Ralph Reed , a senior consultant to Gov .
Network Solutions , the original domain registrar , which has since been acquired by VeriSign , held a government-sanctioned monopoly over the entire domain name system until 1999 , when the Commerce Department created Icann to oversee a transition to a free market .
Tularik had been close to licensing T131 to another pharmaceutical company before Amgen swooped in to buy the company , Dr. Goeddel said .
In 1943 , Thomas J. Watson , then chairman of I.B.M. , predicted a world market for ''about five computers . ''
Although eBay is the largest online auction site globally , it has only a small position in the Japanese market , with 20,000 items for sale .
''I.B.M .
''I think 'Amazing Race ' and 'Survivor ' prove that CBS can put on a show that 's going to draw a median age in the 18-to-49 demographic , '' he said .
Adding P & O Princess to Carnival , which also controls Cunard and its flagship , the Queen Elizabeth II , would result in a line with 62 ships and 87,020 berths and just under half the United States market .
U.S. Faults Depositions of Microsoft Executives
2 cable company if it bought Time Warner .
But it appears that the General Motors security would escape the Clinton bill because it is designed to fall at the edge of the arbitrary line set by President Clinton .
Bank of America , which is based in Charlotte , N.C. , but has a strong California franchise , will pay an estimated $ 48 billion in stock for FleetBoston 's robust presence in the Northeast and for access to some of the wealthiest households in the country .
The company said Verizon had not provided customer records to the National Security Agency ''from the time of the 9/11 attacks until just four months ago . ''
Investors fear surprises above all else , and while many telecommunications concerns have revised their financial estimates recently or have missed their goals altogether , AT & T 's core telecommunications operations appear to be more or less on track to reach the modest 2002 goals that the company outlined three months ago .
Microsoft recently announced that Windows XP could now support the new U.S.B .
After all , during Mr. Steere 's nine-year tenure , Pfizer became the world 's largest drug company , one whose sales -- and stock price -- kept going up , up and up some more .
That is because Intel has managed to narrow the technology gap enough that only the small slice of customers that is interested in top performance is willing to risk buying a computer built around a chip that has such a small share of the market .
Anyway , in the MGM Movie Vault ( www.amazon.com/ mgmvault ) , the price is right : $ 7.99 each .
In April , the average domestic one-way fare was $ 210 , up $ 8 from the first-quarter average , American Express said .
With the Eckerd acquisition , CVS will grow to 5,339 stores from 4,179 , an increase of nearly 30 percent .
Coca-Cola has been particularly hurt by the economic travails in developing countries over the past 18 months .
Similar bonds in Camden and Mercer Counties were downgraded last month , said Charles E. Emrich , an analyst at Moody 's .
Verizon reported that revenue from local telephone service business was $ 9.9 billion , down from $ 10.25 billion in the second quarter last year .
If a customer bought products from one of the independent merchants who operate stores on the Amazon.com site .
Even doing that , however , would make it impossible to use some on-line services like Prodigy , AT & T 's Worldnet and Microsoft 's MSN , Mr. Neukom said .
At the Paris Air Show today , Mr. Stonecipher led off the company 's official news conference , by apologizing to Airbus , which is Boeing 's archrival
Kohl 's will run 'reality ' television commercial in which two men propose marriage to their girlfriends on camera ( S )
And the new storage line , analysts say , represents the International Business Machines Corporation 's effort to challenge the current leader in high-end storage systems , the EMC Corporation .
Its software security leaders , including Mr. Howard and Doug Bayer , the director of the Windows Security Group , say that Microsoft was forced to re-evaluate its security position in a fundamental way after its software was struck last year by two malicious computer worms , named Code Red and Nimbda .
`` It 's a delay , but A.T. & T. has further opportunity to supply information which can support a waiver , '' said Frank Governali , a telecommunications analyst at First Boston .
Those exclusive arrangements will still end , but under yesterday 's deal AT & T agreed to maintain the Excite portal 's prominence through 2008 and Cox and Comcast made a similar pledge , to extend through 2006 .
On Monday , VeriSign , which serves as the central directory for .com and .net addresses , introduced a service known as Site Finder .
But he said the offer from Chubb , after a search committee had screened 160 candidates , gave him the opportunity to run a company .
Wal-Mart Sues Ex-Executive , Saying He Stole $ 500,000
By the end of 2006 , roughly 70 percent of Intel 's desktop chips and 85 percent of its server chips will be based on dual-core technology , according to company executives speaking at Intel 's semiannual developers ' conference in San Francisco .
But the company conceded defeat Monday , just hours before Mr. Bronfman 's group said it would buy Time Warner 's entire music unit for $ 2.6 billion , more than twice the cash EMI was offering for the recorded music group alone .
Rattled by a year of disheartening earnings and faced with ebbing investor confidence , Newell Rubbermaid announced yesterday that John J. McDonough , the chief executive esteemed for his vision but criticized for failing to carry it out smoothly , had resigned .
Mr. Kaplan , who is 59 , is among the most experienced , and most traveled , producers in TV news , having worked for ABC News , CNN and MSNBC as well as CBS over a 35-year career .
In Sun 's view , this Windows tailoring negates the cross-platform purpose of Java and violates the terms of Microsoft 's license .
No languid August afternoons this year for executives at the drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb .
When the tournament begins on Monday , Maria Sharapova will still wear clothes by Nike , for which she appears in ads , but the outfits have been designed just for her , with a day-to-evening wardrobe .
Northrop Grumman , which is based in Los Angeles , will build the central fuselage for the fighter , as well as design its radar and stealth systems , and will hire as many as 1,300 additional engineers by 2003 , the company says .
Trying to entice consumers with wild patterns referred to as Blue Dalmatian and Flower Power molded directly into the plastic of the popular iMac home computer , the chief executive of Apple Computer , Steven P. Jobs announced several new consumer-oriented products in Tokyo yesterday .
Last week , a new contender entered the field with a radically different approach to Internet movies : Netflix .
''I think 96 live games , with the ability to offer it on a digital tier that lets the customers choose whether they want it or not , is very attractive , '' said Fred Dressler , the executive vice president of Time Warner Cable .
Clearly , Microsoft hopes that its investment will prompt other cable operators to accelerate their own efforts .
''If you look at his background , you see he 's used to leading , '' said Anthony J. Hopp , chairman and chief executive at Campbell-Ewald in Warren , Mich. , the Interpublic agency that works for clients like Chevrolet , ''and he feels like a leader . ''
Citigroup Job Changes May Be Dress Rehearsal For Top Post in Future
Apple , of course , will sell just one version .
Last week , Interpublic indicated that it had identified overstatements amounting to about $ 45 million in net income and about $ 145 million in revenue that might have been improperly recognized during the buying spree of the late 1990 's .
For The News Corporation , the real appeal of Heritage lies in its two nonbroadcast operations : Actmedia , one of the country 's largest providers of on-shelf coupon dispensers to supermarkets and drugstores , and Dimac , a direct-mail marketing and consumer research company .
The proposed A.T. & T.-McCaw alliance is hardly the first sign that long-distance companies have cast an eye at local markets .
A Time Warner spokesman said the deadline had now passed for shareholders to nominate board members for the company 's annual meeting in May , as Mr. Icahn had threatened to do in pursuit of a plan to break up the company .
Nor did CBS publicly declare that cash would change hands in the deal , saying only that it was receiving value for its content .
''McDonald 's has been flailing for years because it 's having trouble getting a handle on an authentic story for the company at a time when customers are looking for authenticity , '' said David Altschul , president at Character , a consulting company in Portland , Ore. , that specializes in creating and reviving brand characters .
So at the eBay conference in June , Mr. Potter unveiled a new shoe-size shipping box .
The merger is among several cost-cutting moves being made as Interpublic grapples with financial and operational problems .
People close to Morgan Stanley also said that the firm expected its plan would cause less internal dissent than was the case at Merrill , where an unusually large number of brokers have defected to rivals since the firm announced its new on-line trading platform and pricing structure .
Paper wars begin in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial as both sides present court with book-sized documents detailing what each camp believes are facts of case ; photo of Justice Thomas Penfield Jackson , who is presiding over case ( M )
A Bitter Brew Of Earnings For Starbucks
To the Government , the appeal of Microsoft products is the potential cost saving and the ease of using its industry-standard programs .
Standard & Poor 's affirmed its AAA top rating for Merck bonds on Monday .
The takeover bid by Express Scripts is being orchestrated by its chief executive , George Paz , who joined the company in 1998 , as senior vice president and chief financial officer before becoming president in 2003 and then chief executive in 2005 .
The union is seeking assurances from Verizon that the company will not interfere with or actively discourage organizing activities at the wireless division , making it easier for the union to sign up employees .
When Gordon M. Bethune , chairman of Continental Airlines , ran Piedmont Airlines in the 1980 's before it was acquired by USAir , Piedmont had signed on to be the initial customer of a variant of the Boeing 737 , the 737-400 .
I.B.M .
For one , Pfizer warned only last Friday that Bextra , another of its drugs in the same class as Vioxx and Celebrex , increased the risks of heart attack and stroke in patients undergoing coronary-bypass surgery .
''Motorola really wanted to put a stake in the ground in the post-PC world , '' said Jonathan Cranin , a creative director at McCann-Erickson .
There , hundreds of new cars sat on a Union Pacific lot awaiting another company 's trucks to haul them to dealers .
In the quarter ended March 31 , Apple lost another $ 708 million .
And the full impact of Citigroup 's retail branch-building effort , an expensive endeavor , will not be realized for some time .
Lately , Amazon 's profit gains have slowed as it has invested heavily in teams of software engineers and computer scientists to build the technology for its new offerings .
AT & T , Writing Down Cable Assets , Posts Big Loss
But both he and the majority of the family have long harbored a deep dislike for the way Mr. Murdoch runs his newspapers .
The enormous leverage Wal-Mart has with its vendors is evident in Bentonville , Ark. , where Wal-Mart is based .
The 52-page consent order outlines specific steps I.B.M .
Last Tuesday , RealNetworks , the maker of a rival program to Media Player , said Microsoft was not ready to comply with the second order .
It was designed about 1890 by a little-known Tiffany artist , G. Paulding Farnham .
Small Marriott Investor Sues For Details on Its Operations
While McCann owns no entertainment publicity agencies , Interpublic owns one , Rogers & Cowan , through its Shandwick unit .
''Would we have been better off listing our books as auction items on eBay than as fixed-price merchandise on Half.com ? ''
Operating expenses for the quarter grew 5.3 percent compared with the quarter last year , as Verizon spent more on sales and marketing and added network capacity to handle new wireless subscribers .
Nor would you know it from the obituaries of Priceline 's euthanized name-your-price corporate cousin , WebHouse , which at its death was selling discounted groceries and gasoline online .
Ericsson , Motorola and Siemens will work together to develop games standard for wireless communications devices ( S )
The campaign , which begins on Sunday , is created by the Diet Coke agency , Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. Research was undertaken after the scrapping of ''Live it up , '' said Kristi Baxter , brand manager for Diet Coke at Coca-Cola in Atlanta , ''to better understand our consumers ' relationship to the brand . ''
Comcast clearly wanted Mediaone but was unable to form a bidding alliance with America Online , which was not in a position to issue more stock to pay its share because its stock price has been volatile .
''Our relationship with Microsoft has been getting better and better , '' Steven Jobs , Apple 's co-founder and chief executive , told the assembled thousands .
At the Palo Alto Research Center of Xerox during the 1970 's , he led a small research team focused on a programming language known as Smalltalk that was developed on a prototype personal computer called the Alto .
It processes 64 bits of data at a time , rath er than the 32 bits handled by Intel 's current crop of microprocessors .
''This is the first ray of light , '' said Scott Penberthy , an I.B.M .
While the trend could be considered an opportunity for Microsoft , which has long been the leading operating-system company , Linux has actually become the favored software used on the clusters .
Investors shrug off possibility that Microsoft Corp may have to break up in light of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's finding that company is a monopoly ; Microsoft 's stock falls $ 1.625 a share , to close at $ 90 , which is more than $ 87 a share reached in after-hours trading on Nov 5 , after decision was known ( Market Place column ) ( M )
That is because it can extrapolate from the behavior of the Homescan/Yahoo panel to predict the behavior of similar nonpanel members based on common surfing habits and demographic information .
executive testified today that the Microsoft Corporation had repeatedly raised the prices it charged the International Business Machines Corporation for its Windows operating system and had enforced other onerous licensing terms in retaliation for I.B.M .
Thus Con Edison is in a strong position as states in the Northeast allow customers to choose their electricity provider .
Intel has also contributed significant resources to the cause , including its own design for an inexpensive laptop computer , albeit one that is currently more expensive than Mr. Negroponte 's .
Billionaire Chicago family of Lester Crown teams up with New York developer Jerry I Speyer in $ 1.85-billion deal to purchase Rockefeller Center ; deal severs Rockefeller family 's remaining ties to world-famous 22-acre complex with its ten landmarked office buildings in heart of midtown Manhattan ; map ; Speyer and Crown family , five percent owners now , will acquire interests of David Rockefeller , Goldman Sachs Group , Agnelli family and Stavros Niarchos estate ; Speyer has run Center for last four years as president of Tishman Speyer ; sale reflects booming Manhattan real estate market ; property has doubled in value since Goldman Sachs bought it in 1996 for $ 900 million , after Japanese company walked away from what it thought was losing investment ; David Rockefeller , now 85 , recalls early memories of construction in 1929 ( M )
But Mr. Sebastian said that he saw challenges ahead for Sony and Microsoft , which sells the high-end configuration of the Xbox 360 for $ 499 .
''Microsoft 's tactic worked , '' Mr. Schmitt said .
Medtronic 's chief executive , Art Collins , in a statement , said that the company had ''cooperated fully with the government during its investigation of the allegations , and we believe our companywide efforts regarding business conduct and ethical practices assisted us in achieving a practical resolution of these cases . ''
For those worried that The New Yorker may be blurring the line between editorial content and commercialism , executives of the magazine and Target offered reassurances that there would be no equivalent of The New Yorker mascot , Eustace Tilley , staring at a butterfly through a monocle covered with a Target bull's-eye .
Goldman Sachs .
To achieve its goals , Intel has slipped a new design under the hood of its X86 chips .
The Lockheed Martin settlement may put pressure on Loral to settle that case .
While a planned initial public offering for Staples.com was shelved , it is not ''a failed dot-com . ''
To Microsoft , AOL , which completed its purchase of Netscape in 1999 , is merely seeking to gain in the courts what it lost in the marketplace .
In addition to the Coca-Cola Classic and Minute Maid brands , the products involved in the review include Dasani , Diet Coke , Fanta , Powerade , Sprite and Vanilla Coke .
In the Intel case , the basic facts are not in dispute .
That is a key factor behind Microsoft 's buoyant stock price , which has advanced 56 percent since the trial started .
The lawyers concluded that they could use the Chapter 11 proceedings of Harbison-Walker , which had collapsed under the weight of its asbestos liability , to lay the foundation for the Halliburton settlement .
Apple 's System 1.0 consisted of six files that took up 216 kilobytes of space .
Revenue of Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , rose 41 percent , to $ 8.7 billion .
The Pentagon contract given without competition to a Halliburton subsidiary to fight oil well fires in Iraq is worth as much as $ 7 billion over two years , according to a letter from the Army Corps of Engineers that was released today .
That alliance failed to materialize , however , because the cable companies worried that Microsoft would become too powerful a partner .
Wendy Riches , 54 , chairwoman and chief executive at Ogilvy One North America in New York , part of the Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide division of WPP Group P.L.C. , is leaving after almost three years to join the toy maker Hasbro Inc. in Pawtucket , R.I. , in the new position of president for global direct marketing and electronic commerce .
On Tuesday , William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , went even further than other company executives have in defending Microsoft 's conduct , which Judge Jackson called ''predatory '' and illegal in his ruling early this month .
''We look forward to working constructively with him , '' Microsoft 's associate general counsel for Europe , Horacio Gutiérrez , said in a statement .
State of the Art column describes Motorolas 's new Startac Clip-On Organizer , $ 250 device that clips onto back of its Startac cellular phone ; drawing ( M )
Mr. Mack has already welcomed three new directors -- Charles H. Noski , a former chief financial officer at AT & T ; Roy J. Bostock , a former advertising chief executive ; and O. Griffith Sexton , a former Morgan Stanley executive and professor of finance at Columbia Business School .
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , A.T. & T. shares fell 12.5 cents each , to $ 53.125 .
Procter & Gamble , the consumer products giant that makes Crest toothpaste and Tide detergent , ended merger talks yesterday with the drug concerns Warner-Lambert and American Home Products after investors panned the combination and Procter suffered its worst stock price decline since the market crash of 1987 .
But Aetna executives said they had no further plans to sell any other parts of the company .
For months , the deal has been criticized as beneficial to Boeing at the expense of taxpayers .
Cisco Buoyed By Earnings , But It Sees No Turnaround
Newmont Mining , which is based in Denver , appeared set today to win the contest to take over Normandy Mining of Australia with a bid of $ 2.2 billion .
''It has been very difficult for Pfizer to develop drugs , '' said Michael Krensavage , an analyst at Raymond James .
Ford Motor Co announces official opening of its assembly plant outside St Petersburg , Russia ; factory will produce 25,000 Ford Focus cars per year for Russian consumers ; $ 150 million factory is first car manufacturing plant in Russia that is fully owned by foreign producer ( S )
Procter & Gamble has run Web promotions for several other brands as well .
Target , which recently decided to match the $ 4 program at 1,287 pharmacies in 47 states , has declined to discuss whether it can turn a profit on the generic drugs in its plan .
Pfizer Inc 's teaser ads , intended to offer preview of new campaign for Viagra , are scheduled to begin Aug 11 as mobile billboards in Chicago , Los Angeles , New York and San Francisco ; plans to introduce actual campaign in late August ( S )
You can also use Apple 's Image Capture program to import certain images and leave the rest on the camera .
FleetBoston customers can expect easier transition than in past when FleetBoston acquired more than 50 other banks over last two decades because Bank of America has one of better reputations among larger banks for customer service ; American Customer Satisfaction Index , which is affiliated with University of Michigan Business School , consumers ' approval of Bank of America has risen steadily each of last three year , although that level of customer satisfaction is 5 percent below index 's rating of commercial banks overall ; chart ( M )
Advertising column on Wells BDDP 's loss of its biggest remaining account , Procter & Gamble Co , which cited management upheaval at agency for its decision to go elsewhere after 30 years ; loss will result in layoffs at Wells BDDP ; this is second time in 1990 's that Wells BBDP has been plagued by account losses and staff tumult ( M )
Ms. Erickson said the Boeing Company had reported four ''slips '' in its quality control system recently .
That has been an underpinning of Comcast 's argument to AT & T 's shareholders , and a strong one .
AMAZON.COM says it will be profitable in the fourth quarter of this year .
The shareholders of Venezuela 's largest telecommunications company approved a share buyback and dividend yesterday in the latest chapter of a takeover battle involving two prominent American companies , the AES Corporation and Verizon Communications .
Mr. Murray , the Microsoft spokesman , said that blocking the release of Windows 98 ''would be costly , disruptive to consumers , destructive to the high-technology industry , and it would undermine the strength and health of the U.S .
With half the inventory growth coming from flash memory chips and chip sets , Intel said the buildup would help it gain market share in those sectors .
Moreover , Intel engineers believe they have not reached the limits of this new technology and that in the future it may be possible to build chips that can store and retrieve three , four or even more bits on each transistor .
Mr. Nishi , a former director of research at Texas Instruments , said he did not see any fundamental obstacles to manufacturing the chip that I.B.M .
Facebook also sees marketing opportunities in its new Newsfeed feature , which lets users see all the new information and photos added by their friends in one place .
Those nonprescription sales account for about 30 percent of CVS 's revenue .
And big corporate customers -- burdened with debt , weak share prices and slow revenue growth -- are in no position to transact the kind of deals that fueled the bull market and kept the cash rolling in for Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs .
The problems represent a setback to Daniel P. Burnham , who took over as Raytheon 's chief executive in December 1998 after having had success running the aerospace business of AlliedSignal .
That is also the message at the conferences , both sponsored by Oracle , Mr. Jarvis said .
Verizon and SBC Communications have backed out of bidding for Worldcom Inc amid concerns that WorldCom 's core long-distance businesses face continued difficulties ; telecommunications experts say Verizon and SBC may have also been scared by WorldCom 's accounting practices ; some investors and analysts have worried that WorldCom has used aggressive accounting techniques in past , particularly in reporting revenue ; WorldCom spokesman Brad Burns says company does not have accounting issues ; shares have lost about 50 percent of their value since Jan 1 , closing at $ 6.97 , down $ 1.16 ; graph ( Market Place column ) ( M )
2 soft drink in France , behind Coca-Cola .
The International Lease Finance Corporation , the world 's biggest airline leasing company , ordered 50 of the Boeing Company 's 737 jets and tentatively ordered 50 more .
Five months after Sotheby 's announced a $ 25 million initiative to begin its own on-line auction business , it has entered into an alliance with Amazon.com .
ImClone Systems reapplies electronically to sell its cancer drug , Erbitux , but hits last-minute snafu with widespread power failures in Northeast ; ImClone Systems and its partner , Bristol-Myers Squibb have stumbled repeatedly in trying to get drug approved to treat colorectal cancer , but there is still hope that drug will overcome its difficult start and help thousands of patients ; ImClone asks for accelerated drug-approval process ( M )
Citigroup did surprisingly well in investment banking .
They promote Advantix , the Kodak version of the Advanced Photo System , which uses new technology developed with four other camera and film producers including Minolta and Fuji Photo .
Boeing said that Bush administration officials had been informed of its partnerships and had indicated their approval , but no one at the news conference here today would answer questions about how they would be received in Europe .
Boeing appears to have dug in since the walkout began , saying its rebuffed offer reflects its need to control costs when health spending is soaring and competition with Airbus , the European aircraft manufacturer , remains fierce .
He added in the report that the reduction in the market value of Vodafone from the forced sale of its stake in Verizon Wireless , capital gains tax and a bid premium would be about 9 pence a share , or $ 11.2 billion .
AT & T , the biggest Bell company , comprises the former SBC Communications and the AT & T long-distance business , which it acquired last year , adopting its name .
Although DR-DOS essentially duplicated the functions of MS-DOS , Microsoft could never challenge the product on legal grounds because MS-DOS itself was derived from CPM , an older operating system created by Digital Research .
Wal-Mart is appealing .
Wal-Mart Stores , the nation 's biggest retailer , announced yesterday that it was lowering its estimates of December sales growth in stores open at least a year .
Still , questions have also been raised about other Microsoft contracts .
Amazon.com and Toys 'R ' Us jointly open Imaginarium.com , online store for specialty and educational toys ( S )
Indeed , these Web sites are likely to feel an indirect , but not insignificant , impact from the announcement last week that the online auctioneer eBay intends to acquire PayPal , a system people use to make payments over the Internet .
Judge Murphy also faulted the way I.B.M .
A News Corporation spokesman said that strong video sales of ''Titanic '' and ''There 's Something About Mary '' also contributed to the gains .
While the group -- the Texas Pacific Group , Goldman Sachs & Company and Bain Capital -- is still talking with Diageo about a deal at a much lower price , about half a dozen suitors that were rejected when Burger King was first put up for sale are considering new offers .
Microsoft , meanwhile , hopes that its stake in AT & T Comcast gives it an inside track to supply the combination with software for more advanced set-top boxes that the cable industry is expected to roll out over the next several years , as television increasingly becomes digital .
Some analysts , who met with Oracle executives today at the company 's headquarters in Redwood Shores , Calif. , predicted weaker revenue and profit .
That offer , first reported by The Wall Street Journal , was confirmed yesterday by two industry executives , one briefed on the deal by Facebook and the other by Yahoo .
''Humana was a very aggressive player , '' said John Erb , a consultant in Boca Raton , Fla. , with Arthur J. Gallagher & Company .
Hybrids , vehicles that save gasoline by combining electric motors with internal combustion engines , are first alternative-powered cars to show signs of catching on with automakers and some consumers since automobile 's early days ; Toyota and Honda offer models -- all small cars -- and General Motors and Ford plan to join them ; hybrid 's rise is result of pressure from environmentalists and regulators , particularly California rules curbing greenhouse gases and smog-forming pollutants ; hybrid 's battery is recharged by internal combustion engine and by collecting energy when car brakes ; battery powers electric motor that supplements , or takes over for , gasoline-powered engine ; hybirds cost few thousand dollars more than conventional cars ; about 150,000 have been sold worldwide since their introduction in late 1990 's ; carmakers appear ready for much broader rollout ; Ford plans to sell first hybrid sport utility vehicle , and even Army is considering hybrid diesel combat vehicle built by GM ; photos ; graph ; diagram ( L )
Wal-Mart has come under severe criticism because it insures less than half its United States work force and because its employees routinely show up , in larger numbers than employees of other retailers , on state Medicaid rolls .
With Wal-Mart opening more supercenters , grocery stores will also face increased competition .
By waiting until next year to complete work on Copland , Apple would risk allowing Microsoft to erase the lead entirely , in effect ending the Cupertino , Calif. , company as a significant force in the desktop computer market .
''We started with McCann and Anderson & Lembke with the hope they would bring us a solution that would knock our socks off , '' said Rob Schoenben , director for integrated marketing communications for the Microsoft business and enterprise division .
The Government and the Microsoft Corporation , not surprisingly , offered the court two entirely different stories .
There will now be three different auction sites , all available by clicking on Amazon.com .
Citigroup said that it bought back about $ 5.5 billion worth of company stock during the third quarter .
Oracle has long been known as one of the most aggressive acquirers of technology companies .
Exxon Is Preparing Return To Rebel Area in Indonesia
Strong Growth Is Continued By Cisco Systems in Quarter
New study of competition and innovation in computer software industry raises questions about truism linking two together ; study found that crucial variable in determining software innovation is not competition but health of company : the more sucessful the company , the less incentive it has to innovate ; research provides ammunition for both Microsoft Corp 's defenders and its detractors ( S )
The most recent Coca-Cola Enterprises annual report , which devotes an entire page to the company 's operations in Belgium , says that Belgians are among the most enthusiastic Coke drinkers in Europe .
Using the add-remove feature in Windows , Microsoft says , deletes only about 3 percent of programming language in Explorer , removing the icon for opening the browsing program and little more .
Separately , Sun Microsystems Inc. , which a year ago entertained the prospect of acquiring Apple , reported record revenues and earnings for its second quarter , exceeding analyst estimates .
Morgan Stanley 's underwriting business is in many ways the cream of its franchise -- along with its mergers and acquisitions division .
Federal Aviation Administration will conduct special three-month safety audit of Boeing 's factories , after learning that company built hundreds of airplanes that did not meet approved designs ; wants to determine whether errors , which do not pose immediate safety threat , are indicative of systemic issues in company 's production system ; agency director Beth Erickson comments ( M )
He cited his company 's agreement to share some news reports with NBC News and with MSNBC , the cable news and Internet outlets that are , in turn , a joint venture between the television network , which is owned by General Electric , and Microsoft .
Applied Materials Inc , world 's largest manufacturer of chip-making equipment , reports third-quarter net of $ 41 million , or 5 cents a share , beating Wall Street expectations by 2 cents a share ; revenue for quarter was $ 1.33 billion , down from $ 2.73 billion in year-earlier period ( S )
Cisco Systems selects New York and San Francisco offices of DarkGrey , technology unit of Grey Global Group , to handle its advertising account , with spending estimated at $ 50 million to $ 60 million ; account was handled by Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos ( S )
Accuses Xerox of Accounting Abuses
He said he had expected that a suspension imposed on Boeing by the Air Force that bars the company from bidding on military rocket launches , valued at $ 1 billion , would have been lifted by now .
TECHNOLOGY : Champion of Open-Source Is Out at Hewlett-Packard**Bruce Perens discusses his dismissal as Hewlett-Packard senior strategist for open-source software , interview ; cites his Microsoft-baiting became problem because merger with Compaq Computer made company heavily dependent on Microsoft 's Windows software ; holds Microsoft is out to crush free GNU Linux operating system ; photo ( M )
L. Nardelli , president and chief executive of Home Depot , said in a conference call with analysts that sales of energy-efficient products , paints and appliances were primarily responsible for the growth .
For now , the hardest part of Comcast 's broadband is guessing how big it will become .
The initiative has received the support of I.B.M. , Hewlett-Packard , Dell , Advanced Micro Devices , Sun Microsystems and Microsoft , among others .
Lawyers presented vastly different views of the software market on Tuesday when they presented closing arguments in the government 's lawsuit to block Oracle 's proposed $ 7.7 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft .
Canadian Auto Workers Union , which represents 46,000 Canadian auto workers , chooses General Motors as its target -- company that it will negotiate new labor contract with first , to set pattern for contracts with others ; union says its most serious issues are with Ford Motor Co and DaimlerChrysler ; union president Buzz Hargrove says job security remains top concern ; current contracts in Canada are for three years , and expire at midnight Sept 17 ; photo ( M )
Eight advisory directors -- including S. Parker Gilbert , the former chief executive and Robert Scott , the former president -- sent a letter to the board complaining that the merger between Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter in 1997 has not benefited employees and shareholders .
For the same reasons , government officials would probably favor a direct appeal by Microsoft .
Four major publishers have agreed to open an online clearinghouse on the Internet portal Yahoo to sell their electronic books directly to readers , advancing their efforts to liberate themselves from reliance on online retailers in the nascent business of selling books in digital form .
Together , Chase and Morgan would have more than $ 650 billion in assets , ranking second to Citigroup 's $ 800 billion .
Earlier Tuesday , comScore , a market research company , released the results of a survey that showed Yahoo had lost considerable market share to Google in the last year .
James Murdoch is the only child still active in the company , where he is chief executive of British Sky Broadcasting , the satellite company based in London that is 34 percent owned by the News Corporation .
Overnite , a leading carrier of less-than-truckload shipments , never proved as complementary as expected with Union Pacific 's rail operations .
also sued Allstate .
The total does not include approximately $ 125 million that Citigroup has thus far agreed to lend Enron as part of debtor-in-possession financing , a type of loan made to companies once they have filed for bankruptcy protection .
Amgen Inc wins early round in lawsuit in which it is trying to protect its leading drug , Epogen , from competition ; Federal District Judge William G Young , in pretrial hearing , rules that Transkaryotic Therapies and Aventis have infringed on one Amgen patent covering anemia drug used for patients undergoing kidney dialysis or chemotherapy for cancer ( M )
The first meeting took place on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving , and several days later the two Silicon Valley companies were deeply involved in talks to Friday 's announcement of the $ 400 million merger that brought Mr. Jobs back to Apple .
The Whirlpool Corporation yesterday raised its bid for the Maytag Corporation , its competitor in the appliance market , to $ 1.62 billion in cash and stock .
The Government also introduced an E-mail from the chairman of his current employer , Oblix , saying the company depended on its relationship with Microsoft , adding , ''We need to be totally in bed with them . ''
But as soon as Compaq announced that it had reached a deal to make America Online its featured online service , Microsoft announced that if PC makers chose to place any competing software or services on the desktop screen , they had to put three Microsoft icons on as well -- one for the Internet Explorer browser , one for Microsoft Media Player , and one for its MSN Internet service .
And Sony and Kodak are in an intellectual property battle , with each company suing the other claiming patent infringement .
Since the beginning of the year , shares of Yahoo have risen about 25 percent , far outpacing gains by Google and most other major Internet companies .
When it comes to polo , or , more precisely , Polo , Ralph Lauren 's commercial sense has long outpaced the United States Polo Association 's .
Already , Boeing is no longer the daring industry leader that nearly bankrupted itself 30 years ago building the 747 jumbo jet .
A bright spot during the quarter was I.B.M .
Ms. Catz was at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette before joining Oracle last year .
Wells Fargo says that operating a do-it-yourself insurer in Vermont , rather than buying coverage from an independent insurance company , will save it money and increase the benefits it pays to workers .
''As efforts to block Wal-Mart stores in the continental United States continue , Wal-Mart desperately needs to be successful in South America and in southern Asia , '' he said .
Later that year , according to court records , Microsoft purchased Borland 's pending trademark applications for $ 1 million .
The national media buying is handled by General Motors Mediaworks in Warren , Mich. , which was formed by the Interpublic Group of Companies in 1993 to handle that task .
The dividend is payable on April 1 to shareholders of record on March 3 , Kodak said .
countercomplaint contending that the United States unfairly supports Boeing 's airline business through a variety of means , including military programs that subsidize its commercial operations .
Systems based on Intel 's Core 2 Extreme , aimed at video game enthusiasts , are already available , the company said .
Time Warner had indicated it would resume discussions once its acquisition of Turner Broadcasting System was completed .
Citigroup is changing marketing and other practices at its consumer lending business , CitiFinancial , and they appear to address some of criticisms about marketing of credit insurance that were cited in FTC lawsuit ; is trying to complete negotiations to settle lawsuit ( M )
''Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft-J .
He concluded the E-mail by asking his aides , ''Do we have a clear plan on what we want Apple to do to undermine Sun ? ''
But selling the single-aisle , twin-engine 737 is not nearly as lucrative for Boeing as selling wide-body models like the 747 and 777 .
A profit warning from the company on Tuesday sent shares in Verizon down more than 12 percent , and yesterday they fell an additional 3.7 percent , to $ 40.50 a share .
During that period , Pfizer representatives said publicly that the company had no evidence that either Celebrex or Bextra caused the kind of heart problems found in a large study of Vioxx .
''We told Time Warner that we would deal with the individual operating companies .
Instead , his agency , with the help of a retired I.B.M .
With about 40 percent of all Microsoft shares in the hands of people who live in the Puget Sound region , the recent plunge in the company 's stock , coupled with sharp declines in the shares of many Internet companies , could be the beginning of a major jolt to the area .
Rumors that hedge funds suffered large losses tied to debt of General Motors prompt nervous selling on world stock markets , even though rumors can not be substantiated ; shares of banks with connections to hedge funds , including Deutsche Bank , J P Morgan Case , Morgan Stanley , Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns and Goldman Sachs , fall sharply ; investors are uneasy about increasing ties of hedge funds to Wall Street , relative secrecy of their operations and recent flood of money into funds , which appear to some to have earmarks of investment bubble ; funds that are subject of rumors include Highbridge Capital Management and GLG Partners ; graph ( M )
One measure would essentially rewrite the consent decree that broke up AT & T , giving the seven regional Baby Bell telephone companies greater freedom to provide long-distance service and make equipment .
Vornado also installed two banks , Bank of America and Wachovia , on the Third Avenue side of its skyscraper .
Frank Quattrone has never minced words about his lack of love for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , the firm he left two years ago to head up DMG Technology Group , the technology banking arm of Deutsche Bank A.G. ''We left Morgan Stanley and showed we could do everything , '' Mr. Quattrone , an investment banker who is the group 's chief executive , boasted recently .
MCI shareholders would receive Verizon shares worth no less than $ 14.75 even if the stock price fell below that level .
The courtroom incident focused on a matter of timing : when the executive , Daniel Rosen , had known that a software rival was making an Internet browser to run on the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system .
I.B.M .
Once Bluetooth gains widespread acceptance , said John Patrick , vice president for Internet technology at I.B.M. , ''you wo n't buy a product without it . ''
Correction : May 14 , 2004 , Friday Because of an editing error , an obituary on April 20 about James R. Cantalupo , chairman and chief executive of McDonald 's , misstated his role in the company 's Hong Kong expansion .
Comcast Corp executives and their advisers meet to consider making offer for entertainment businesses of Vivendi Universal SA ; Liberty Media reports preliminary financial results showing its loss in second quarter narrowed to $ 464 million compared with $ 3.1 billion year earlier ; revenue fell to $ 500 million from $ 510 million ( M )
Yahoo , America Online and Microsoft have each announced plans to add new phone services to future versions of their instant messaging programs .
Rupert Murdoch 's decision to cancel O J Simpson television and book project by subsidiaries of News Corp is rare acknowledgment that there are limits ; Murdoch 's media programming has filled lucrative niche by never being afraid to push limits of taste ; Murdoch scuttles venture after it generated outrage both within and outside his company even as copies of Simpson book were en route to bookstores and as publicity for coming TV special on Fox was under way ; Murdoch says venture was ill-conceived project ; apologizes to families of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson for any pain issue has caused ; photo ( M )
Annual earnings for 2004 also included an after-tax gain of $ 756 million , or 15 cents a share , on the sale of Citigroup 's stake in the Samba Financial Group of Saudi Arabia .
also upheld a $ 550,000 fine leveled at CBS for the Janet Jackson breast-baring incident during the halftime show at the 2004 Super Bowl .
Goodyear , still the market leader in the United States , has just stepped up its advertising , particularly of tires for sport utility vehicles .
AT & T contends that if regulators allow it to absorb BellSouth , the larger company will be able to reduce costs , lower prices and better integrate landline and cellphone offerings .
Some analysts have questioned whether Pfizer may have miscalculated in its attempt to take over Warner-Lambert , especially if the company risks losing its take of the Lipitor revenue .
One finding that intrigues polling experts is that while Microsoft 's favorable ratings fell , so did the percentage of people who have an unfavorable opinion of the company -- to 11 percent among computer users last month , down from 17 percent in the fall of 1997 .
Yahoo 's main service , free to users and supported by on-line advertising , is a navigation and search engine , which finds material on the Web based on key words or phrases that the computer user types in .
( The smell of Starbucks coffee was deemed too difficult to duplicate . )
Well , Brian L. Roberts , Comcast 's chief executive , could not find a larger , more friendly piggy bank than the one in Redmond , Wash. , Microsoft 's corporate headquarters .
He forced Paul Maritz , a group vice president at Microsoft who is a product and marketing whiz ( but not an economist ) , to defend the company 's thinnest economic argument -- that it is not a monopoly .
The Cigna plan , which is subject to approval by Pennsylvania 's Insurance Department , would create one group of strong subsidiaries that would sell new policies and another group of weaker subsidiaries that would be responsible for paying environmental and asbestos claims , but would not sell new policies .
Wal-Mart now has about 20 percent of the market , said Chris Byrne , a toy consultant based in Manhattan , and Target has about 18 percent , while Toys ''R '' Us has dipped to 17 .
Cleveland Clinic Foundation 's chief academic officer Eric J Topol has come under scrutiny for potential conflicts of interest with pharmaceutical companies ; Topol has dones work for drug companies like Eli Lilly , Medicines Co and partnership with Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis ; report in December by Fortune magazine said that Topol , leading critic of drug Vioxx , was paid consultant to hedge fund that had made money betting that shares of Merck , Vioxx 's maker , would fall ; Topol severed his ties with that firm ; said he had no knowledge of firm 's investment position ; Cleveland Clinic says it is overhauling its ethics policies , and will present them to board for approval , perhaps within weeks ; few academic centers go as far as preventing researchers from studying drug or device from company in which they have any financial interest ; Cleveland Clinic is trying to avoid outright bans by asking researchers to disclose their ties and trying to minimize effect of conflicts ; Delos M Cosgrove , who took over as clinic 's chief executive , says he does not believe that across-the-board restrictions are desirable ; graph ; photos ( M )
Amazon will keep its three-month old auction business , which can be reached on its general Web site .
In an age when many advertisers seek attention by shocking consumers or by using drama , the straightforwardness of the Oracle ads is striking .
Dataquest releases figures showing worldwide personal computer market grew by 16.3 percent in third quarter compared with year-earlier quarter ; in global market , IBM and Toshiba showed sharpest increases and Apple Computer and Packard Bell the biggest losses in market share in US ; US PC market grew 12.5 percent in quarter , with Intel and Intel-compatible segment of market up more than 20 percent ( M )
Coca-Cola officials also announced the creation of a new senior management position yesterday .
Microsoft 's Hometown Sees Cause for Optimism
Citigroup 's announcement means that Mr. Menezes , another executive who had been considered in the running for the top job at Citigroup , will no longer have a business line reporting to him .
Intel 's Profit Up Sharply As Chip Sales Stay Strong
A Struggling Adobe Rejects Bid by Quark
The commission shares the fears of some competitors that the merged company would use the leasing unit to extend its dominance from the aircraft engine market , where it manufactures more than half the world 's big jet engines , to avionics and specialized aircraft parts , where Honeywell is very strong .
He is the first to face charges in the onslaught that hindered access to the World Wide Web sites of Yahoo , eBay and E*Trade , among others , and forced hundreds of other big-name sites to shore up their defenses against an invisible and far-flung threat .
Indeed , Ronald B. Woodard , the president of Boeing 's commercial airplane group , told reporters during the same conference call yesterday that work on the so-called next-generation 737 had fallen further behind in the last three weeks after having recovered somewhat since October .
General Motors Corp is broadly struggling and facing humbling possibility that it will be displaced by Toyota at top of auto industry within few years ; GM , which controlled nearly half American market as recently as late 1970 's , held about one-quarter in February ; company said last week it will produce 300,000 fewer cars and trucks in North America in first half of year , 10 percent drop from year ago ; chief executive Rick Wagoner saye he believes company can weather the strom ; graph ; photo ( M )
Last week , after winning a court order that forces the company to unbundle the two software programs , he escalated the fight when he asked a judge to hold Microsoft in contempt .
Federal prosecutors bring first insider trading charges after probe into possible illegal trading that occurred in shares of Lotus Development Corp before it was bought by IBM in 1995 ; Robert M Cassano and Gerad P Mazzone are accused of participating in schemes that generated $ 200,000 in illegal profits for total of six people ; schemes allegedly stemmed from leak from IBM employee , a relative of Cassano 's , concerning IBM 's confidential plans to buy Lotus ; relative has not been identified ; Cassano is accused of passing merger information on to Mazzone , and suggesting that he buy shares of Lotus and secretly share any profits with him ; Mazzone is said to have told three other people about pending Lotus offer ; Mazzone is also charged with witness tampering and perjury in connection with his attempts to dissuade witness from testifying truthfully to Securities and Exchange Commission ( M )
Rather than ''search engines , '' as Yahoo and the others were originally known , these companies are redefining themselves as audience-aggregating ''portals '' to the Web .
Meanwhile , Cisco 's biggest Internet telephony client is ICG Communications Inc. , a medium-sized communications carrier .
Verizon Wireless will acquire wireless operations in California , Georgia , Ohio and Tennessee from Dobson Communications for about $ 465 million ( S )
And yet , according to the committee of Verizon 's board that determines his compensation , Mr. Seidenberg earned his pay last year as the company exceeded ''challenging '' performance benchmarks .
The rise of Internet-based computing poses a continuing challenge , which has been called the post PC era , to Microsoft .
Robert Litan , a former senior official in the Justice Department 's antitrust division , says Microsoft made a severe tactical blunder .
This agreement , unlike many other merger contracts , does not enable Time Warner to walk away no matter how much AOL 's stock price falls , Mr. Bressler said .
Last year , for the first time since a closely watched study began tracking productivity , General Motors was more efficient than the Ford Motor Company in building cars .
The long-term risks are substantial , given Mr. Murdoch 's investment of $ 6.6 billion for control of Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV operation from General Motors .
He said that as a result of its decision to license clones , Apple was much more aggressive than it had been , and that he expected Apple to soon increase its direct-marketing business .
''It 's painful when someone walks in and takes sales right from under me , '' said Shawn Collins , who runs a number of sites that feed customers to Amazon and other merchants .
Wieden & Kennedy , which joined the Microsoft agency roster in 1994 , retains the large assignment of creating corporate campaigns to promote the Microsoft brand .
Before Gerald M. Levin , chief executive of Time Warner , agreed to merge his company into America Online ( front page , Jan. 11 ) , did he check out the service that AOL offers ?
The two sides are largely in agreement over wages , benefits and a concession from Verizon allowing the unions to organize more easily in the company 's wireless division .
World Business Briefing | Asia : Japan : Yahoo Profit Rises
''The Microsoft case is aberrational in terms of how complicated these cases get , '' said Joseph Angland , a partner in the antitrust group of the New York law firm of Dewey Ballantine .
As part of Micron 's ''New Rules , New Tools '' campaign , Mr. Rosenfelt is trying to persuade college athletic officials to change the rules and replace the coin toss with a game of paper , scissors , stone .
Johnson & Johnson , which lost its command of the plain-metal stent market in the 1990 's after failing to innovate quickly enough , had the disadvantage in this case of being the first to the market , Mr. Gunderson said .
In turn , Wakeup Wal-Mart is led by , among others , Paul Blank , former political director for the Howard Dean presidential campaign , and Chris Kofinis , who helped create the DraftWesleyClark.com campaign .
Whether that would happen to Microsoft depends both on how the company would be broken up and on whether the extraordinary valuation investors now give it would extend to Microsoft 's parts .
Article 219476 in Microsoft 's Knowledge Base at support.microsoft.com has more suggestions for improving the performance of Word 2002 .
Go to support.microsoft.com and search the Knowledge Base for Article ID No .
''Everything around you is always changing , '' he said , reciting a line posted inside Wal-Mart offices around the world .
The three senators -- Charles E. Grassley of Iowa , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee ; John McCain of Arizona , a longtime critic of Boeing ; and John W. Warner , chairman of the Armed Services Committee -- said in the letter that allowing Boeing to deduct payments to settle government ethics charges ''would be unacceptable . ''
Seoul District Court rejects suit by French manufacturer Dassault Aviation demanding disqualification of Boeing Co as winner of contract to build 40 fighter planes for South Korean Air Force at cost of more than $ 4 billion ; says there is no reason to disqualify Boeing just because it raised price of its bid and did not guarantee that South Korean manufacturers would produce as much of plane as stipulated by South Korea 's defense ministry ( S )
Analysts are divided on what the program is likely to cost Pfizer .
Most of the refurbishing at Palmdale was done by workers from Boeing and United Space Alliance , a Boeing spokesman , Dan Beck , said .
Within four days after iTunes began offering a PC version of its technology this month , one million PC users had downloaded the software , Apple reports .
For Sun , a computer maker and software company that has been struggling along with the dot-com and telecommunications industries , offering an inexpensive alternative to Microsoft 's products is an effort to find new customers .
The apology by M. Douglas Ivester , chairman and chief executive of Coca-Cola , the world 's leading soft-drink company , came as French Government officials said that 80 people there had complained about nausea , fever and headaches .
The free Web service ''is a way for the merchant to stay directly in touch with their users , and it allows us to directly promote our services such as Yahoo mail and Yahoo instant messaging , '' Mr. Mallet said .
European governments have been casting about for a military transport plane to reduce their reliance on American companies like Boeing and Lockheed Martin for decades .
While at MTV , Mr. Herzog was credited with building the channel 's news operation and expansion into regular programs like the game show ''Remote Control , '' the concert series ''Unplugged '' and the much-talked-about cinema-verite summer series , ''Real World . ''
The news sent Boeing shares tumbling $ 4.125 , or 7.6 percent , to $ 49.875 , on volume of nearly 31 million shares , the most heavily traded stock , as analysts scrambled to lower their earnings estimates and downgrade their recommendations .
Intel , a Dow component , rose $ 1.57 , to $ 24.77 .
He trimmed his first-quarter revenue estimates for the big software maker yesterday , and Microsoft 's stock price fell sharply , taking the Nasdaq market and the shares of most technology companies with it .
Yahoo shares are not going to $ 200 again .
He is suing Wal-Mart for wrongful discharge , libel , invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
Microsoft Corp and Bush administration announce some modest changes in proposed settlement of government 's antitrust case ; modifications and recent flurry of court filings over merits and shortcomings of settlement plan represent final maneuvering before Federal Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly begins separate but related proceedings on March 6 to consider deal , as well as tougher list of sanctions being sought by nine states that have chosen not to join in settlement ( M )
Verizon said it would appeal the ruling .
His company 's software would replace the armies of consultants who maintain these systems , threatening turf occupied by I.B.M .
AT & T combined those companies with a small independent Latin American phone company called FirstCom to form AT & T Latin America .
''The success of the campaign will truly be based on how McDonald 's can convert trials to increased repeat visits , '' he added , referring to the curious younger consumers who may be drawn in by the more modern aspects of the ads .
I.B.M. , Microsoft and BEA Systems -- companies that are usually software competitors -- are joining in a new consortium to try to accelerate the development of what they regard as the next-generation technology of the Internet , called Web services .
The stock market has not been kind to telecommunications companies recently , and people close to AT & T said that the change in wording could indicate that AT & T might wait until the fourth quarter or even early 2003 to issue the tracking shares .
's new advertising campaign , timed to the developer event , which challenges Intel to a competition of dual-core processors .
YouTube is coming to mobile phones -- or , to be more precise , a small slice of YouTube is coming to some Verizon Wireless phones .
Speaking at the company 's developer conference in San Jose , Calif. , Paul S. Otellini , the president of Intel , demonstrated a prototype of a hand-held device called the Universal Communicator that is based on an Intel processor and can automatically switch between Wi-Fi and cellular networks .
With about four million share owners , AT & T is among the nation 's most widely held companies .
Citigroup 's latest acquisitions have paid off for shareholders fairly quickly .
With cellular telephone sales slackening amid fierce competition and semiconductor demand slowing sharply in Asia , some analysts said it was surprising that Motorola 's revenue was down just 3 percent from a year ago .
The AT & T Corporation and the Lin Broadcasting Corporation found themselves late yesterday on opposite sides of a $ 2.66 billion gap in the value of Lin , which AT & T has been planning to acquire in full .
''The union feels that business is better for Boeing and that the union has more leverage , '' he said .
The company said that to acquire options with a target value of $ 18,000 , for example , a manager would have to first purchase $ 9,000 in I.B.M .
Last March , the city granted Home Box Office , another division of Time Warner , an $ 11 million tax break after it decided to renew its lease at the northeast corner of 42d Street and the Avenue of the Americas , opposite Bryant Park .
If the aging demographics of the ''CBS Evening News '' do not improve -- the median viewer 's age is just over 60 years old -- selling spots to advertisers could grow more difficult .
So , stripping out income from international stores , which was some $ 22 billion , Wal-Mart accounts for nearly 5 percent of the entire American pie .
Intuit has announced that Quicken upgrades curing the Year 2000 problems will be available without charge by next June .
and Microsoft .
Amgen has about 98 percent of the market for white cell boosters , a virtual monopoly , according to the lawsuit .
In addition to the Interpublic accounting firm , PricewaterhouseCoopers , Deloitte Touche has been helping with the investigation .
He argues that Microsoft has a huge temptation to pursue a strategy of locking in the developers , as the company did with the desktop PC .
Microsoft adamantly denies that it has broken any laws .
Gerald M. Levin , the chairman and chief executive of Time Warner , has said that music will be the first entertainment business to benefit from the Internet .
Whether they trade commodities at Goldman Sachs or mortgage-backed bonds at Bear Stearns , these people have produced anywhere from $ 25 million to $ 100 million in revenue for their firms , banking executives say .
In fact , until yesterday morning , many were recommending that their clients buy Waste Management stock on the basis of Mr. LeMay 's anticipated plans to turn the company around .
Michael D. Eisner , chief executive of the Walt Disney Company , said he was not concerned about the studio 's box office rankings , but whether the films make money .
Norwegian Cruise Line , which like Carnival is based in Miami , has an 8.5 percent market share and eight ships , including the aging but graceful Norway , the former S.S. France , which was built in 1960 and is still the longest cruise ship ever ( 1,035 feet ) .
The partnership involves one of San Francisco 's best-known addresses , the reddish-brown granite Bank of America building at 555 California Street , which counts Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers among its tenants .
Priceline.com Is Selling a $ 190 Million Stake to Two Investors
Pfizer 's 8,000 sales representatives in the United States had been selling Celebrex , which generates $ 2 billion a year in sales , with Pharmacia .
Christine Varney , a lawyer who worked for Netscape Communications , recalled Mr. Malone asking for a briefing from software engineers on how Microsoft melded its browser into the Windows operating system .
Goldman Sachs Group chairman-chief executive Henry M Paulson Jr apologizes for suggesting last week that most of highly paid employees at investment bank seem expendable ; says he gave 'glib and insensitive response ' when discussing possibility of more layoffs at Goldman ; photo ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc , asserting Federal antitrust officials do not understand office supply business , vow to 'vigorously contest ' the Federal Trade Commission 's decision to challenge their proposed merger ( M )
A senior Microsoft executive , reached by telephone from company headquarters in Redmond , Wash. , was dismissive of Mr. Gilder 's thesis .
Interpublic has also been grappling with financial and operational problems that have led it to restate earnings and delay its most recent quarterly reports .
Investors seemed pleased with the promotion , sending Xerox 's stock up 41 cents , to $ 8 .
There , a half-century ago , I.B.M .
Oracle is moving into the content management business from its mainstay database business .
Mr. Blodget calculates , for example , that before the merger America Online was trading at 55 times its pretax operating earnings , while Time Warner had a multiple of 14 .
Apple Computer will open retail outlets in 25 high-traffic shopping areas across nation by end of 2001 , in foray into direct sales to customers ; photo ( M )
As to the other charge , that Microsoft had tried to push Apple out of the market for multimedia software for Windows , Mr. Engstrom acknowledged that it was true .
Enron 's modern era dates back to the mid-1980 's , and throughout that period Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase have been there to lend with both hands .
On Monday , the Justice Department asked Oracle for more information before it rules on whether its proposed takeover of PeopleSoft would violate antitrust rules .
Today , Motorola 's software , integrated circuits and semiconductor divisions in Bangalore and Delhi have 1,200 employees .
FirstEnergy managers had their work cut out for them before the summer disasters struck .
Sambazon buys açaí from more than 750 families organized into four fruit cooperatives in the Várzea Flooded Forest , an unusual microclimate in Pará state where the Amazon river rises over 30 feet every year and floods the surrounding jungle .
If Pfizer decides that the pharmacies are ordering more drugs than they need to meet Canadian demand , it will cut off or curtail shipments to them , the company said .
But now , rather than trying to address those concerns , Monsanto , the industry and official Washington were dismissing them as the insignificant worries of the uninformed .
On Friday , in a similar ''John Doe '' case that produced a lawsuit , a Florida appeals court let stand a lower-court ruling that required Yahoo and America Online to divulge the identity of people who posted messages critical of Eric Hvide , the former chief executive of Hvide Marine Inc. Mr. Hvide claimed in court that the comments had caused him to lose his job .
Some trade specialists regard the commission 's tough stance on Microsoft , combined with its investigations of Intel and Qualcomm , as part of the trend in Brussels to use antitrust measures to pursue a policy of managed competition .
Gap , which became synonymous with its TV marketing starting in the early 1990 's -- there was a dancing Lenny Kravitz in tight jeans , and later , a dancing Sarah Jessica Parker in a hot pink sweater -- said it would rather invest in less-expensive advertising like magazine inserts .
Yesterday , Mr. McLeod sent AT & T a ''cease and desist '' letter , asserting that consumers might infer a link between the company and his anti-corporate publication , ''Freedom of Expression . ''
Ms. Sengstacke recently dismissed Northern Trust and is embarking on the delicate task of finding a successor trustee and investors willing to step into the middle of a classic family business problem .
By March 15 , he and Wit had concluded that $ 7 a share was indeed a fair price for Staples.com , based on its estimated revenue for 2001 and 2002 and potential cash flow from 2001 to 2005 .
John F. Welch Jr. was supposed to be retired from General Electric by now , his legacy as corporate America 's most-admired manager firmly intact .
After that action , Citigroup decided that it would also close Cititrust and Banking , a subsidiary that provides investment management services and advice on investing in real estate to wealthy individuals and institutions .
's commercial property was being misappropriated by Motorola and Sports Team Analysis and Tracking Systems , known as Stats Inc .
Guests traveling with laptops equipped with a wireless network card can log on anywhere in the hotel , Mr. Dandapani said , comparing it to the wireless service offered by Starbucks .
''The business travel industry is certainly in a recovery mode , '' said Matthew Davis , the director of global consulting for American Express .
The discussions at Citigroup are continuing , and bankers and executives say that no final decision has been reached .
Merck did not say how much it expected to get for Medco , but analysts speculated that it could sell for anywhere from $ 6 billion to $ 15 billion .
Oracle reports better-than-expected earnings in its second quarter ; posts net income of $ 617 million compared with $ 535 million year earlier ; revenue rose 8.2 percent , to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.3 billion year ago ; chief executive Lawrence J Ellison comments ; photo ( M )
Sometimes Wal-Mart 's demands can cause unhappy ripple effects for a supplier .
In most cases , Microsoft would prefer to have its lawyers take over the case if a partner is sued .
The Starr International Company , a private holding company that owns 12 percent of American International Group and a compensation vehicle for A.I.G .
France Telecom , which pioneered quirky Minitel on-line information service years before anyone ever heard of World Wide Web , announces plans to update its system ; French telephone company , working with International Business Machines Corp , says it will develop a network to let customers surf the Internet with simple and cheap screen-based telephones , which would also be inexpensive ( M )
But Morgan Stanley hopes to ambush Merrill by giving all its customers an on-line trading option immediately , beating Merrill 's planned start date by at least six weeks , people close to Morgan Stanley said .
''We have done the right thing not only to accelerate our growth , '' he added , ''but also our ability to deliver a broad range of services seamlessly and smoothly by making available new services in the Interpublic family . ''
Consider Time Warner 's own experience .
Boeing owns 40 percent , RSC-Energia of Moscow 25 percent , Kvaerner Maritime a.s. of Oslo 20 percent , and KB Yuzhnoye and PO Yuzhmash of Dnepropetrovsk , the Ukraine , 15 percent .
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call expect Yahoo to post second-quarter sales of $ 1.08 billion .
Priceline did say that its revenue from other categories -- including bidding for hotel rooms and long-distance telephone calls -- would grow by 20 percent in the third quarter .
Under the agreement , announced after the close of regular stock trading , Electronic Arts will pay $ 27 a share in cash for Jamdat , which was founded in 2000 and went public in 2004 .
One of the most satisfying moments for me in these last two months was attending the 20th anniversary of a volunteer group of retired Honeywell employees .
Qwest 's proposed confidentiality agreement with Frontier , people close to the talks said , has a stand-still provision that says Qwest can not initiate a tender offer or submit a revised proposal , even if Global Crossing raises its bid .
Some analysts said the job cuts were overdue and should go deeper because Boeing , which had been slow to modernize its production methods , produced less revenue per employee than its main competitor , the European consortium Airbus Industrie .
At the J. Walter Thompson Company in New York , part of the WPP Group , Roger Rowe was named executive vice president and worldwide creative director for the Warner-Lambert consumer group account , now part of Pfizer .
According to the physicians committee , Dr. Zemel has received $ 1.68 million in research grants from the National Dairy Council and at least $ 275,000 from General Mills for research on yogurt and calcium-fortified cereals .
The recent talks between the companies preceded public comments yesterday by Johnson & Johnson 's vice chairman , Robert J. Darretta Jr. , that the company was reviewing its options under the terms of the Guidant deal .
's investment group , AIG Highstar , appear to have bought the business , called the CMS Panhandle Companies , at a significant discount to the nearly $ 2.2 billion that CMS paid for the business when it acquired the pipeline from Duke Energy in 1999 .
No sooner had investors received word of that deal than General Electric 's medical systems ' unit said that it would buy Marquette Medical Systems Inc. , a maker of heart monitoring machines , for about $ 808 million in stock .
Still , the sterling numbers from Goldman Sachs and Lehman mask a continuing slump in their investment banking and equities capital markets business that is likely to show up in the results of Morgan Stanley and Bear , Stearns , which report on Wednesday , and Merrill Lynch , which follows a month later .
''The Chevron people will slowly push the Texaco people out of the way , '' he predicted .
At the same time , Microsoft -- which made a flurry of investments in the 1990 's that led many media executives to say they feared that Microsoft might overwhelm them -- has recently focused on its basic software business .
''Our concern is that Yahoo , as far as we know , is continuing this practice , '' said Morton Sklar , executive director of the World Organization for Human Rights USA and a lawyer for the plaintiffs .
But Mr. Winer , even as he continues to interact with Microsoft 's programmers , remains deeply suspicious of the company 's motives .
Netflix 's advantage comes from having started when DVD 's were rare and having developed a big lead in customers , revenue and brand recognition .
Investment bank W R Hambrecht & Co uses method it calls OpenIPO to use auctions to sell initial public offering of stock ; Google used system when search company went public 18 months ago ; Dutch auction process collects bids from interested investors and groups them by how much each is willing to pay until it reaches highest price company can sell all shares ; Hambrecht worked with Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse to manage Google 's IPO ; popularity of auction method has grown since success of sale ; photos ( M )
At least three of them would be Microsoft offerings .
Johnson & Johnson , though , contends that the handful of cases of red cell aplasia in users of its competitors ' drugs are evidence that the problem , whatever it is , goes beyond Eprex .
European Commission gives clearance to General Electric to buy business loans division of ABB Ltd , which employs of 500 people in 11 countries , for $ 2.3 billion ; Swiss industrial giant ABB is reducing its debt ( S )
''Nike 's goal is to reach a point where labor practices can be tested and verified in much the same manner that financial audits determine a company 's compliance with generally accepted accounting principles . ''
Cisco Planning an Alternative To Traditional Switch Systems
The company said it would sell some of Adobe 's products in the takeover to eliminate regulatory obstacles .
Rocket carrying communications satellite into orbit will be launched from floating platform in Pacific Ocean -- a space-age first ; venture , known as Sea Launch , if sucessful , will be technical feat that significantly increases payload weight that rocket can carry by simply starting trek in right place -- at the Equator rather than higher latitudes where most spaceports are found ; 20-story-tall rocket will rise from launching platform that is modified oil-drilling platform ; 660-foot ship will serve as floating mission control and rocket assembly plant ; Boeing Co owns 40 percent of joint venture ; its partners are other companies in United States , Russia , Ukraine and Norway ; team is joining inexpensive Russian and Ukrainian rocket gear with American marketing and technical savvy ; first launch is scheduled in October ; photos ; drawings ( M )
But the Fidelity OTC Portfolio and the Fidelity Select Technology Fund , for which Microsoft was also the largest holding , fell 7.8 and 9.2 percent , respectively .
CVS has been expanding a line of in-store clinics , under the MinuteClinic name , that could be well suited to support specialized services from Caremark , the companies said .
In addition , Exxon gave $ 832,858 to match employees ' cultural donations and $ 156,945 in gifts of less than $ 5,000 each , mostly in Texas .
According to the American Express survey , 61 percent do , virtually unchanged from last year but up slightly from October 2002 .
Yahoo said it preferred that investors look at its own calculation of ''pro-forma '' profit , which excludes a $ 41 million investment gain as well as acquisition-related charges and payroll taxes it paid when employees exercised certain stock options .
Then , like a thief in the night , ''Smith '' suddenly disappeared , pulled from the schedule by CBS after just three weeks -- despite the fact that the producers had already shot or were well on their way to completing four more episodes .
Earlier this year , Target started carrying ready-to-assemble pieces by Blu Dot , the Minneapolis-based makers of neo-retro furniture .
Proof that business travel to , from and within China is growing rapidly : American Express has opened a business-travel center in Shanghai and is planning another one in Guangzhou to provide travel services to multinational and local companies operating in China .
Joyti De-Laurey , former Goldman Sachs secretary in London , is found guilty there of embezzling at least $ 7 million from private accounts of E Scott Mead and other of her bosses in elaborate fraud in which she secretly wired blocks of money to bank accounts in Cyprus ; contended that she was authorized to take money ; judge refuses to grant her bail before sentencing hearing , calling her behavior despicable ; trial drew attention on both sides of Atlantic for its details on De-Laurey 's conspicuous consumption ; De-Laurey 's husband and mother are found guilty of money laundering ; photo ( M )
Xerox said that it would present a report today outlining what it said is major progress toward creating electronics out of inexpensive , flexible plastic .
Chambers said , although he remains optimistic that Cisco can avoid the broader slowdown .
Instead , he has agreed to sell McDonald 's a line of salad dressing , similar to the bottled dressing made by his company , Newman 's Own .
Cox and Comcast also won a right to cancel their entire deals with At Home beginning in June 2001 .
He said that the Netscape shell technology would be based on a channel metaphor , a concept similar to one that Microsoft is working on to include in its next version of its Internet Explorer browser .
Though Mr. Chernin , who is 45 , is getting the top spot , several people close to the News Corporation said yesterday that his skills were complementary to those of Mr. Carey , who is 42 .
The deal also gives FedEx a quick means for increasing its ground delivery business -- and , of course , a source of revenue from creating documents as well as shipping them .
Richard Gray , a spokesman for A.T. & T. , said yesterday that the phone company estimated that its royalties to Spectrum might reach `` a few million dollars '' over the next three to four years .
The challenge was considered by the patent re-examination board of China 's State Intellectual Property Office , which ruled yesterday in favor of the generic drug makers , Pfizer said .
More Details On Message By Ex-Analyst For Citigroup
Meanwhile , A.T. & T. faces stiffer competition from huge new global alliances .
The critical product development function for search , will report to Jeff Weiner , Yahoo 's senior vice president for search .
But with market volatility still up and trading volumes still down , Citigroup 's chief financial officer , Sallie L. Krawcheck , acknowledged the challenges ahead .
Arnold Weinstock , who for 30 years dominated Britain 's electrical and electronics industries with his giant General Electric Company , only to be ousted by critics who then virtually bankrupted company , dies at 77 ; photo ( M )
EBay is the largest buyer of Google search ads , according to Nielsen/NetRatings .
A.T. & T. is also studying ways to replace up to one-third of its 18,000 operators by the end of 1993 with computers that recognize voices .
The morning began with a taller , younger semblance of the Apple co-founder talking of introducing ''insanely great '' new products .
G.E. , of course , is not changing its corporate name or its headquarters location in Fairfield , Conn. And while the Honeywell brand , which has tremendous force in the worlds of aircraft engines and home thermostats , will undoubtedly survive , perhaps as G.E.-Honeywell , its corporate name will not .
And quite a few suggested that Xerox will have to cut back on its investments in inkjet printer technology , even though the company has often pointed to printer sales as a major part of its future revenue .
With his usual showmanship , Mr. Jobs said that Safari would have twice the performance capability of Microsoft 's browser , Internet Explorer .
It was Jay S. Walker , the company 's founder , not Priceline itself .
Merck 's stock price has fallen roughly 28 percent over the last year as the company surprised analysts twice with news that sales would be lower than expected .
had a major coup when Dell , which had been strictly an Intel customer , announced that it would begin to use A.M.D .
Microsoft famously outsmarted I.B.M .
MCI had been forbidden from talking directly to Qwest because of its current merger agreement with Verizon Communications .
Boeing to Cooperate In Race Bias Inquiry , Labor Dept .
''You have to look over a longer term , '' Henry Hubble , Exxon Mobil 's vice president for investor relations , said in a conference call with analysts yesterday .
''This is not a whistle-blower case , '' said Mona Williams , Wal-Mart 's vice president for communications .
The Samsung decision is the third time in four weeks that an Interpublic agency has lost a large longtime client .
The authority refused , and yesterday morning it decided to end its talks with Vornado and to reopen negotiations with the second place bidder , Silverstein Properties .
The joint federal-state plan calls for breaking Microsoft into two separate and competing companies .
Corporate strategists advise companies facing litigation and public criticism to work together , but Bridgestone\ Firestone and Ford Motor have chosen stealth instead over the last week , a sign of the acrimony and mutual distrust that has destroyed their nearly century-old partnership .
Indeed , Morgan Stanley said that before the police sting operation , Mr. Curry had made other attempts to infiltrate the firm 's computer system .
cars and trucks by burnishing the reputation of the General Motors brand rather than by promoting specific products or divisions .
Like other PC 's , the I.B.M .
And the government has a powerful finding against Microsoft without it , because the company was found to have illegally defended its monopoly with its restrictive contracts with PC makers .
Taesa 's scheduled flights are competitive in price with the bigger Mexican airlines , though Taesa usually flies to locations not served by its rivals .
Yahoo was acting illegally , the judge said , even though the company has created a separate French site that , unlike the broader Yahoo service , follows French law .
British Petroleum PLC announces that it will acquire American oil giant Amoco for $ 48.2 billion in stock in largest oil industry merger ever ; deal would be largest takeover of American company by foreign concern if it is approved by regulators and shareholders of both companies ; BP Amoco , as company is to be known , would be world 's third-largest multinational oil company in terms of net income after Exxon Corp and Royal Dutch/Shell Group ; Amoco and BP say that Chicago will be headquarters for new company 's North American operations ; BP chief exec Sir John Browne will head new company ; photo of Browne , BP chmn Peter D Sutherland and Amoco chmn H Laurance Fuller ( M )
While Mr. Mack walked away from the deal because the soaring value of BlackRock 's stock made the deal too costly , people who were involved in the discussions said that there also was resistance from other Morgan Stanley executives , including Zoe Cruz , then the acting president .
Most of the power lines that failed on Thursday came from Ohio Edison , but one came from Centerior , the parent of electric utilities in Toledo and Cleveland , which merged into Ohio Edison to form FirstEnergy in 1997 .
I.B.M .
Printer-copier market changes again as Xerox Corp announces that it is buying SET Electronique , French company that makes continuous-feed printers that can print 500 pages a minute ; SET 's printers have 'controller ' technology that enables them -- unlike Xerox 's printers -- to accept data that are compatible with printers made by International Business Machines and Oce ; currently IBM and Oce together control 90 percent of this market , which serves banks , utility companies and other big generators of transactional data-like bills and statements ( M )
Yesterday 's financial report was his first as AT & T 's top executive .
Although Sun owns Java , which is only a few years old , it has freely licensed it to other companies , including Microsoft , and says that it has opened the development process so that outsiders can make suggestions as to how the language should mature .
Moreover , DuPont 's once-stellar reputation for scientific innovation has flagged of late .
But early earnings warnings from companies like General Motors and Ford have already discouraged investors , and I.B.M .
Charles Simmons Griffith approached retirement with the crisp efficiency of his 22-year career as a pilot for Southwest Airlines and his service in the Air Force before that .
One million licensed participants have signed on to Microsoft Corp shared-source program , which for three years has given industry partners , corporate customers and researchers access to its source code and sometimes allowed them to modify or redistribute it ; company says this shows that it is responding to demands of its customers ; Microsoft 's shared-source licenses range from liberal to highly restrictive , depending on product , and its competitors say shared-source program for Microsoft 's main Windows products is marketing ploy ( M )
Indeed , the problems with Eprex could help Amgen , which now sells a new version of EPO called Aranesp in competition with Johnson & Johnson .
Expectations of corporate profits were not ''as realistic back in February as they are now , '' said Brian G. Belski , fundamental market strategist for U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray .
The many connections among Home Depot 's directors cause some critics to ask whether the nominating committee is failing in finding truly ''independent '' board members .
Then , a few weeks later , Boeing posted a $ 1.6 billion third-quarter charge and its first operating loss in 28 years .
Pepsi-Cola International consolidates its advertising account at offices of BBDO Worldwide , part of Omnicom Group , by naming agency to handle Mirinda and 7Up brands in overseas markets ; billings estimated at $ 20 million to $ 25 million ( S )
Verizon Communications , the nation 's largest regional phone company , announced plans yesterday to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states .
Motorola said sales would grow between 16 and 20 percent in the fourth quarter , to as much as $ 9.6 billion .
In addition , Microsoft has a $ 17.8 billion portfolio of equity investments in technology companies , which are typically business partners of Microsoft .
On the corporate side , Citigroup has already been scaling back its trading operation .
You can find the current version of Service Pack 1 ( now called Service Pack 1a after some modifications ) at www.microsoft.com/windowsxp/pro/downloads/default.asp .
But William H. Gates , the man who co-founded Microsoft , has largely disengaged himself from the company 's legal defense to concentrate on new ways to extend the world 's largest independent software company 's influence into the next century .
And yesterday , after a frantic week of internal huddles and meetings with regulators , Merck announced that it would withdraw the drug from the worldwide market .
Merck officials have previously said that , rather than running a specific cardiovascular study of Vioxx , they decided to collect such data from studies in which Vioxx was being tested for other possible uses .
Not long after the lawsuit was filed against Marsh , both Aon and Marsh said they were suspending their practices of taking contingency commissions or incentive payments .
The move reflects a change in Intel 's strategy in developing new chips after a series of product delays and technical problems earlier in the year .
In 1997 , Xerox hired G. Richard Thoman away from I.B.M .
Confounding the skeptics again , Apple Computer Inc. reported quarterly earnings today that were more than twice the consensus forecast of Wall Street analysts .
He allowed Boeing 's in-house counsel , Douglas G. Bain , to make a blistering presentation to Boeing executives at a meeting in Orlando , Fla. , this year about unethical behavior .
Company executives have several times pointed to the growing popularity of Linux as proof that contrary to the Justice Department 's claims , Microsoft is not a monopoly .
After the sale , cash flooded into the funds , as Franklin began introducing them to the thousands of brokers at Wall Street 's major brokerage firms who sell the other Franklin Templeton funds .
Mood is unusally subdued at Agenda , computer industry conference in Scottdale , Ariz , reflecting steep declines in Internet and e-commerce stocks since last year 's conference ; among computer industry and Internet executives , venture capitalists and industry analysts at conference , there has been sobering realization that heady times of past half-decade might not return any time soon ; Microsoft Corp 's chief executive , Steven A Ballmer , in keynote address , acknowledges that downturn has hurt Microsoft 's ability to keep some of its best programmers ( M )
Microsoft executives acknowledge that its search engine is not quite as good at producing relevant results as Google , but they promise innovations that will soon overtake its rival .
WORD yesterday that Norwest and Wells Fargo plan to merge in a stock-for-stock transaction may have set bank stock investors ' pulses racing .
strategy as trying to exploit a post-bubble loss of enthusiasm for technology and persuade companies to hand over their computing chores to I.B.M .
Christopher B. Galvin , Motorola 's chairman and chief executive , projected sales of $ 6.4 billion to $ 6.6 billion in the current quarter .
David A. Munro , an assistant attorney general who worked with I.B.M .
For his yearlong tenure , Mr. Perez will receive a compensation package worth more than $ 14 million , with Nike reimbursing him $ 150,000 for club memberships and spending $ 3.6 million to buy his house in Oregon and pay for remodeling .
In January , Marriott International announced a new design concept for its lobbies that will combine open spaces with more private areas for small groups to meet and work together , allowing visitors to tailor the space to suit their needs .
Combined sales of Celebrex and Bextra , a similar arthritis drug also made by Pfizer , are expected to be more than $ 4 billion in 2004 , about 8 percent of Pfizer 's worldwide sales .
Citigroup to Pay Up to $ 20 Million in Deceptive-Lending Case
David Trone , an analyst at Prudential Securities , said Morgan Stanley 's noncompensation expenses were ''substantially higher '' than expected .
David A. Balto , an antitrust lawyer with Robins Kaplan Miller & Ciresi , said Intel 's strongly worded response indicated the company considered the suit a real threat .
But Microsoft 's political influence is limited in Europe .
His Los Angeles-based company , Toks Inc. , said yesterday that it planned to make tender offers for General Electric ; AOL Time Warner ; General Motors ; the Hughes Electronics unit of G.M .
Intel , he said , ''remains free to bargain with other companies over patent rights and to protect those rights in court . ''
The popularity of the athletic gear sold by Under Armour has led Nike and rivals like the Adidas division of Adidas-Salomon and Reebok International to step up the promotion of their own products .
Reputation of John F Welch Jr , former chief executive of General Electric whose management style , swagger and acumen were once analyzed and idolized in business schools , has lost a good deal of luster as result of questions about company 's accounting , eerie consistency with which profits rose during his tenure , company 's weak stock performance since his departure and disclosure of details of his retirement package ; business press will even include Welch 's name in same paragraph with such dubious figures as Kenneth L Lay of Enron , Bernard J Ebbers of WorldCom and Dennis Kozlowski of Tyco International ; Welch goes on Wall Street Week to defend retirement package and deplore its release ; photos ( M )
Other Microsoft executives said that only the company should have the right to determine what is part of their operating system .
Cisco Systems acquires AuroraNetics Inc , privately held networking company , for $ 150 million in stock ( S )
Sutent and Chantix are especially significant , because they came out of Pfizer 's labs and because clinical trials have shown them to be more effective than older medicines .
In fact , the development of the new Core microprocessor , which will be announced at the electronics show , was the work of a team of Israeli chip designers , who are more emblematic of the old Intel than the new one .
Sales of personal computer remain spotty worldwide , with strength in some regions and weakness in others , said Paul Otellini of the Intel Architecture Group .
Verizon , which expects to receive regulatory approval for its purchase of MCI by the end of the year , said that in the second quarter it added 278,000 high-speed Internet lines , slightly fewer than analysts had expected .
NOW sitting atop Amazon.com 's best-seller list : coffee .
Nestled away in a small room on DuPont 's 150-acre research center in Wilmington , Del. , robotic arms fill tiny tubes with gelatinous material that was extracted from corn and soybean plants .
( It 's definitely not a software-based emulator like Microsoft 's old , dog-slow Virtual PC program . )
Under a deal with Ashford , Amazon had agreed to provide customer referrals .
Despite the odds , and the difficulties in disentangling the Lin Broadcasting agreement , many industry analysts expect the A.T. & T. deal to go through .
But most industry analysts expect Microsoft to eventually fold search software into Windows .
A consortium led by Morgan Stanley closed a deal to buy nonperforming bank loans with a face value of 10.8 billion renminbi ( $ 1.3 billion ) from the Huarong Asset Management Company , one of four companies set up by Beijing three years ago to dispose of $ 170 billion in bad loans by state-owned banks .
Dr. Sean Curtis , who heads the Arcoxia development program for Merck , said the company would disclose the study 's full results before the end of 2006 , both in a peer-reviewed scientific journal and at a medical conference .
In addition to increasing pressure on on-line services ' prices , AT & T 's entry is likely to spur consolidation among Internet service providers .
''The playing field is being leveled , and it 's Comcast 's mountain that is getting leveled more than AT & T 's , '' said Leo Hindery Jr. , a former cable executive and a partner at the private equity firm InterMedia Partners .
Robert DeFillippo , a spokesman for Prudential , would not comment .
In addition , Microsoft said yesterday that it had come under attack this week .
By selling its communications grid , I.B.M .
The stocks leading the Nasdaq higher were Microsoft , up $ 2 , to $ 59.44 ; Cisco , up 92 cents , to $ 24 , and Dell Computer , up $ 2.75 , to $ 26.19 .
Boeing Co will cut additional 4,000 to 5,000 workers before end of year because of continued weakness in its commercial aircraft division ; workers will be cut through layoffs and attrition ( S )
Five-story building at 2 Fordham Square in Bronx , a white elephant for better part of decade , is gaining tenants ; building , once home to Caldor , was bought by Fordham Associates in January 2001 for $ 25 million in cash from Vornado ; since then , nine tenants have signed leases of 10 to 20 years ; photo ( M )
Intel said it would show off the two-gigahertz Pentium 4 chip on Monday at a conference for hardware and software developers .
With double-digit percentage increases in health costs each year , Boeing asserts that its workers must contribute more for health coverage .
The memorandum , dated June 17 , 2003 , was addressed to Bill Gates , Microsoft 's chairman ; Steven A. Ballmer , the chief executive ; and Mr. Burgum , among others .
Microsoft has several other methods for prying Service Pack 2 from your system in the support area of its Web site .
Boeing , which is best known as a commercial aircraft maker , has been hurt in the satellite business both by a lack of new satellite orders and a decline in its rocket-launching operations .
Motorola plans to release details about the new chip sets , which are based on the Symphony line of audio processors it introduced in 2000 , during its Tokyo presentation .
Over the previous 10 years , Allstate had signed up about 9,000 independent contractors among more than 15,000 agents .
Wal-Mart has pulled some mainstream magazines from its shelves and refuses to carry some popular books because of their content , among them ''America ( The Book ) '' by Jon Stewart and ''When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops ? ''
But , they add , General Motors , Ford Motor and Chrysler are likely to continue to struggle as foreign automakers flood the sports utility vehicle market .
Halliburton 's stock price has fallen more than 70 percent over the last 12 months on fears that it could be overwhelmed by judgments in asbestos-related lawsuits .
This is a product aimed squarely at Wal-Mart shoppers .
She called Priceline.com ''a great growth company with legs , not a fly-by-night start-up . ''
Sales at Motorola 's semiconductor group rose 21 percent , to $ 1.4 billion .
Its vast sales have come mainly from two families of drugs that reached the market more than a decade ago , and its stock has been weighed down by concerns that Amgen does not have enough exciting new drugs under development to sustain its rapid growth .
Guidant 's cardiac pacemaker and defibrillator businesses , which had been Boston Scientific 's main reason for the takeover , have been struggling to recover from a decline in sales after reports of deadly defects in a small number of units .
In trading yesterday , shares of PeopleSoft rose 19 cents to $ 17.98 , disproving analysts ' conclusions that the stock price should have fallen on the belief that the strong results made it harder for Oracle to pursue the takeover .
Adobe is expected to offer some answers in its quarterly earnings call with analysts on Thursday .
''It generates about $ 200 million a year in earnings , and we certainly think there is good potential for Prudential to augment that with expense savings , '' Mr. Devine said .
Last year , Morningstar , a financial research company , hired Hambrecht to take it public in an auction that raised $ 140.8 million , but only after Morgan Stanley refused to do things Morningstar 's way .
Time Warner , by itself , had only recently started reporting profits , largely because it had been saddled by the cost of its cable systems and the debt incurred in the merger of Time Inc. and Warner Communications 10 years ago .
As some industry executives declared that a government move to break up Microsoft could inject new competition into the software business , Microsoft 's top management confidently assured its 34,000 employees yesterday that there was no chance the company would be split up .
''There is a strong feeling out there that the franchise of the firm is being torn down , '' said Robert F. Greenhill , the former Morgan Stanley banker who is advising the group of former executives .
Cisco Systems has won a contract to deploy 180,000 Internet-based telephones into Bank of America branches over the next three years , the companies plan to announce today .
Last March , after a year without a chief financial officer , Campbell hired Basil L. Anderson for the job .
Coca-Cola Femsa will pay $ 247 million in cash , or $ 38 a share to holders of Panamco Class B Common Stock , which are not traded and have voting rights .
QUESTIONS ON ORDERS -- I know I 've said this before , but for a site that boasts about service , amazon.com is making a mistake by trying to steer customers to online help instead of to live customer service representatives .
''In the early research we did , testing what our audience was looking for , they said they wanted to see ads on the channel to see who would be reaching out to them , '' said Lisa Sherman , senior vice president and general manager at Logo in New York , part of the MTV Networks division of Viacom .
Mr. Bell is also affected by the decision to cancel what Interpublic calls the Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan for the years 2002-4 .
''Instead of working solely in Wal-Mart 's interest , '' the company said , Ms. Roehm ''frequently put her own first .
''We had some inventory build in Asia and Japan in the first quarter , which we think has been resolved by now , but was out there , '' said Andy Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer .
But Target -- or Targe , as its irony-clad clientele have dubbed it -- is also trying to grab the eyes and wallets of amateur decorators .
( Microsoft already makes Office available for Apple Computer 's operating system . )
Wells Fargo stock fell from $ 266.375 a share at 1:30 P.M. , just as the ( wrong ) news first moved on the wires , to a low of $ 251 at 2:29 P.M. , a fall of 5.8 percent .
At the same time , the Ford Motor Company reported a stronger-than-expected 8.1 percent increase in sales .
Under Mr. Cantalupo , the roster of countries with McDonald 's restaurants rose to 118 from 47 .
Some of that pessimism was aroused on Monday , after Nicholas P. Heymann , an analyst at Prudential Securities , issued a bearish forecast on Whirlpool 's prospect with a rare ''sell '' rating on the stock .
''I.B.M .
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson issues strongly worded rebuke , denying Microsoft Corp 's request to remove Internet law expert appointed to investigate and recommend resolution in Microsoft 's antitrust battle with Justice Department ; says Microsoft 's accusations that Prof Lawrence Lessig is biased against company are 'trivial ' and 'defamatory ' ; Lessig , in sworn declaration , says he does not recall asking lawyer for Netscape Communications what kind of solution he would like to see embodied in decree against Microsoft , as Microsoft has contended ( M )
The fact that Citigroup was pulling 1,600 technology jobs out of the still-wounded precincts of Lower Manhattan and sending them to a corporate campus in Warren , N.J. , did not even come up until the seventh paragraph of a nine-paragraph mayoral news release .
Software developers say that Microsoft 's vast influence in programming languages not only gives the company special advantages in developing applications ; it also tends to bind outside developers to Microsoft 's operating systems and applications programs .
If it makes financial sense -- and if , armed with that knowledge , you can avoid the competing allure of iPod style and the Apple brand -- you just might .
Expanding the fulfillment program to include non-Amazon sellers ''almost suggests they are so confident with their core business that they can expend resources and management time on this , '' said Safa Rashtchy , an analyst with the investment bank Piper Jaffray & Company .
MICROSOFT REPORT
In recent weeks , Amazon has announced deals with half a dozen other online stores -- including Greenlight.com , drugstore.com , Audible and living.com -- that are giving Amazon cash and stock in return for promotions on Amazon 's Web site .
With record orders for its commercial aircraft , Boeing is adding more than 1,000 employees a month and is advertising nationwide for more .
These days , any signs of unity , much less levity , inside the walls of Citigroup might understandably be met with skepticism .
The settlement talks have been held in the New York offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell , one of the law firms representing Aetna .
Last month , Mattel announced that it had hired Bernard Stolar , a respected software executive , to turn around the unit , known for the Reader Rabbit and Carmen Sandiego titles .
Apple Corps contended that it was owed £30 million ( $ 59 million ) in royalties and other payments .
The order for 21 of Boeing 's newest 737 jets and an option for another 20 is a victory for Boeing over its European rival Airbus Industrie .
But James McQuivey , the research director of Forrester Research , which did the survey in partnership with the National Retail Federation , said that the survey data was hard to interpret and that Amazon 's results seemed to him about in line with where he thought the industry was .
And representatives of the Gap and Nordstrom said Amazon had requested that those companies not discuss their involvement in the site .
Last year , Amgen said that a clinical trial showed that the drug -- glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor , or G.D.N.F .
Recent adoptees of Coca-Cola Light include Mexico , Turkey and Peru .
''About 70 percent of all TV DVD titles have been released in the last year , so it 's a pretty new phenomenon , '' said Ted Sarandos , the chief content officer for Netflix , the online DVD rental company .
Apple made the announcement after the market had closed .
Ms. Allison , the Microsoft spokeswoman , said the possible reorganization ''has nothing to do with the lawsuit . ''
He said that since the dispute began , , Microsoft had made 13 changes to its program to get around America Online 's efforts to block users of Microsoft 's clone .
For Microsoft , a strong relationship with AT & T could become the company 's most important vehicle for expanding beyond desktop computers into a new world in which millions of consumers use seamless bundles of phone , TV and high-speed Internet services .
The subject of whether the PC industry is moving away from its historical double-digit growth rate and toward becoming a replacement business and whether Microsoft will become a victim of the much heralded ''Post-PC Era '' is a perennial one for analysts who follow the company .
''We proposed a simpler remedy : order Microsoft to unbundled Media Player , full stop , '' Mr. Vinje said , adding : ''The two-operating-systems solution is softer .
Exxon Mobil and its partners in a proposed $ 3.5 billion pipeline from Papua New Guinea to Australia moved a step closer to turning their long-delayed project into reality yesterday when a government-owned power utility signed on as a future customer .
Yahoo 's earnings announcement , which came after the market closed today , kicked off a spate of quarterly earnings , with such companies as Microsoft and America Online announcing returns next week .
Mr. Sherlund said Microsoft 's revenue in those basic lines appeared to have grown 8 percent to 10 percent in the first quarter instead of the 10 percent to 12 percent that the Goldman analyst had predicted .
It was the largest single-day gain for Motorola in six months .
However , in agreeing to Verizon 's initial bid of $ 6.75 billion six weeks ago , MCI 's board opened itself up to challenges from shareholders , who argued that MCI 's directors were obligated to accept Qwest 's higher offer , worth $ 1.7 billion more .
They will continue to provide several components , including fuselages , to Boeing .
Instead , Joel J. Cohen , a specialist in mergers and acquisitions , who has been on the Chubb board for 18 years , will oversee the 16-member board , 15 of whom are independent .
Ms. Grossman repeatedly said that Morgan Stanley would become ''a much better place for women to work . ''
The Coke decision was announced by Douglas N. Daft , the chairman and chief executive , who said it was clear that ''stock options are a form of employee compensation expense '' and that the change in accounting ''ensures that our earnings will more clearly reflect economic reality when all compensation costs are recorded in the financial statements . ''
The suit follows a counterclaim Broadcom filed last week in response to Intel 's suit .
Mr. Redstone recently dismissed Viacom 's chief executive , Tom Freston , in part , Mr. Redstone said , because Viacom had not been aggressive enough in trying to acquire MySpace , which was ultimately bought by the News Corporation .
In a separate case , a Federal appeals court sided with Microsoft , upholding the principle that the company could put whatever it wanted to in its operating system and declare it a single product .
''The company expects that order growth during the fourth quarter of 2000 will return to a more normal relationship with sales growth , '' Motorola said in a prepared statement .
Yahoo was able to notably expand its audience after the Internet bubble burst , Mr. Rashtchy said .
Express Scripts Set to Fight A Proxy War for Caremark
Motorola Set To Acquire Cable Maker
The Next Act for Microsoft
Earlier this month , Kodak was one of several companies , including Sony , named in a suit by Magnequench International , which charges that they have violated its patents on magnetic tape technologies .
The release of the latest version of Illustrator drove the record sales in the fourth quarter , aided by Photoshop , Adobe 's software for the digital management and manipulation of photographs , the latest version of which is roughly two quarters old .
European antitrust regulators plan to block Time Warner 's joint venture with the British music conglomerate EMI Group but are much closer to approving Time Warner 's $ 135 billion merger with America Online , people close to the talks said today .
''The issue of Microsoft always being viewed as having an agenda , of trying to impose standards , is very important here , '' said Gerald Heeger , president of the University of Maryland University College , which had an enrollment of more than 21,000 students in its on-line courses last year .
Yahoo Gains Users and Sales As Profit Soars
Shares of Aon jumped $ 3.51 , or 22 percent , to $ 19.40 .
Last Thursday , Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of Federal District Court in Washington ordered that Microsoft not force PC makers to bundle Internet Explorer with Windows and that the company offer an alternative to the bundled product .
Japan is , after all , home to Microsoft 's two biggest rivals in video games , Sony and Nintendo , and its software companies write many of the games played worldwide , from Super Mario Brothers to Final Fantasy .
Apple 's stock closed down 1.1 percent at $ 13.24 in the regular session but rose as high as $ 13.28 in after-hours trading .
Though it still commands more than 70 percent of the market , Campbell is struggling with the growing popularity of soups that do not require the extra step of adding water and merely need to be heated , like those made by Progresso .
''Internet Explorer is the fruit of Microsoft 's statutory violations , '' said Brendan Sullivan , the lead lawyer for the nine states .
The sale drew suitors like Alcatel of France , Pirelli of Italy and JDS Uniphase in addition to Furukawa and Corning .
Competitive video gaming is gooing to get shot at mainstream network treatment when hourlong special about World Series of Video Games appears as part of CBS Sports Spectacular on Dec 30 ; event will mark first time that professional video gaming will be broadcast as sport on network television ; Games Media Properties created event ( M )
If AT & T executives were concerned about their miscalculation , they did not show it .
Verizon is in ways using the ads to go over the heads of labor leaders and appeal directly to its unionized workers .
The Microsoft announcement will not have any impact on I.B.M .
Medtronic said the full cost of the procedure , including the device , is $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 .
In 1997 Exxon gave $ 100,720 to the Houston Grand Opera and $ 65,000 to the Dallas Museum of Art .
Timex , in concert with Motorola and Skytel , plans to market Internet Messenger watches , which will offer the usual menu of wireless Web options , like news and stock quotations , as well as e-mail messages .
Joining with Burt Rutan , the aircraft designer , and Paul G. Allen , the billionaire co-founder of Microsoft , Sir Richard will form a company called Virgin Galactic to offer suborbital flights into space .
After Dynegy agreed to buy Enron , Moody 's tried to calculate the chances that the deal would go through , that Enron would remain strong until it was completed and that the combined company would carry a strong rating , said John Diaz , managing director for Moody 's power and energy group .
But while praising the company 's improved management and new products , analysts generally retained a cautious outlook on Adobe 's stock .
The union , the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers , last went on strike against Boeing in 1995 ; that walkout lasted 69 days .
A reporter 's called to Amazon , inquiring about the book , resulted in the company 's removing the image .
Excerpts from oral arguments in Microsoft Corp antitrust case before US Appeals Court ; Richard J Urowsky represent Microsoft ; John G Roberts Jr presents arguments for 19 state attorneys general who have sued along with Justice Department ( M )
Last Monday , a Time reporter , Christine Gorman , paid a separate visit to Pfizer 's research department in Groton , Conn. , to begin reporting an article for the issue , Mr .
DID Lee R. Raymond really manage Exxon Mobil eight times better than Clifton C. Garvin ran Exxon in the 1970 's and '80 's ?
AT & T Chief , Who Cut Jobs , Defends Pay
Motorola says it will lose money in third quarter and plans to cut 4,000 more jobs than it had previously announced ; tells analysts its cell phone business is beginning to rebound and it expects to return to profitability before end of year ( M )
General Motors Corp plans to recall all Corsa model cars made in Brazil ; photo ( S )
Communities in Schools updated its auction site , www.lunchwithaleader.com ( mirroring eBay 's pages ) , while eBay highlighted the event at the top of its charity page .
IS Amazon.com becoming the Napster of the book business ?
Some Apple critics have said the company 's recent precipitous slide in revenue and market share can be traced , in part , to Apple 's failure to have Copland ready in time to counter Microsoft 's introduction of its Windows 95 software last year .
IT WAS last December , and Robert A. Wyatt , a managing partner in the creative department of the New York office of Young & Rubicam Advertising was walking through Grand Central Terminal obsessing -- as he had for months -- on his latest project : how to persuade the world that Xerox , a name synonymous with pricey corporate copiers , also stood for low-priced home printers .
In an interview yesterday , Mr. Fisher , 75 , said that he felt comfortable turning over the reins of Gap 's three divisions -- Gap stores , Banana Republic and Old Navy -- to his son .
''This is the first tangible step in the movement to addressable advertising , with the ultimate destination of sending individual targeted ads to the set-top box , '' said Charlie Thurston , president at Comcast Spotlight , the ad sales division of the Comcast Corporation , the country 's largest cable company .
For Microsoft , the idea behind .Net is software programs that do not reside on any one computer but instead exist in the ''cloud '' of computers that make up the Internet .
''The future of Yahoo and the Internet is the powerful combination of search , community , personalization and content , '' he said .
Saying he wanted ''seasoned entertainment executives with the right mix of business and creative savvy , '' Gerald M. Levin , the chairman of Time Warner Inc. , turned to two insiders today to run the Warner Brothers studio .
But the damage to Johnson & Johnson 's sales might not be reversed as easily .
Why did Amazon agree to prepare two letters documenting different parts of the deal ?
Mr. Jobs played down suggestions that Apple had any grand strategy to transform itself , saying instead that the new pricing strategy was one that came in response to things that Apple customers have been requesting .
Timecanada.com 's publication 12 hours early of Time magazine 's exclusive account of Apple Computer 's new i-Mac computer and withdrawal of article few hours later makes it clear that Time secretly agreed to news embargo ; event spurred speculation about deal that made magazine and Josh Quittner , author of Time 's rave review of computer , villains of moment even before Apple chief executive Steven P Jobs distributed copies of Time at Apple 's product festival and Time 's Web site offered link to Apple 's online store adjacent to rave ; photo ( M )
Peter Hoffman , the chef and owner of Savoy in SoHo , who does not serve Chilean sea bass , said Whole Foods was sending a confusing message .
Mr. Scott called Wal-Mart a company ''in transformation '' and offered what a year ago would have seemed an unthinkably long list of changes under way at the company , the nation 's largest retailer .
Or , more to the point , Antonio M. Perez , the Kodak chief executive who jumped over from Hewlett-Packard two years ago , wants Kodak to be cool .
Today was the deadline for the Justice Department to issue a so-called second request for information from Oracle .
But Mr. Negroponte suggested that Intel executives had engaged in a campaign to discourage world leaders from committing to purchasing his laptop systems .
Quarterly Sales and Profit Rise Sharply at Motorola
Biogen 's shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading yesterday , to $ 22.75 ; Vertex 's shares , which are also traded over-the-counter , rose 50 cents , to $ 9.50 .
At a crowded news conference in New York , Mr. Roberts of Comcast said he had approached Mr. Eisner on Monday about a merger of the companies , but that Mr. Eisner , without consulting Disney 's board , had told him , ''It was not of immediate interest to put this together . ''
Morgan Stanley went to trial with lawyers who repeatedly told the court that they were not as prepared as Mr. Perelman 's team .
That brings me to my old laptop , an Apple Powerbook 160 .
General Motors Corp is stepping up its advertising and marketing plans for Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City , despite bribery scandal ; GM , which had already committed to 10-year sponsorship worth roughly $ 900 million , is concentrating on getting biggest bang for its big money ; company 's new marketing efforts detailed ( M )
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York has acquired Media First International in New York for undisclosed terms .
AT & T , which stayed out of the auction , decided instead to pay $ 135 million for a 2.5 percent stake in DirecTV and market its service under AT & T 's brand name and through its giant sales force .
''Our thinking was that , given its use in Microsoft software , the Encarta brand would over time become the leading reference brand , '' Mr. Sargent said .
Along with the breakup plan it submitted to the judge , the government proposal includes several temporary rules to alter Microsoft 's conduct while the breakup would be carried out .
Microsoft might allow hardware manufacturers to include an AOL icon in a ''start '' menu that will pop up from the lower left-hand corner of the screen in Windows XP .
Moreover , analysts noted , the new Sprint juggernaut would not come under the jurisdiction of Federal Judge Harold H. Greene , the overseer of the A.T. & T. breakup into a long-distance company and seven separate Bell local-telephone holding companies .
High-end department stores like Saks , Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom fared better in November , as did Wal-Mart 's closest rival , Target , which said sales rose 6.2 percent , more than a full percentage point higher than the average of analysts ' estimates .
Seamus Blackley and Kevin Bachus , software programmers who left Microsoft Corp after spearheading introduction of its Xbox video game console , plan to introduce games company called Capital Entertainment Group ( S )
Google is making overtures to Yahoo , AOL and Microsoft about making their chat programs compatible ; EarthLink has already agreed to join the federation ; and Google is also inviting the makers of games , collaboration tools and even cellphones to join in what it hopes will one day be a grand , unified chat network .
Mr. Jobs canceled the Macintosh operating systems licenses when he returned to Apple in 1997 , focusing Apple instead on attractive industrial designs and a new operating system , Macintosh OS X , which he brought with him from Next , the company he founded in 1985 .
The AT & T Foundation 's trustees -- 11 senior executives who meet monthly -- selected what they considered the best 23 plays and musicals for screening by an outside panel .
Matthew J. Dodds , who follows the industry for Smith Barney , recently cut his price target for Boston Scientific to $ 31 from $ 33 , based on that risk .
The company says it will argue the case based on the premise that the Government is trying to enforce a new legal theory , that ''because you are successful , the legal rights you had to control your intellectual property no longer apply , '' said Chuck Mulloy , a company spokesman .
But the six-member jury found that A.T. & T. did not willfully violate the patent , and awarded the far smaller amount .
''This is the best-case scenario , '' said William G. Bird , the newspaper analyst at Citigroup .
As part of the sale , General Electric also assumes debt of $ 655 million held by Greenwich and UNC .
Other big banks , including Bank of America , Wells Fargo and Washington Mutual , have taken similar steps , they said .
''It looked like Boeing was about to shut it down . ''
Chambers said Cisco was having robust growth in almost all the other areas of the world .
The Itanium camp within Intel opposed the alternative , and the status of the Yamhill effort is uncertain .
Kodak Warns Of Weak Sales ; Stock Drops
In yesterday 's deal , Verizon agreed to combine its D.S.L .
IBM says it has begun shipping its Shark data storage systems for large computers and networks with number of enhancements that improve its ability to back up data on the fly and work with non-IBM equipment ( S )
Divorce proceedings between John F Welch Jr , former chairman of General Electric , and his wife , Jane Beasley Welch , are delayed by his lawyers ' request that scheduled deposition on value of his assets be made confidential ( M )
In its filing yesterday , Edison also attributed some blame to Southern California Gas -- a utility that provides gas service to homes and businesses across Southern California -- saying it did not store enough natural gas last year in preparation for the winter heating season .
Pfizer and state officials plan to release a report on those savings in coming weeks .
I.B.M .
Now there are seven companies worth more than $ 100 billion , and I.B.M .
In AT & T-AOL Time Warner talks , however , there are also significant considerations .
Coca-Cola Enterprises declined to comment on its pricing .
AT & T 's rivals , MCI and Sprint , also have programs to provide Internet access , but their offerings are not as ambitious as the one AT & T aimed directly at mainstream America yesterday .
The ruling , Microsoft says , focused in large part on its contracts with industry partners , and Microsoft recently gave personal computer makers greater flexibility in putting competitors ' software on the Windows XP desktop .
His strategy has focused on operating ConAgra as one company instead of different fiefs , which reduced expenses and allowed for a sharing of ideas among brands .
The lawsuits were later settled before they got to court , and today 's agreement commits Boeing to begin compiling more data on job applicants so that the Labor Department can better determine in the future whether the company is discriminating against women and minorities .
''I do n't think it is arrogant to say there are really only two companies that can set broad strategic directions in computing -- I.B.M .
The ebullient billionaire , who pledged on Thursday to give United Nations agencies as much as $ 1 billion over 10 years , said on Friday that he wanted to find a way to dispense the gifts without selling his Time Warner stock .
Airbus and Boeing have long used orders as a cudgel in their fight , which has sometimes resembled a schoolyard scuffle more than an industrial rivalry .
But Mr. O'Rourke said Morgan Stanley was maintaining a tradition in moving the meeting around , not acquiescing to demands that it be held close to headquarters .
Cisco Reports Strong Revenue In 4th Quarter
Making matters worse , Motorola is also confronted with some challenges beyond its control .
The AT & T Corporation said yesterday that it would send bills directly to its New York customers , starting next month .
Merck announced that it would stop selling Vioxx because a study showed increased risk of heart attacks and stroke , particularly among those who had taken it longer than 18 months .
Boeing and its machinists began negotiations yesterday on the terms of a new contract .
''It was a very easy decision , '' said Bob Jorgensen , a spokesman for Boeing 's Shared Services division , which oversees technology throughout the Chicago-based company .
Although the specifics of Ms. Couric 's CBS salary are unknown , all of those interviewed agreed that the prospect of a big payday was behind her decision to leave NBC .
But the increase will only partly offset an estimated cut of up to $ 7.5 billion in its 1993 earnings , a decline that A.T. & T. has been expecting from an earlier accounting change involving health-benefit costs .
Scott Richardson , manager of Intel 's broadband wireless division , said that more than 100 commercial WiMax tests were under way .
He said the company has had no problem replacing those who have left with seasoned executives from inside and outside Yahoo .
''If this does come to pass , it is a scary prospect from a competitive point of view because it brings us one step closer to a world where Intel would be the only significant supplier , '' Michael Slater , principal analyst with Microdesign Resources in Sebastopol , Calif .
That is a serious concern : Intel 's manufacturing processes are second to none and the company outspends Advanced Micro on research and development by five or six to one .
According to government documents filed yesterday , Citigroup also engaged in other transactions with Enron , known as Project Nahanni and Project Bacchus , both of which transformed loans into what appeared to be cash from operations .
Several groups have expressed interest in buying Gap , but the board , which is filled with several members of the Fisher family , favors keeping control of the company , according to a person briefed on the matter .
The Merck-Medco relationship was ''a lightning rod for criticism , whether merited or not , '' the chairman and chief executive of Medco , David Snow , said .
Juniper Networks , the smaller rival of Cisco Systems in the market for Internet routers , today reported second-quarter earnings that edged past Wall Street 's already diminished expectations .
It also remained possible that Judge Jackson might recommend that Microsoft 's appeal be filed directly to the Supreme Court once the proceedings in his court are over -- another idea he mentioned on Tuesday .
`` We were surprised and delighted by this huge response , '' the vice president of AT & T Worldnet service , Tom Evslin , said in a statement .
''Basically with the economy the way it is right now , there are some outstanding agencies that are very anxious for new business and Adobe , because of the kind of account it is , as well as the budget that we 'll be spending , could provide a great fit for the right agency , '' said Peter Isaacson , Adobe 's director for worldwide brand marketing in San Jose , Calif .
''I do n't think anything has peaked , '' said Terry Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , in a telephone interview yesterday .
''If they could n't immediately come up with something that their eyes lit up , I knew they were n't the kind of person for Microsoft . ''
It has won awards from more than a dozen magazines and is now used by Yahoo and Netscape to augment their category-based Web site directories .
The devices need not be running Microsoft software , in the same way that e-mail messages can be sent and received by people using different e-mail programs .
The Norwest Corporation and Wells Fargo & Company agreed to merge yesterday in a $ 34 billion deal , the latest in a string of blockbuster unions that have created a clear cadre of giants and a few dozen also-rans in the once-sleepy banking industry .
Early this spring when Joshua B. Bolten , a former Goldman Sachs executive , reached out to Mr. Paulson about taking the job , he was receptive , though he had his doubts about how involved his role as an economic policy maker would be , accordingto people who were involved in the discussions .
The Intel Corporation in Santa Clara , Calif. , is taking a mixed approach .
It was clear from the presentations that Microsoft still has work to do to secure its programs , which are the most widely used on the Internet .
may well be of interest to investors and many others outside the company , I.B.M .
Revenue in the period , the second quarter of Microsoft 's fiscal year , rose 9 percent , to $ 11.84 billion from $ 10.82 billion , and was slightly below the company 's October forecast of $ 11.9 billion to $ 12 billion .
If performance does not improve , you can try resetting the iBook 's Power Manager Unit , an integrated circuit typically found on the logic board of an Apple iBook or PowerBook .
That points to another key point about I.B.M .
Although the details of Aon 's accounting questions remain unknown , some analysts said that they did not appear to be as grave as those raised at some other companies .
Judge Greene said today that the A.T. & T.-McCaw deal raised the specter of recreating the monolithic Bell System because several of McCaw 's cellular networks are partly owned by one or another of the regional Bell companies .
Since then , according to Microsoft executives , more than two million customers have downloaded the new browser .
Senior Microsoft officer tries to prove in his testimony that Government has little understanding of relationship between Microsoft 's operating system and its Internet browser software ; David Cole , Microsoft vice president who oversaw development of Windows 95 and Internet Explorer software , says Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's order to stop forcing computer makers to install Microsoft 's Internet Exploreer along with its Windows 95 software was broadly and inartistically worded , and left company no choice but to suggest to computer makers that they consider deleting computer files that are essential to both Windows 95 and Internet Explorer , even though deleting those files would wreck software necessary to operate computer ; Judge Jackson is considering whether to hold company in contempt and fine it $ 1 million a day for failing to comply with his order ; Microsoft 's appeal of order will be heard by Federal appeals court judges Laurence H Silberman , Stephen F Williams and A Raymond Randolph ( M )
Mr. Dolan joined Morgan Stanley in 2000 from Lehman Brothers , where he was head of European insurance banking .
Time Warner yesterday restated another $ 584 million related to revenue booked by its AOL division shortly after the two companies ' 2000 merger , bringing to more than $ 1.26 billion the total sales that AOL booked improperly over several years .
The notion of a Starbucks-brand liqueur was conceived nearly a decade ago .
I.B.M .
''We have felt a little bit like we 've been caught in a Catch-22 , '' Tom Tauke , Verizon 's senior vice president for public policy and external affairs , said during a conference call .
The person at Halliburton told her to call Dresser Inc .
As in the acquisition of the Equitable of New York by AXA , the acquisition some years ago of Equitable of Iowa by ING , the Dutch insurer , and ING 's more recent purchases of Reliastar and parts of Aetna , Prudential intends to simply expand the role of Robert M. Devlin , the chief executive of American General , to oversee all its United States operations .
In a statement Citigroup released , Mr. Weill apologized for some of his company 's actions .
AMD , Intel 's main competitor in the processor business , has its own labeling system and explanations for all of its chips at www.amd.com .
Google 's news service is bound to become another issue in its stormy relationship with the portals , especially Yahoo , that use its search service .
In November , the start of the holiday selling season , sales fell 4 percent at Gap , 2 percent at its Old Navy chain and 5 percent at its Banana Republic stores .
Baxter International said yesterday that a chemical that it used to manufacture filters for dialysis patients might have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world .
The computers will be about the size of a piece of notebook paper , and will employ the next version of Microsoft 's Windows operating system ; users will be able to enter data with a stylus similar to those used with hand-held electronic organizers , officials said .
CVS and Caremark yesterday cast their $ 20.8 billion deal as a merger of equals that would enable them and their investors to take better advantage of upheavals in the prescription drug business .
And Home Depot 's board appears unlikely to guarantee their next leader 's pay upfront .
The company is already one of the world 's largest technology providers -- its $ 30 billion in revenue last year compares with $ 19 billion for Microsoft -- which is part of the reason Motorola is expanding into everything from wired homes , automobiles and even biotechnology .
Apple Computer Shifts Course on Its New Operating System
I had gone to São Paulo , Brazil , for an annual meeting of agency principals , and I had never been to the Amazon , so I decided to go while I was there .
He said national employers , Aetna 's mainstay , were staying with the company by and large despite rising premiums for next year .
The fall began when Procter & Gamble , one of the nation 's biggest and best-known companies and one of the 30 stocks in the Dow , said early yesterday that its earnings in the current quarter would come in well below the levels expected by Wall Street analysts .
One software developer who has worked at both companies -- and asked not to be identified because he still consults for Microsoft -- compared the two men 's approaches to the difference between martial marching band music and jazz .
After Wal-Mart fired Ms. Roehm , it also fired Draft FCB , the Interpublic Group agency she had selected for the most important part of the assignment .
Tyson Foods is preparing to begin $ 75 million marketing push that it hopes will transform its longstanding image as chicken processor into one of all-around protein provider ; has hired Brain Reserve for strategic brand analysis ; campaign is being developed by Arnold Worldwide ( M )
Yesterday , the owners of the four hotels filed a $ 250 million lawsuit in New York State Supreme Court against Marriott International and Ritz-Carlton , charging fraudulent conveyance in connection with Marriott 's 49 percent acquisition of the hotel chain 's assets in 1995 .
Procter & Gamble Co begins licensing its reliability engineering methods , latest move by company into licensing deals and joint ventures ; has announced joint ventures in last three months worth billions of dollars ; one venture , with Coca-Cola Co , will sell Coke 's Minute Maid and Hi-C drinks and P & G 's Pringles chips and Sunny Delight juice drink ; has also started Project EMM , venture with Magnifi , marketing-services company , to create independent company to make software system to better manage Procter 's marketing efforts ; has also joined Whirlpool to create new home appliance , Personal Valet ; Procter 's licensing division has entered into deal that let other companies , including Dana Undies and Marine Optical , use its brand names ; photos ( M )
Howard Rubel , an analyst with Goldman , Sachs & Company , said the stock 's behavior had more to do with market psychology than with Boeing 's performance in the quarter .
When the Chevron man asked what the problem was , the Texaco partner told him : ''When it comes to these difficult questions , you have to think of us as rolling along in a tank and looking out of this little slit window .
Microsoft announces it is extending online gaming service for its Xbox consoles to millions of people who use Windows PCs to play games over Internet , move that could bolster popularity -- and profits -- of video gaming ; Xbox Live , Microsoft 's online gaming network that serves some six million Xbox users , is scheduled on May 8 to open its basic and premium features to online PC gamers ( M )
Microsoft , for example , historically has gotten a large part of its traffic because it installs MSN as the default home page for the Internet Explorer browser .
After it bought Compaq this year , the combined company became the largest single buyer of Windows for personal computers and data-serving computers , and thus more dependent on Microsoft .
Analysts expect Humana to concentrate on its operations , while keeping an eye out for smaller acquisitions in several of the company 's key regions .
International Business Machines Corp chief exec Louis V Gerstner Jr will announce that company is awarding $ 10 million in grants to dozen school districts and state education departments , including those in New York City and New York State , to develop new ways to use technology in classroom ; grants bring to $ 35 million amount that IBM Foundation has committed to program since 1995 ; photo ( M )
Growing number of employers are giving away drugs to help workers manage chronic conditions like diabetes , high blood pressure , asthma and depression ; major employers like Marriott International , Pitney Bowes , Mohawk Industries and Maine 's state government have introduced free drug programs to avoid paying for more expensive treatments later ; many companies are recognizing limits to shifting too much of cost of medical care to employees despite Bush administration 's efforts to promote 'consumer directed ' health care ; big drug makers like Pfizer and Merck , which could benefit politically and financially from employer drug programs , are also supporting effort ; photos ( L )
Apple leased the building two months ago from Andrew Zamel , who operated the coffee shop for 40 years , ''for close to $ 800,000 a year , '' said Darrell Rubens of Winick Realty , who brokered the deal .
A MONTH after Peter Arnell , chairman and chief executive at the Arnell Group in New York , bought back a majority stake in the agency from the Draft Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , he is selling the entire agency and two siblings to the Omnicom Group .
''But to see us do the venture with Coke and the other initiatives , all of this should provide a very different look at Procter & Gamble . ''
''From our perspective , the case on the three remaining underwriters is as strong , if not stronger than the case we settled today with Citigroup , '' said John P. Coffey , a lawyer at Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann in New York and chief litigator for the New York State comptroller .
This university town has been transformed in the last decade by the arrival of companies like Microsoft , along with a bevy of start-ups hoping to follow in its footsteps .
In many ways , they say , that chaos may make the current merger with United Technologies more workable .
The vital constituency of software developers -- nearly 4,000 to date -- are ''coming back to the Macintosh and recommitting themselves to the Mac , '' Mr. Jobs said , referring to Apple 's operating system .
In a setback to state efforts to force employers to provide more generous health benefits , a federal judge yesterday struck down a Maryland law that was aimed at the nation 's largest retailer , Wal-Mart Stores .
Those companies might be uncomfortable dealing with Amgen , a rival .
The new details will be presented by Hans C. Pfeiffer , who is an I.B.M .
Hewlett-Packard Co 's bid for Compaq Computer Corp erases many doubts about skills of Hewlett-Packard chief executive , Carleton S Fiorina ; merger would make her leader of company that would rival IBM in size and reach ; analysts say Fiorina , her leadership skills and her blueprint for new Hewlett-Packard will be tested in coming days and months as she sells merger to Wall Street , antitrust authorities , customers and employees ; photo of Fiorina with Michael D Cappellas , Compaq chief execuitve , who will become president of combined company ( M )
As part of its inquiry into a plan by EchoStar Communications to buy Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV operation from General Motors , the Justice Department has issued a second request for information about the deal , executives close to the companies said yesterday .
This fiscal year , which ends in June , Microsoft said it expected to report revenue of $ 50 billion to $ 50.9 billion , and earnings per share of $ 1.43 to $ 1.46 .
It is not a fine but represents fees that Mr. Milken and his company earned for two transactions : In the first , they received $ 27 million for advising Bert C. Roberts Jr. , the chairman of the MCI Communications Corporation , and Mr. Murdoch , the chairman of the News Corporation , on a 1995 accord in which MCI agreed to invest $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in the News Corporation .
Boy , do I wish I worked for Goldman Sachs .
Other restaurants ''do n't have McDonald 's and everything it brings to the table , '' Mr. Oerther said .
As for traffic to its Web site , Infoseek ranks third and has only a little more than half the number of visitors each month that Yahoo attracts .
would spin off Hughes as a separate , independently traded company , and then Hughes would merge with News Corporation 's satellite unit , Sky Global Networks , the executives said .
Time Warner has tried to exploit the content of Time Inc magazines -- Time , People , Sports Illustrated and Fortune are among the company 's titles -- in the electronic universe ; its ardent but foiled foray into the internet , the Pathfinder portal , was shut down last year and since then Time Warner has been reconfiguring its Internet presence under new management .
Yet previously , those partners had to negotiate one by one with I.B.M .
Two big consumer products companies , Unilever and Colgate-Palmolive , issued profit warnings on Monday , underscoring an increasingly tough competitive landscape for makers of some of the world 's best-known brands .
approval of the combination pill would automatically protect Pfizer from antitrust laws that might otherwise bar the company from linking the drugs , legal specialists say .
So far this month , McCann has landed accounts with billings estimated at almost $ 400 million , including the brand advertising account of the equipment company that will be spun off from AT & T .
Goldman Sachs , the biggest of the firms that reported results yesterday , said it earned $ 497 million , or 93 cents a share .
The half-hour show , called ''Amazon Fishbowl , '' will have a format familiar to any late-night television viewer , with a monologue by Mr. Maher , followed by an interview with an author , a conversation with a filmmaker and a performance by a musician or musical group .
The study , which was conducted by I.B.M .
Citing a decline in orders from large retailers , Mattel , the maker of Barbie and Hot Wheels , said its revenue would be flat and earnings would be significantly below projections .
While chief executive at McDonnell Douglas , which Boeing acquired in 1997 , Mr. Stonecipher moved the company 's emphasis away from commercial planes and toward military aircraft .
A Verizon spokesman , Eric Rabe , defended the ads , saying it was common for companies to use models .
But the settlement would require only that Microsoft allow manufacturers to hide programs like Windows Media Player , rather than remove them .
VeriSign May Get Control of .com Registrations Until '07
$ 1 billion deal recently struck between Walt Disney Co and OMD USA , media arm of Omnicom Group , has become subject of much controversy in world of media advertising ; OMD Worldwide president-chief executive Joe Uva says far-reaching pact , considered to be largest of its kind , represents critical shift in way media will be bought and sold ; OMD will be able to tap into ABC properties like 2003 Super Bowl , Academy Awards and National Basketball Association games , as well as Disney 's radio , magazine and Internet units ; ABC Television president Mike Shaw comments ; photo ( M )
The documentary never specifically mentions Remicade , or the product 's maker , Centocor , a unit of Johnson & Johnson .
Biogen made $ 32 million in net income last year on revenue of $ 149 million .
Data from the New York Stock Exchange showed that Bank of America bought 28 million G.M .
Avaya -- the one-time business communications arm of Lucent Technologies , and before that AT & T -- is one of the nation 's top makers of phone equipment , rivaling Cisco , Nortel and Alcatel-Lucent in providing Internet-based communications to corporations .
For now , though , the Pioneer drive , especially when operated by the smooth , pretty Apple software , is an exciting invention .
The other three companies are investing a total of $ 85 million in cash and $ 18 million in software and services from Oracle , he said .
Growth Spurt Accelerates In Wal-Mart 's Backyard
The authority 's real estate advisers also notified the third-place bidder , a joint venture of Boston Properties and Brookfield Financial Properties , that the deal with Vornado had collapsed .
Studios are known for producing videos in mammoth quantities , but in this case modest demand for individual films suits MGM and Amazon , which are looking for big overall sales from a large pool of carefully selected small titles .
AT & T would agree to sell the parent company shares within , say , a year .
The software also permits Microsoft to assist outside software developers .
''When people tune into the CBS News I want them to know what they 're going to get , '' he said .
''But openness to talking does not necessarily mean openness to selling to News Corp. , '' this person said .
It said then , and reiterated yesterday , that it had acted properly , forcing Xerox to restate its earnings after it learned of problems .
But it remains unclear what role Mr. Pitofsky will play in the Chevron-Texaco deal , because it is by no means certain he will remain at the agency .
By introducing the 360 next month , Microsoft hopes to take an early lead .
EBay , through a partnership with Bid4Spots , a two-year-old company in Encino , Calif. , will offer advertisers a way to buy unsold radio inventory from 2,300 radio stations in the top 300 media markets in the United States
Philippe Krakowsky , executive vice president for strategy at Interpublic in New York , confirmed a report of the negotiations that appeared Friday on Adweek.com .
The disclosure of the Microsoft-SAP talks points to future competition in business software .
Having spent the last 20 months cutting a bloated bureaucracy , he had invited two dozen Wall Street analysts to ConAgra 's headquarters here to show off the first new products under his tenure .
For AT & T and Comcast , the deal would finally allow them to cash out the T.W.E .
On the eve of the Senate hearing , Microsoft did drop one practice that had been criticized for excluding competition -- limiting the freedom of Internet service companies to promote rival browsers , like Netscape 's Navigator , in exchange for featured placement on Microsoft 's Windows program .
Moody 's Investors Service lowers its credit rating on Japan 's yen debts for second time in three months ; says outlook remains negative , signaling chance of another cut in next 18 months ; Moody 's is lone major agency to rate Japan 's debts in yen and in foreign currency differently ; latest action does not affect foreign-currency rating , which is Aa1 with stable outlook , two notches higher than that for yen debts ( M )
The Securities and Exchange Commission has begun an inquiry into whether two senior executives at Dow Chemical secretly tried to put the company into play as well as into the unusual trading in its stock that may have resulted , according to people briefed on the matter .
Shares of Pfizer rose 71 cents , to $ 29.04 .
Frank P. Quattrone , the highflying investment banker who handled hot stock offerings like Cisco Systems and Amazon.com during the technology boom , resigned from Credit Suisse First Boston yesterday after refusing to cooperate with an investigation into his banking practices .
Weeks , 46 , who officially took over in April , is to figure out how to eke every profitable cent from that booming market without hitching Corning 's future to it .
Comcast has a market capitalization of $ 26.8 billion , and Mediaone is capitalized at $ 36.8 billion .
A day after the riot police dislodged hundreds of striking workers at a Daewoo Motor plant in Inchon , questions remained today about whether General Motors would now come to the rescue .
''I.B.M .
Mr. Thomas figures that at best , I.B.M .
At the time of the announcement , Microsoft described Hailstorm as a way for a consumer to have a consistent set of services , like e-mail , contacts , a calendar and an electronic ''wallet '' -- whether sitting at a desk or traveling and using a wireless personal digital assistant .
Campaign by American Advertising Federation in Washington to promote advertising , made more timely by economic slowdown , signs Anheuser-Busch Companies as participant ; other marketers participating are Coca-Cola Co , Energizer and Sunkist ( S )
Cisco Systems and some of its executives plan to donate $ 40 million in cash , equipment and services to install wireless Internet access and other high-tech services in Gulf Coast schools damaged by Hurricane Katrina , the chief executive , John T. Chambers , said yesterday .
Jim Cullinan , a spokesman for Microsoft , said the company was satisfied with the settlement .
Many analysts expect PepsiCo will have little choice but to challenge the court 's decision , because the company lags so far behind Coca-Cola in an increasingly important segment of the soft- drink business .
Gary Stibel , founder and principal of the New England Consulting Group in Westport , Conn. , called Procter & Gamble 's introduction of the new deodorant a smart move .
Because of the highly technical nature of the subject , the commission has been working with personal computer makers to test Microsoft 's proposals for licensing the Windows code .
Ten days ago , the ad agency for The Nation sent a 60-second commercial to the cable network promoting its brand of political news and commentary as free of White House influence and corporate agendas .
That would make the transaction tax-free to AT & T 's shareholders , an important negotiating point in getting the approval of AT & T 's directors , and would give AT & T majority control .
Critics of the current accounting practices say that Coca-Cola can , to some degree , bolster its bottom line through sales to the bottling company , over which it has much control .
The television upfront presentations in May , where advertisers buy large chunks of commercial time , will take place long before Ms. Couric begins her CBS job in September .
On Sunday , however , Sanford I. Weill and John S. Reed , Citigroup 's co-chief executives , asked for Mr. Dimon 's resignation .
Mr. Pataki and I.B.M .
The I.B.M .
E. Neville Isdell , a senior vice president of Coca-Cola , also stepped down , in February .
Motorola reported late yesterday that it had slightly exceeded investors ' diminished earnings expectations for the quarter that ended Sept. 30 but that it had fallen well short of Wall Street 's revenue projections .
The eight retired executives , or the Group of Eight as they have come to call themselves , claim to have no desire for Morgan Stanley to merge with another firm .
That division had earlier been identified as a prime culprit for the subpar recent performance of Interpublic .
Many workers at companies like US Airways , Delta Air Lines , American Airlines , Polaroid Corp , Xerox Corp and Lucent Technologies are opting for lump-sum retirement payments instead of waiting for monthly checks , exposing hidden risk to pensions ; accelerating withdrawals can work like bank run , draining so many assets that plan 's solvency can be threatened ; if sudden withdrawals reduce plan 's finances below certain level , company can be required to make large catch-up contributions in short time ; photos ( M )
More significant , he said , it involved between 7,500 and 8,000 of Microsoft 's nearly 40,000 employees and that number is growing faster than any other part of the company 's employee base -- as much as 25 percent in the next year .
In its report , released Tuesday , Moody 's said Computer Associates ' cash flow would fall in the company 's 2002 fiscal year , which ends March 31 , compared with the year earlier .
Kodak has also floundered in its attempts to wring profits from digital photography .
''I pretty much started with a clean slate , '' she said , ''though I did think about the emotional adjectives that historically have been part of Gap DNA . ''
Early next year , computing and communications devices will begin showing up on the market with communications technology called Bluetooth built into them ; Bluetooth , creation of consortium of computer and communications companies -- Ericsson , IBM , Toshiba , Nokia and Intel -- was devised to eliminate tangle of cable that hinder device-happy computer users ; some possible uses for new technology discussed ( M )
contends that Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , bullied dozens of computer makers , retailers and distributors by threatening to retaliate against them if they did business with A.M.D .
Second , Verizon wants its union workers to pay more toward their health coverage .
The review on the American portion of the Apple account caused some confusion as to whether BBDO Worldwide , the global agency to which BBDO West reports , would retain its international Apple accounts , with billings estimated at $ 50 million to $ 60 million .
It will not be available at Starbucks coffee outlets .
The group said that a person outside of Wal-Mart gave it the report .
Stanley T. Sigman , president and chief executive of wireless for AT & T , said the company planned to open more megastores as soon as demand warranted .
Microsoft had previously resisted efforts to open a dialogue even with ''white hat '' hackers like those in attendance here -- computer security researchers who expose vulnerabilities but do not exploit them , and who have frequently been bitterly critical of Microsoft as indifferent to security .
In October , Union Pacific had to negotiate with Mexico to retrieve a Huntsman car filled with polyethylene , which is used to make plastics , that was headed for a small Texas town but somehow wound up in Mexico .
Both Yahoo and Google have emerged as potent threats to television networks because they are drawing ad dollars to their existing sites .
Companies are rushing to create Internet banking capabilities , either as part of the bank , as in Citigroup 's case , or as an entirely separate entity .
''She created a process of planning , '' said Tom Burns , who worked as a consultant to Wal-Mart when he was with the Doneger Group .
Goldman Sachs to Acquire Electronic Trading Concern
2 agency company , with billings estimated at $ 20.2 billion , is acquiring Cline , Davis & Mann , a New York shop with nearly 170 employees and billings estimated at $ 170 million from pharmaceutical marketers like Pfizer Inc. and the Parke-Davis division of the Warner-Lambert Company .
Yet , however extreme Microsoft 's approach -- and however unlikely an advocate of open systems the company may be -- the walls that divided instant-message users are tumbling down .
To make up for the risk , AT & T is demanding cash from AOL Time Warner in addition to a stake in Time Warner Cable .
For Leslie Moonves , the chief executive of the CBS Corporation , it was a week to savor .
Profile of James R Houghton , who came out of retirement in April to lead Corning Inc once again ; John W Loose , who had been Corning 's chief executive for just 16 months , abruptly retired at age 60 , and board asked Houghton to help turn company around ; Houghton has promised to restore profitability before next year is out ; graph ; photo ( M )
And Viacom chose Google , at least in part , because it offered the best financial arrangement .
SEPT. 26 , 2000 -- Supreme Court refuses government 's request for the justices to consider Microsoft 's appeal directly , sending the case instead to a lower court .
Boston Scientific 's shares fell nearly 4 percent to close at $ 15.16 in trading yesterday , which ended before the announcement of the possible offering .
Goldman Sachs Group names Philip Murphy and Peter Kraus , co-heads of its private wealth management unit , to succeed John P McNulty who retires as head of investment management division ( M )
Microsoft 's favorable ratings have long held steady at a 75 percent , according to the big software maker .
Still , Morgan Stanley earned a higher return on equity , 16.4 percent , than either Goldman or Lehman Brothers .
On Monday , News Corporation and Echostar said that problems with their scrambling technologies had forced them to put off Government filings that would let them clear the proposed deal .
Merck , the nation 's second-largest drug company behind Pfizer , reported a 12 percent increase in profits on rising sales of drugs like Vioxx , a pain reliever ; Zocor , a cholesterol treatment ; and Singulair , an asthma controller .
The maker of Old Spice , Procter & Gamble , surprised Madison Avenue last year by shifting the assignments for the brand , with spending estimated at $ 100 million a year , to Wieden & Kennedy from two much larger Procter mainstay agencies , Saatchi & Saatchi and the Starcom MediaVest Group , both part of the Publicis Groupe .
The new approach will offer businesses the ability to configure electronic systems for retail or business-to-business commerce in a ''Lego block '' approach , Microsoft executives said .
Now , Yahoo says , these campaigns increase off-line sales by 15 to 20 percent among those consumers who saw the ads , and the additional sales bring in more than twice the money companies spent on advertising .
NEC Corp , Japan 's leading computer and semiconductor manufacturer , teams up with eAccess Ltd , new telecommunications company , to provide subscribers to its Internet service with high-speed connections ; NEC has been losing ground to Fujitsu in battle to expand its Internet services businesses , and partnership with eAccess , start-up backed by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co and Goldman , Sachs & Co , is aimed at regaining momentum ( M )
The beverage contains Wal-Mart 's preferred sweetener , Splenda , and comes in orange , berry and grape flavors .
Moody 's Investors Service said in a report on Sept. 27 that devaluation could bring long-term economic benefits , but warned that there would be short-term financial problems .
In response to Qwest 's sweetened offer , Verizon said in a statement that it had ''a proven track record of completing transactions that create value for shareholders , customers and employees . ''
Promotions for the store ( www .amazon.com/nbc ) will run during commercial breaks of the programs involved , appearing on CBNC , MSNBC , NBC and the 13 local stations around the country owned and operated by NBC , like KNBC in Los Angeles , WMAQ in Chicago and WNBC in New York .
In a showdown that could portend the final blow to the shaky personal computing alliance between Apple Computer and I.B.M. , the two companies plan on Wednesday to try renegotiating license fees for Apple 's Macintosh operating system software .
Ms. Schieffelin , he said , had worked at Morgan Stanley since graduating from business school in 1986 .
C. Michael Armstrong , AT & T 's chairman , has said that he hopes to decide what to do with the cable operation by year-end .
''The key to AT & T 's success this year will be to execute the things it said it would do last October , '' said Jeffrey Halpern , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company .
General Motors Corp , in filing with National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , says improving fuel efficiency of light trucks under federal proposal will cost company more than $ 1 billion and make its vehicles less safe ; administration 's proposal calls for all light trucks , including sport utility vehicles and minivans , to increase fuel economy level by 1.5 miles per gallon by 2007 , deadline GM says it will not be able to meet ( S )
Both the Port Authority and Vornado are getting a great deal .
Marty Seyer , a vice president who is in charge of Advanced Micro 's microprocessor business unit , said Monday that he thought his company would reach the market before Intel with the dual-core Opteron .
And despite some crucial differences , the Microsoft and Intel cases are fundamentally similar to the extent that they involve the competing policy interests of antitrust law and intellectual property rights .
The trial opened in October 1998 , and from the opening moments , the government presented a case that embarrassed and damaged Microsoft .
For example , a lobbying campaign in Congress in 1999 to cut the budget of the Justice Department 's antitrust division failed -- and served to embarrass the company , Microsoft executives acknowledged at the time .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Motorola Has Component Customer
Joanne Bradford , chief media revenue officer at MSN in Redmond , Wash. , part of Microsoft , said the ''custom solutions '' group established in July at MSN is seeking the same result .
According to the Senate report , Mr. Carpenter of Citigroup also called Moody 's chief executive , John Rutherfurd , about Enron .
AT & T Wireless , which has also been mentioned as a buyer of VoiceStream , is in talks with Deutsche Telekom about a potential deal , though these negotiations are also in an early stage , a person close to both companies said over the weekend .
Microsoft has released a test version of a new image-editing program called Acrylic , which could compete with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop .
The Ford Motor Company is rethinking its decision to stop making the Excursion , a large sport utility vehicle that has been a favorite target of criticism by environmental advocates .
But the I.B.M .
Cisco reported second-quarter earnings that were essentially in line with its projections and with the estimates of Wall Street analysts .
Time Inc. New Media in New York , part of Time Warner Inc. , and its on-line digital marketing agency , Darwin Digital in New York -- part of the Saatchi & Saatchi Visions unit of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C .
said the sale would not have a significant impact on its operating results , but at least one analyst said he expected that the deal could result in a huge tax bill for I.B.M .
It was n't just Microsoft .
Hitachi develops new strategy for competing in digital disk drive industry , hoping to improve upon record of IBM , whose disk drive business Hitachi agreed to acquire in April 2002 ; new unit , Hitachi Global Storage Technologies , will expand storage capacity of IBM 's smallest disk drives and sell it to makers of relatively inexpensive small consumer electronics devices , to give digital cameras , portable music players and personal organizers the capacity to play movies , animation and other multimedia applications ; photo ( M )
So the Home Depot application to the commission took what William Higgins termed a ''change and restoration '' approach .
Procter & Gamble will try to persuade Food and Drug Administration to recommend approval of Intrinsa , first drug to increase woman 's sex drive ; plans to tell FDA that drug increases sexual desire of women and frequency with which they have satisfying sex ; some experts say approval of drug will bring new era in handling of women 's sexual problems ; Jennifer R Berman , director of Female Sexual Medicine Center at University of California , Los Angeles , and consultant to Procter & Gamble , comments ; photo ( M )
Taesa expects to carry two million passengers this year -- as many as a carrier like Sabena Belgian World Airlines .
The importance of media operations to Interpublic was underscored late Friday when its largest client , General Motors , unexpectedly announced that it would begin a review of its United States media-buying operations , which have been handled since 1993 by a dedicated Interpublic unit called General Motors Mediaworks , along with an agency called LCI that is affiliated with the McCann Worldgroup .
By the time the Atlanta Games opened , Home Depot had more than 90 American athletes on its payroll .
Nearly simultaneous deals United Automobile Workers reached with Ford Motor Co and Chrysler Group represent sharp break with tradition and underscore how tough times are for Big Three and their suppliers ; contracts keep union workers ' generous health care benefits largely intact , but UAW reportedly gives ground on other important issues , including scaling back wage increases and selectively lifting ban on plant closings ; union continues talks with General Motors and Delphi , parts maker spun off from GM in 1999 ; graphs shows rising labor costs at Ford and DaimlerChrysler and rising cost of health care at DaimlerChrysler ( M )
Compaq , Microsoft 's largest customer in the industry , quickly changed its mind .
Analysts doubt that Microsoft would enter the fray and make a friendly offer for Disney as a so-called white knight bidder , an acquirer that Disney would prefer to Comcast .
The Gap as a whole had double-digit or high single-digit sales increases through much of 2003 and the first half of 2004 , and the stock hit a high of $ 25.66 in June .
Michael Grimaldi , president of General Motors Canada , said he was pleased to have an agreement reached without a strike .
He warned that Morgan Stanley could face further legal action if it continued to deny having acted badly in the research scandal , which was the subject of a $ 1.4 billion industry settlement .
AT & T and I.B.M .
''Of course it concerns us , '' Mark Miller , director of the Microsoft Security Response Center , said of the online bazaar in software flaws , which it has declined to enter .
''For this reason , Cisco is better positioned than ever to lead the Internet revolution through a combination of internal development , acquisitions , and partnerships . ''
I.B.M .
An article in Business Day yesterday about the plans of Autodesk Inc. to reacquire Buzzsaw.com , a provider of Internet services , misstated which company reported sales of $ 5.3 million in its first year .
United Healthcare plunged $ 15 , or 28.4 percent , to $ 37.875 .
More worrisome to analysts were Amazon 's gross profit margins , which fell shy of the 23 percent they had expected .
Through Jan. 30 , BookScan recorded sales of 239,000 copies of ''I Am Charlotte Simmons , '' reflecting sales at all Barnes & Noble and Borders stores and their online affiliates , and at Amazon.com , Costco , Target , Kmart , Waldenbooks , B. Dalton , Hastings and others .
Plunked amid a phalanx of ornate buildings on Fifth Avenue -- structures with classic Greek columns , cast-iron arches , filigreed cresting and intricate friezes -- is a two-story stub of a building that has preservationists gnashing their teeth at the Apple Computer Company .
Today , the Internet continues to drive the strongest U.S. economy in history , '' John Chambers , Cisco 's president and chief executive , said in a statement .
Three days into his new life as a literary agent , Laurence J. Kirshbaum , the former chairman and chief executive of the Time Warner Book Group , admits he is not yet an expert on the agent business .
He said Excel had been gradually moving its calls for the last year , adding that Frontier 's revenue from Excel declined to a projected $ 76 million in the fourth quarter from $ 231 million in the first quarter of 1996 .
But what is different about this war is that these new enhanced browsers are not being given away free -- they are included as part of the Internet service provided by America Online , Yahoo and Microsoft 's MSN .
''Citigroup adheres to the highest standards of corporate governance , business practices , and accuracy and transparency in its accounting and financial disclosure , '' she said .
Earnings at Bank of America Decline on Bad Loans
A.T. & T. Bell Laboratories received patent 5,239,521 .
''Microsoft 's determination to restrict the support and distribution of Netscape 's browser by Apple is particularly telling since Apple represents the main alternative to desktop PC 's running Microsoft 's Windows , '' Justice Department lawyers wrote .
Rather than anger the judge and prolong the trial , the states abruptly withdrew the witness , James Bach , last week after Microsoft told the judge it would take several weeks to prepare to cross-examine him .
The consumer class-action suits mainly contend that Microsoft , as a monopoly , was able to overcharge for its industry-standard Windows operating system , which runs the basic operations of nearly 90 percent of all PC 's sold today .
Yahoo executives said Tuesday that new technology the company was developing to increase its advertising search revenue would soon be ready for a phased roll-out .
At the heart of that case is the commission 's accusation that Microsoft leveraged its dominant position in operating systems software to win advantages in related markets , like network software .
But it is Coca-Cola 's sales of billion-dollar bottling operations to Enterprises that most bothers Mr. Meyer and Mr. Owsen .
In addition , Pharmacia 's products are expected to get a boost from Pfizer 's marketing expertise and its 8,000 sales representatives .
PC Makers And Microsoft Squabble Over Desktop Icons
Adobe Systems , which makes Photoshop , says there are about 5 million registered users of the various professional and consumer versions of its software , including Photoshop Elements 2.0 , which costs $ 99 .
Coke 's Glum Forecast Sends Stock Down 10 %
Mr. Scott 's remarks on health care closely followed a set of recommendations laid out in an internal Wal-Mart memorandum last year .
The build-up in I.B.M .
The regulator would then consult competitors including Sun to see if the information Microsoft offered was enough to make rival server software interoperable with Windows .
Shares of H & R Block tumbled more than 6 percent yesterday , to close at $ 20.63 .
Comment on performasnce of General Electric in 2000 and outlook for 2001 ; appointment of Jeffrey R Immelt to succeed John F Welch Jr noted ( Special section ) ; photo ( S )
In all , Motorola will cut 2,870 jobs from a total work force of 130,000 .
''The strategy at Sun is absolutely the right thing to do , '' Mr. Gillett said , ''but they are doing it from a much weaker position than I.B.M .
A Bank of America spokeswoman said , ''We actively are helping wherever we can with the investigation . ''
''Investors expected to hear from the new finance minister about his plans to reduce the budget , '' Daniel Tenengauzer of Goldman Sachs told the daily Haaretz .
Electronic Arts , hoping to shore up its eroding dominance in the sports video game market , said yesterday that it had signed a 15-year deal giving it the exclusive right to use the ESPN brand in games .
Terry Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , said in a telephone interview that the company would introduce a range of new services , many of them aimed at small and medium-size businesses .
Mr. Tyler said Google welcomed the Amazon program .
Philip J. Purcell defended his strategy for integrating the retail and institutional divisions of Morgan Stanley yesterday , but warned that his firm faced deteriorating market conditions that could put a dent in future earnings .
America Online , Earthlink and Microsoft , which have merged their technical standards for identifying and discarding e-mail messages with fake return addresses , near accord with Yahoo , which develops more technically powerful approach to fighting spam , to give limited support to each other 's technology ; proponents say two approaches could be complementary ; drawings ( M )
In addition to fining Microsoft a record $ 600 million in March for abusing the dominant position of its computer operating system , Windows , in the European software market , the commission ordered the company to reveal code inside Windows , to allow other software makers to make programs that work better with it .
Mr. Bell 's tenure as chief executive received praise from his predecessor , John J. Dooner Jr. , who had served in the post for two years before the board dispatched him back to run the largest Interpublic unit , the McCann Worldgroup .
Representatives of U S West have been quietly polling the company 's largest investors in the last week regarding a proposed three-way combination of Qwest , U S West and Frontier , said an investor .
Many of 19 state attorneys general who are part of antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp are lobbying and cajoling handful of their colleagues to join majority and ask court to break Microsoft into two parts ; few attorneys general view this remedy proposal , favored by Justice Department and most of states involved , as too extreme ; but others fear that fractured decision could harm government 's case and give power to any Microsoft argument that not even plaintiffs agree on this remedy ; joint federal-state plan calls for breaking Microsoft into two separate and competing companies ; one would own Windows operating system , and the other everything else -- including company 's Web browser , word processing and spreadsheet software and Internet properties ; proposal also includes range of restrictions on conduct that would stay in place a short time if breakup is carried out and longer time if it is not ( M )
Alaska Airlines with reputation for cheeky creativity is taking satiric aim at no-frills competitors with campaign about make-believe rival whose spartan , inconvenient flights and what-me-worry attitude are meant to put 'low ' in lower-fare ; campaign has as its centerpiece Web site for imaginary discount carrier SkyHigh Airlines offering visitors elaborate series of jokes and pranks that make fake site more engaging than many real ones ; campaign was created by Wong Doody with estimated budget of $ 10 million ; photo ( M )
Interpublic Facing Shareholder Suits
Asked yesterday to comment on Ms. Hayden 's hiring , the corporate communications department at General Mills headquarters in Minneapolis reiterated a statement made last Thursday by Mark Addicks , chief marketing officer .
''We can give customers authentic and very provocative insight with the artists that they know or that they may not know , '' said Kathy Savitt , an Amazon vice president responsible for the Web site 's content .
A third e-mail , dealing with the company 's technology infrastructure , was from someone who said he had recently left Bank of America for a competitor .
6 Women Sue Wal-Mart , Charging Job and Promotion Bias
Merck , a Dow component , fell $ 1.65 , to $ 74.25 .
Concern is growing that commercialization of Linux computer operating system , touted as standard for open-source movement , will lead to slew of incompatible systems ; open-source software , promoted as way to challenge dominance of Microsoft 's Windows , is based on idea of making programs underlying code freely available and readily modifiable by anyone ; Linux can be downloaded free , but over 22 companies now sell such software , each packaging it differently ; photo ( M )
Oracle , of Redwood Shores , Calif. , recently submitted five candidates to run at that meting to replace existing board members .
Wal-Mart is one of the largest retail advertisers in the country , spending close to a billion dollars on advertising last year , according to TNS Media Intelligence , a research firm .
But SquareTrade lost some of the confidence of eBay 's merchants during the summer , said Ina Steiner , editor of AuctionBytes.com , an information site for online auction users .
The new technology is backed by most of the leading makers of PC 's that are based on Intel chips and run Microsoft 's Windows operating system software : Compaq Computer , Dell Computer , Digital Equipment , Gateway 2000 , Hewlett-Packard , Packard Bell , NEC and Texas Instruments .
Whether an art director at InStyle , Time Warner 's successful new celebrity lifestyle magazine , would consider the work done in them to be creative is unclear .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Wal-Mart Has Its Ups And Downs
Intel plans to introduce simple digital camera that will sell for $ 149.95 ; Intel Pocket PC Camera allows consumers to take Internet-ready photos and record short video clips at or away from personal computer ; photo ( S )
Microsoft Digs In Against a 'Poorly Informed ' U.S .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Cisco Unit Introduces Wireless Technologies
''Monsanto forgot who their client was , '' said Thomas N. Urban , retired chairman and chief executive of Pioneer Hi-Bred International , a seed company .
The name lives on , as part of Salomon Smith Barney , itself a part of the giant Citigroup .
Yahoo will announce today a new service called Yahoo 360 that will let users create discrete , and private , social networks that allow friends to share such things as photographs , restaurant reviews and lists of favorite songs .
However , Next 's product manager , John Landwehr -- a longtime Apple Computer fan who was still proud that he once owned an Apple II -- believed there might be a good match between the two companies .
''Peter Rost filed his whistle-blower lawsuit after Pfizer brought the matter to the government , '' Mr. Fitzhenry said .
Nortel Networks ' fiber optics unit , which would have vaulted Corning into a strong No .
And , for now , Mr. Redstone is infatuated with CBS .
After Mr. Stern 's attack , CBS filed its 43-page complaint , which accused him of ''multiple breaches of contract , fraud , unjust enrichment and misappropriation of CBS Radio 's broadcast time . ''
Microsoft 's keyboard had the softest touch .
In their home-country market , Ford and its crosstown rival General Motors have unusually high inventories and are losing market share despite offering $ 5,000 rebates and no-interest financing deals for many vehicles .
Intergraph and Digital both filed their own civil lawsuits against Intel last year .
The resulting product , Mr. Tarter said , would be intended to run existing Java programs but also to run far better than Sun 's version on computers using Microsoft Windows .
AT & T is awaiting regulatory approval to buy McCaw for $ 12.6 billion , a deal that would give AT & T a collection of cellular franchises that would serve about 60 million people .
I.B.M .
Merck withdrew the drug from the market in September 2004 .
Johnson Sues Amgen Over Sales Practice
For Gerald Levin , AOL Time Warner 's chief executive , a deal with AT & T could be attractive because he could run the combined operation , people close to the talks said .
Starbucks is not alone in looking at in-store wireless networks to build customer relationships and to market to visitors on premises .
Analysts had already slashed their consensus earnings projections to 20 cents a share from 43 cents after Motorola announced in April that the quarter had begun poorly .
That was when Microsoft 's chairman , Bill Gates , all but declared war on Netscape Communications and its Web browser by announcing his company 's own browser , Internet Explorer , and proclaiming , ''We are hard core about the Internet . ''
Any AT & T-Microsoft partnership would be sure to arouse concern among politicians and regulators .
Pfizer had about $ 900 million of Viagra sales in the United States last year , Dr. Yaffe said .
Mr. Spitzer said that the agreement requires Citigroup to increase the overall number of A.T.M .
At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January , Microsoft showed what it is calling the Personal Media Center , a hand-held video and audio player .
All the same , the firm is financially able to sustain damages of $ 2.4 billion : Morgan Stanley earned $ 4.5 billion last year and has put aside $ 360 million for the case .
Mr. Fleming said that for all the new insights Wal-Mart gleaned from its research into its shoppers , it was also reminded that its most powerful lure was low prices .
China , in move to quell criticism of its huge trade surplus with US , agrees to let Big Three automakers send it about 15,000 cars and trucks over next couple of years as well as more than $ 1 billion in parts from General Motors ; also says it will allow GM to import cars directly , without using local partner , and GM says it is moving into auto lending business in China ; photo ( M )
For example , the companies demanded that other companies not price high-speed access lower than AOL Time Warner 's own service .
All together , Vornado owns 56 shopping centers and nine industrial and office buildings totaling 12.1 million square feet , mostly on the East Coast , Ms. Kulakoff said .
Xerox Hopes a Bold , Colorful Campaign Will Make Consumers Think of Its Printers For Home Use .
Yahoo said it would announce a replacement for Mr. Mallet before his departure , which is scheduled for April .
Microsoft 's rivals welcomed the commission statement today .
Procter paid for 20 trailers at its distribution center ; the Federal Emergency Management Agency lent the company another 100 .
Yahoo is introducing a series of features to help people find local advertisers in competition with the Yellow Pages .
IN an effort to burnish its tarnished image on Wall Street and Main Street , McDonald 's has formed a partnership with the blue-eyed elder statesman of Hollywood and Broadway , Paul Newman .
Microsoft , in contrast , is a single company with different products but less clear internal divisions .
But analysts said they had already built the Asian weakness into their estimates and that the company 's internal performance fell well short of the guidance they had received from Oracle 's management earlier in the quarter .
''I ca n't figure out any other explanation for it , except that he wanted to make a grand public gesture , '' said one lawyer close to Microsoft .
Mr. Gates was on the defensive in the wake of the Justice Department 's petitioning a Federal court on Monday to bar Microsoft from requiring personal computer makers to include its Internet browser software when they install its Windows 95 operating system .
In a twist on the Google media company maneuvers , Viacom has a separate nascent venture with Google , in which Google distributes video clips from MTV and other channels across the Internet to any Web site that might like to carry them with advertising .
Intel and Broadcom 's wireless modules both work with the industry standard Wi-Fi or 802.11b networking , which transmits data over unlicensed radio spectrum at 11 megabits a second .
Sears has survived without Nike before ; the shoemaker cut Sears out for much of the 1990 's before relenting and signing a new sales agreement in 1999 .
Several Verizon workers said they were prepared to face the backlog of repairs and other jobs that had piled up in their absence .
But Yahoo has come under particularly sharp criticism .
Last month , Yahoo completed its acquisition of Inktomi , a company with a rival index of the billions of Web pages and one whose results are every bit as good as those of Google , Yahoo says .
After the `` i plan '' commercials stopped running , said James D. Speros , brand management director for A.T. & T. corporate advertising in New York , a decision was made not to renew Mr. Selleck 's contract for only the few `` You will '' commercials .
Verizon Wireless is introducing its largest promotion with television network to date , teaming with WB to encourage customers to use text messaging in campaign that also includes commercials and product placements ; multimillion-dollar promotion is centered on third-season premiere of WB series Smallville , which is scheduled for Oct 1 ( M )
If Frontier 's board does approve the new deal , the companies will probably announce the agreement today .
While a few Internet providers offer unlimited dial-up access for as little as $ 20 a month , few of them offer free software , no set-up fees , round-the-clock technical support , 200 local dial-in ports around the country and AT & T 's promise to all but eliminate busy signals .
At the same time , Interpublic has been forced to contend with the industrywide slowdown in revenue and earnings growth because of the struggling economies in large markets like Japan , Latin America and the United States .
In an interview after the conference call , Robert L. Growney , Motorola 's president and chief operating officer , said the Federal Reserve Bank should immediately cut interest rates by 1 percent to stimulate the economy .
Hackers ruled the Net long before Amazon sold its first book , and the recent attacks served notice that they can shut down parts of the Internet any time they choose .
Time Warner said the data , on 40 tapes in a container the size of a cooler , disappeared more than a month ago while being shipped to an offsite storage center .
The participants in the study , commissioned by Worldgate Communications in Trevose , Pa. , and conducted by Nielsen Media Research , are General Motors , the Kraft Foods unit of the Philip Morris Companies , Sprint and Warner-Lambert .
Courtyard by Marriott II is made up of 70 of the hotels .
Although the integration strategy was one that led directly to the antitrust verdict against the company earlier this year , Microsoft has continued to insist that integration is pro-customer , if not pro-competitive .
Quarterly Profits Rise for Cox and Comcast
Schelley Olhava , an analyst with the International Data Corporation , a market research firm , said Microsoft was trying to counter criticism that it had failed to gain enough support from Japanese software developers , who create many of the best-selling games .
And much of the Justice Department 's case centers on how Microsoft fought this perceived threat from Netscape .
Way Cleared for PepsiCo to Acquire Quaker
Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood Electrical Workers at Verizon Communications announce that more than 75,000 workers have voted overwhelmingly to authorize strike if no contract is reached by Aug 2 ; Verizon spokesman Eric Rabe says votes do not mean that strike will take place ; Verizon is seeking more flexibility to lay off and transfer workers ; also wants workers to pay higher share of health care costs ; CWA is asking that Verizon agree to ways of making it easier to form union for almost 20,000 workers at Verizon Wireless ( M )
Analysts had predicted that Interpublic would earn 39 cents a share in the latest quarter , according to Thomson First Call .
Amazon attributed much of its growth to a renewed emphasis on price cutting , like free shipping for orders of $ 25 or more .
Microsoft distributed an earlier version of Java but it stopped when Sun brought an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft .
For its part , CVS said it remained ''confident in the long-term strategic value of our combination as well as the benefit to shareholders of CVS and Caremark . ''
L. Bruce Lanni , an oil industry analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons , said the acquisition made strategic sense for ChevronTexaco .
Because of its ability to translate a document 's original fonts , colors and images into a file that can be opened and read on most computer systems , the Portable Document Format , created by Adobe Systems , has become a staple of modern business .
Verizon estimates its refund at about $ 40 million , not counting interest , and the water utilities estimate theirs at $ 8 million , plus interest .
The ergonomically correct silver canister goes well with stainless-steel kitchen appliances , ConAgra officials said .
Apple Computer and its charismatic chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , are expected to make a big announcement about a new product at the Macworld conference next month .
Microsoft says that nasty little surprise was necessary because the player technologies are no longer just a bunch of programs but a ''platform '' -- which Microsoft is calling Media 9 Series -- fully integrated into the operating system .
They say that like the Netscape meeting the new evidence fits a pattern of behavior by Microsoft , which has repeatedly tried to limit competition by strong-arming competitors and partners .
Oracle , by dropping its objection to that amended bid , is waiving one of the terms it set out as part of its offer for PeopleSoft , which many in the industry initially viewed as an attempt to interrupt the J. D. Edwards deal .
No specific reason was given for the departure of Mr. Scannell , who has been at Viacom for nearly 20 years and who built Nickelodeon , the children 's cable channel , into one of the nation 's highest-rated cable services .
''There is an economic interest in Brasil Telecom through our venture-capital arm , but there 's no controlling interest , '' said Shannon Bell , a spokeswoman for Citigroup in New York .
Looking At Citigroup 's Accounting In Argentina
I think what Michelle Slatalla was running up against was that the I.B.M .
As expected , Apple Computer Inc. reported a big loss yesterday for its second fiscal quarter .
Under that deal , Wellpoint planned to absorb Aetna 's health care business .
Tiffany began painting at age 12 and was a successful artist long before he invented Tiffany favrile glass and designed splendid interiors like that of the Veterans Hall at the Seventh Regiment Armory on Park Avenue and 66th Street in Manhattan .
Delta and US Air , who for years , despite protests of Queens politicians and residents , used oldest and noisiest jetliners on hourly shuttles between La Guardia Airport and Boston and Washington , DC , announce that they will replace 30-year-old Boeing 727 's with newest and most quiet airplanes available ( S )
''The settlement with the commission effectively resolves Xerox 's outstanding issues with the S.E.C. , '' Anne M. Mulcahy , the Xerox chairwoman , said in a statement .
The shifting rhetoric is a reaction in part to the criticism leveled at AT & T , and in part to a political climate that has prompted candidates in this election year to lament downsizing .
Decision on Microsoft
Inside Art column ; Andy Warhol 's painting Orange Marilyn will be sold at Sotheby 's ; photo ; move of some dealers to East 70 's in Manhattan noted ; Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation announces winners of 1997 Biennial Competition ; artists and sculptors each receive $ 20,000 ; partial list ( S )
The colorful Australian-born Mr. Johnson , who speaks in messianic terms of Campbell 's growth mission , said , ''Unlike mortals , this company can live forever . ''
Co-Founders of Africana.com Sell Venture to Time Warner
The Ford Motor Company told Wall Street analysts on Friday that it had cut $ 3 billion in costs last year and planned to trim an additional $ 1 billion this year .
It offers most of its corporate services in 30 to 35 states and earned $ 6 billion in that business in 2004 , up 1.9 percent from 2003 , said Thomas A. Bartlett , Verizon 's treasurer .
It was a tense day -- one everyone knew was coming -- but little gloom and doom was evident in an area that has bloomed since AT & T began moving many of its operations two decades ago to the horse and gentry country of western New Jersey .
Mr. Boyle was KPMG 's relationship partner with Xerox in 1999 and 2000 , at a time when KPMG auditors were concerned over what some saw as violations of accounting rules by the company .
TRAVELERS ' TOP FEARS -- Americans dread getting sick or injured on the road more than any other travel threat , according to a survey commissioned by the Chubb Group of Insurance Companies .
The new lawsuit , which contends that Microsoft overcharged Minnesota customers from 1994 to 2001 , seeks almost $ 500 million from the company .
A forecast from General Motors predicts October will be the second-biggest month ever for overall auto sales in the United States , and many analysts have offered similar outlooks .
''I 've never participated on a board that was more fully informed , '' said Mr. Condit , a longtime executive who personally oversaw Boeing 's merger with McDonnell Douglas .
Both Merrill and Morgan Stanley have blue-chip investment banking operations along with their brokerage business .
Gary L. Reback , a Silicon Valley lawyer who was one of the first to raise anticompetitive claims against Microsoft , said that the expected European ruling ''could potentially have a profound effect on Microsoft in the United States , '' challenging its ability to bundle new features into future versions of Windows .
and Novell , as Microsoft fights against possible fines of up to 2 million euros a day for failing to carry out sanctions imposed by the commission , lawyers for one of those companies said .
The news was the latest headache for the company , which was spun off from another bottler , Coca-Cola Amatil , in 1997 .
''The Cisco case has n't had a big impact on the overseas market , '' agreed Mr. Chen , the analyst .
Time Warner is offering to pay for one year of credit monitoring for all affected individuals with the credit reporting agency Equifax .
Primestar Inc , satellite television service owned by group of cable operators , abandons $ 1.1 billion plan to buy direct-broadcast satellite venture of News Corp and MCI Worldcom Inc ; announcement comes from Justice Department , which had filed civil antitrust suit in May to block Primestar from entering direct-broadcast satellite business ( S )
A Microsoft spokesman said the company was ''very concerned about the possible impact of the ruling on our trial preparation and on the trial moving ahead . ''
On March 23 , Andrew N. Liveris , the chief executive of Dow Chemical , wrote a scathing performance review about one of his top lieutenants .
Each Kodak has two paper trays : one for letter-size paper and an upper one for 4-by-6 photo paper .
The changes in Renton extend far beyond Boeing and the shores of Lake Washington .
''It 's built on products that are singles and doubles , '' said Lawrence Keusch , a Goldman Sachs analyst who has followed Boston Scientific ever since his firm led its initial public offering in 1992 .
Under the coverage , workers at G.M. , the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler pay no deductibles or monthly premiums .
It has taken Netflix six years to build 29 distribution centers -- enough to offer overnight delivery to nearly 90 percent of the country 's prospective customers .
''We are in the mode where the fundamentals of supply and demand really do n't drive the price , '' Lee R. Raymond , the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , the world 's largest energy company , said at a meeting last week with analysts in New York .
The source code was placed on Apple 's Web site today for free downloading .
The role of Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase in arranging such financings for Enron was the subject of a Senate hearing two weeks ago .
Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide says it has completed and installed digital video archive with help of IBM ( S )
Microsoft , in its drive to conquer new markets beyond personal computer software , has consistently run into resistance from companies and industries working to insure there is a competitive alternative to Microsoft .
So far this year , by some measures , Boeing has won roughly 60 percent of new commercial aircraft orders and Airbus has won 35 percent , leaving McDonnell Douglas with about 5 percent of the new orders .
Microsoft replies that , as with the browser , consumers benefit from the convenience of having the media player included with the operating system .
Despite that flop , William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chief executive , who earlier this year also assumed the title of chief software architect , remains committed to the idea of software as an ''agent '' with human attributes .
Someone on the Microsoft team ''dismissed the demonstration as false , but they still acknowledged it as one of the more important points made during the hearing , '' he said .
Mr. Wolf said the shortage of chips hurt Apple because the company had not been able to deliver its newest computer , the iMac G5 , which offers an entirely new design .
Yahoo Inc. posted better-than-expected sales and profits yesterday as it gained market share in both advertising and job listings from its rivals .
Ford Motor said Wednesday that it planned to build a 325-horsepower version of the Ford Shelby GT .
Though some Discover customers have had access to Morgan Stanley 's highly valued stock research , for example , Morgan Stanley took its name off the research reports and made them available on line after a delay to avoid angering full-service brokers and customers .
But the eBay ad exchange has had little success so far .
A.T. & T. researchers hope to send a $ 20,000 Argon-ion laser to their new Russian colleagues for fiber-optic research .
Computer manufacturers that once put only Intel chips inside their boxes are moving to other suppliers .
Analysts said Expedia will pay Amazon some fees in return for sending it customers , but the effect on both companies ' financial results is expected to be modest .
Harvey Hartman , chief executive of the Hartman Group , a food consulting and market research firm , said ConAgra remained too focused on ''industrial food '' that did not reflect changing tastes .
If the dispute can not be settled and Intel stops shipments of its wireless chips for PC 's to China , the company stands to lose , at least temporarily , access to a huge market for its Centrino chips .
American automakers are improving productivity , narrowing gap with their Japanese counterparts ; biggest overall efficiency gains last year took place at General Motors Corp , which was once known for inefficiency ; Ford Motor Co is most efficient American automaker ; Big Three Detroit-based automakers have increased productivity through improved management and organization rather than through use of high-technology computers and robots , though they have integrated such equipment into their factories ; graph ; photos ( M )
AT & T said that NCR , which has lost billions in the last several years , lost $ 37 million in the first quarter and that its revenue dropped 13 percent , to $ 1.5 billion .
Verizon Wireless , the nation 's largest wireless carrier , and AT & T Wireless have reached a deal with NextWave Telecom that will hasten a broader settlement over the ownership of more than $ 16 billion in licenses to provide wireless services , people close to the negotiations said yesterday .
On Monday , PeopleSoft urged its shareholders to retain their stock , arguing that the Oracle bid was likely to be blocked by antitrust regulators in both the United States and Europe .
Microsoft 's position is untenable , the Justice Department said in its filing yesterday .
The creditors have been trying to auction Enron 's 65 percent interest in the project , and the smaller stakes of General Electric and Bechtel , to satisfy debts .
Goodyear is trying to bolster sales by improving its product mix .
Despite America Online 's assurances of continued support for open access , industry executives and public interest watchdogs fear that once it actually owns Time Warner 's high-speed cable network that view may ''evolve , '' as one person close to the deal put it .
Microsoft had already deposited those funds in an escrow account .
She sold children 's clothing through eBay until she decided that it was eating up too much of her revenue .
Instead , the company concludes : ''Our recommendation to Microsoft is to take the bold step to settle immediately and voluntarily spin off a set of technologically coherent companies whose mission is to produce best-of-breed software '' and thereby ''adroitly maneuver out of the current P.R .
Last year , Communities in Schools raised $ 90,000 through its online auction without the help of eBay .
Mr. Todd did not specify the level of any new penalties , but the commission fined Microsoft 497.2 million euros ( $ 655.3 million at current exchange rates ) as part of its 2004 ruling , and 281 million euros last year for failure to comply .
An analyst with the Yankee Group , Roger Entner , said he suspected the real reason for Verizon 's reluctance was that it wanted to avoid additional state regulation , like rules relating to consumer privacy , that could be invoked by the development of a phone directory .
''In theory , we could place the work anywhere , '' said Ian Q. R. Thomas , the president of Boeing India .
Although today 's announcement is expected to be vague about how AT & T will use Notes in the future , the software could allow the company to recreate a service like Network Notes as well as offer the other Internet-based services it has planned .
C. Michael Armstrong , the chairman of AT & T , offered a spirited defense of his tenure and strategy today , even as he said that his company would carefully consider the Comcast Corporation 's unsolicited bid to acquire AT & T 's cable television unit .
In light of Enron 's collapse , with members of Congress and other officials asking how an apparent scheme to manipulate reported finances could have gone undetected , the government 's new details in the Waste Management case , if true , provide evidence of the limited protections that exist for investors if a company 's senior executives and its accountants decide to hide the truth .
The sudden coming change in Apple 's American sales pitches is indicative of the substantive shifts that are roiling Madison Avenue as more giant consumer product marketers , in categories from automobiles to fast food to computers , reassess their agency ties in the face of increasing competition .
Multinational consulting firms like I.B.M. , Accenture and Electronic Data Systems are competing with homegrown competitors like Wipro Ltd. and Tata Consultancy Services to attract employees from among India 's educated , technically qualified and English-speaking pool of workers .
The anguish of unmet expectations might explain the disappointment -- ranging from resignation to conspiracy theories -- that pours forth from some Starbucks regulars .
When the first reports of illness were made on June 8 , executives of Coca-Cola Enterprises in Belgium were called in .
Marriott has contended that when other payments are figured in , the figure is 6 percent .
Some analysts speculated that Johnson & Johnson might then seek to buy St. Jude Medical , another heart device maker .
How does Intel perceive the European market today ?
In part , Kohl 's was able to avoid major discounting because its stores are intentionally located far from big malls .
The European Commission , the executive arm of the European Union , ordered Microsoft within 90 days to offer a version of Windows with its media-playing software stripped out .
Interpublic is undertaking a lengthy list of operational improvements to tighten financial reporting systems and get information faster , Mr. Coughlin said .
Then Mr. Boies asked whether it was true that Microsoft had expressed threatening disapproval to computer manufacturers that worked with Netscape .
In 2001 , if its option grants had been treated as expenses , Amazon would have lost $ 963 million , rather than the $ 567 million loss it reported .
Johnson & Johnson said yesterday that its fourth-quarter profit , excluding special charges , rose 16 percent , to $ 924 million , or 65 cents a share , compared with $ 796 million , or 56 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
Intel executives and lawyers had been closely watching Microsoft take a public relations beating in its antitrust case in a Federal district court here .
Analysis of corporate armistice between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner in light of Microsoft 's accord to pay AOL $ 750 million to settle antitrust suit ; focuses on provision that will let AOL license Microsoft 's Windows Media software and key role such software will play in digital media ( M )
The Ford Motor Company announced today that its chairman and chief executive , Alexander J. Trotman , would stay on 18 months beyond the customary retirement age of 65 for Ford executives , buying time for the company to decide on his successor .
Don Wolfe , the vice president of computing and information services at Brown University , said that when Intel computer specialists visited Brown to describe the grants , ''their marketing thrust was not to get kids to use Intel desktops , but to get researchers to look at Intel '' for high-level computing needs .
Asked in an interview , Jeff Bewkes , chairman of Time Warner 's Entertainment and Network Groups , called the probability of a buyback high .
The request could be made as early as today when the Justice Department and states are scheduled to reply to a Microsoft motion requesting that Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson reject or pare back the case .
Intel has not made a significant reduction in its work force since the mid-1980 's .
Apple Inc. recommended yesterday that users hold off upgrading their computers to Microsoft 's new operating system , Windows Vista , because of compatibility problems with Apple 's iTunes music software .
Microsoft is paying for a favored place in the next generation of high-speed Internet-based computing .
For Microsoft , the series is an effort to raise the profile of its Windows Media technology in Hollywood .
Shoppers like Roland Kögel help explain why Wal-Mart raised the white flag in Germany , the site of the company 's first foray into Europe .
Steve Binder , an aerospace analyst at Bear , Stearns in New York , said that to combat Airbus , Boeing may have to design a new jet to replace the 737 , one that is more compatible with the 777 .
Microsoft had agreed to acquire Intuit in October 1994 in a deal worth roughly $ 2 billion , but abandoned that plan last year under antitrust scrutiny from the Justice Department .
The conventional wisdom says Netscape is the rabbit and Microsoft is the tortoise in the race to create the dominant browser , albeit a large , extremely powerful tortoise that is gaining rapidly .
The AT & T Corporation said yesterday that profit from long-distance telephone and wireless services climbed nearly 14 percent in the first quarter , to $ 1.4 billion , but that sales growth in its long-distance business was appreciably slower than that of its competitors , the Sprint Corporation and MCI Communications .
The Clorox Company named the Bravo Group in San Francisco to handle advertising for its brands aimed at Spanish-speaking consumers , which had been handled by Siboney in New York since 1993 .
The campaign is being created by Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , part of the WPP Group , which is also the creative agency for I.B.M .
Japan 's Suzuki Motor will join General Motors as partner in GM-Daewoo Auto and Technology , company that has emerged from complex deal under wich GM is taking over bankrupt Daewoo Motor ; Suzuki Motor , in which GM has 20 percent stake , will invest significant but still undisclosed portion of $ 400 million that GM has guaranteed as payment for two-thirds of new company ( S )
Aetna is starting its program by increasing payments by 30 percent to 40 percent for selected primary care doctors that it has been training in a depression care program in six states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia , Texas and Oklahoma , as well as the District of Columbia .
Morgan Stanley has been retained to assist in the possible sale of Seventeen .
A result , Kodak said , is that its second-quarter earnings from continuing operations will be 25 to 35 cents a share -- less than half the 60 to 80 cents the company forecast in April and a far cry from the 68 cents that analysts were predicting .
To gauge just how well they met that goal , all reporting for this article -- following an initial briefing at Sony Electronics headquarters in San Jose , Calif. -- was done via E-mail over AT & T 's PersonaLink network , using a Magic Link machine on loan from Sony .
Express Scripts said it would nominate four directors to the 11-member board of Caremark .
But Boeing is still producing the 747 .
As its core business of desktop computer products slows , he said , Intel is pressing more urgently into chip products for faster-growing businesses like mobile and server systems .
''Is there a Wal-Mart effect that is coming into Japan ? ''
Peter F Brooke letter on June 7 editorial on Goldman Sachs chief exec Henry M Paulson 's call for corporate governance reforms ; holds they are noteworthy because they are constructive and because 'they will be unwelcome ' in many boardrooms
A white elephant for the better part of a decade , the building was bought by Fordham Associates in January 2001 for $ 25 million in cash from Vornado , the national real estate investment trust .
The most recent winners , for work that could total as much as $ 300 million , are the Fluor Corporation , based in Aliso Viejo , Calif. ; Washington Group International , in Boise , Idaho ; and the Parini Corporation , in Framingham , Mass .
So Marriott would build its own center , employees would put an end to jury-rigged dealings with aunties and grannies and women down the street , and productivity would surge .
Capitalizing on the record-breaking release of ''Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , '' Warner Brothers has sold the basic cable and broadcast television rights for the film , and the next in the Harry Potter series , to the Walt Disney Company in a deal worth at least $ 130 million , the companies said last night .
Cummins 's revived local factory , for instance , will make light-duty engines for as-yet-unspecified new Chrysler vehicles -- probably light trucks , maybe sport utility vehicles .
Microsoft 's net positive rating among nontechnical business people and among households -- two other groups that Techtel surveys quarterly -- has also declined , but not as much as among information technology experts .
Investigator Of Microsoft Unrelenting In His Pursuit
Google is also rumored to be developing a Web browser as part of its strategy to defend itself against Microsoft , whose new Web search service will almost certainly be integrated into Internet Explorer .
The signal does n't reach my Apple iBook in our room , but it does reach my daughter 's I.B.M .
Delta and AT & T will have equal control over the company , with each company naming the same number of people to its board of directors and top management .
''Ultimately there are only a small number of A-teams at Microsoft by definition , '' Mr. Yoffie said , ''and their ability to conquer all areas of computing is going to be difficult or impossible when they are fighting against other A-teams . ''
Under Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , the chairman , who turns 60 in March and is expected to retire then or shortly thereafter , I.B.M .
He is now making that a top priority , to deflect growing criticism that as Microsoft has added supposedly beneficial features to its software , the products are increasingly awkward .
A senior at Westmoore High School in Oklahoma City , Mary built the spectrograph at home for $ 300 , and her project won the top prize of a $ 100,000 scholarship in the Intel Science Talent Search Monday night in Washington .
The results were based on accounting methods Xerox has discontinued .
Microsoft 's game-software division is a powerhouse , so the company is trying to conquer the market for game paraphernalia like joysticks , steering wheels and stereo speakers .
Through most of the day , Mr. Boies worked to tear down Mr. Schmalensee 's central argument : that Microsoft does not hold significant marketing power and in fact faces real competition in the market for personal computer operating systems .
Johnson & Johnson does not currently have a role in sales of Mevacor by prescription , but it would serve as a partner with Merck in selling an over-the-counter version .
The aide to Mr. Ashcroft , David Israelite , had been the political director of the Republican National Committee , which received hundreds of thousands of dollars from Microsoft during the 2000 presidential campaign .
The Justice Department , where the federal antitrust suit against Microsoft was written , uses WordPerfect .
Citigroup chief executive , Sanford I Weill , taking offensive after weeks of negative publicity regarding company 's role in financing Enron and WorldCom , outlines to employees several changes in way it does business ; says bank will no longer provide financing for companies that plan to conceal debts by keeping them off their balance sheets ( M )
Morgan Stanley and First Boston were first and second , according to Bloomberg News data .
Analysts now expect Ford to offer buyouts to many or all of its hourly employees , mirroring a similar program at General Motors .
Other supermarket executives say that they can go toe-to-toe with Wal-Mart .
The new stores , most of them on the sites of smaller Cingular stores , are a significant part of AT & T 's effort to recast itself as ''the new AT & T , '' and say goodbye to the Cingular brand .
EBay Seller Of Fake Artwork Again Upsets The Auction Site
However , Merck has never disclosed how extensively it planned that study , which was known inside the company as the Valor trial , or how close it came to starting it .
Company officials argue that it is inappropriate for the union to seek to negotiate about unionizing Verizon Wireless because the existing agreement governing those matters does not expire until August 2004 .
To date , he said , CBM had made all of its loan interest payments to Marriott .
Southwest Airlines begins using self-service e-ticket check-in kiosks to make getting boarding pass easier ; continues to board passengers in groups , without assigned seats ; Singapore Airlines will introduce its large new business-class seats on inaugural flight of service between Singapore and Las Vegas via Hong Kong ; is spending $ 100 million to install seats on its flights throughout world ; online columnist Joe Brancatelli jokes that Bill Gates could afford to buy and fix ailing domestic airlines ( M )
AT & T said that Richard J. Martin , the executive vice president for public relations and brand management , had announced plans to retire and would leave the company early next year .
The suit , filed on behalf of workers in Florida and Texas , asked a United States District Court in Miami to certify a class action on behalf of more than six million customers of Humana health plans nationwide .
Many companies have stubbornly and successfully stuck with their conglomerate structures ; most diversified companies , following General Electric Co model , stress only businesses where they can be top players , selling off other units ; try to keep balance sheets clean , avoid purchases that dilute earnings and buy back stock with excess cash when they lack attractive acquisition targets ; tables ; photos ( L )
When executives from Citicorp and American Express met secretly late last year to discuss merging their businesses , it sent a strong message to the investment bankers at Morgan Stanley that the financial world 's heavies were about to descend on Wall Street .
Maytag has scheduled a special shareholders meeting for Aug. 19 to vote on the Ripplewood offer ; Whirlpool 's bid expires the following day .
The pitch was simple : As long as Apple was shopping for software technology , why not take a look at Next , whose long-neglected operating system had a reputation for elegance ?
When Intergraph threatened to enforce those patents , the companies turned to Intel and asked to be indemnified .
Shares of Coca-Cola fell 62.5 cents on the news to close at $ 48.75 on the New York Stock Exchange , while Pepsico lost 25 cents a share , closing at $ 28.75 .
CBS Radio files suit charging Howard Stern used his last months on air to build up his future employer , Sirius Satellite Radio , and gained financial advantages through stock sale at expense of CBS ; Sterm accuses CBS of trying to threaten and bully him and denounces legal action as personal vendetta intended to distract media from bad financial results at CBS-owned radio stations ; photo ( M )
Stuart Elliott Advertising column on expected impact on Madison Avenue as result of agreement by AT & T to buy BellSouth ; AT & T intends to jettison BellSouth and Cingular brands and operate all its divisions as AT & T , which is likely to give it powerful advantage ; photos ( M )
's case , for instance , could have been used in a separate civil case brought against Intel by Intergraph , a producer of specialized computer work stations .
Then , there is a so-called last-look provision , which gives CVS the chance to come back and top any rival bid .
Nike has started selling the form-fitting jerseys ( $ 75 ) and shorts ( $ 60 ) at the campus stores of the four colleges where players have pioneered them .
Earlier this year , Molson joined with Heineken of the Netherlands to form Brazil 's second-biggest brewer .
General Electric reaped $ 1.4 billion earlier this year from the sale of its stake in PaineWebber , and that gain will probably be used to offset charges associated with the closing of Montgomery Ward .
His home is about 12 miles from town , too far from Verizon 's switching station to get its high-speed Internet service .
Jurors have sharply punished Merck in each case it has lost , awarding plaintiffs an average of almost $ 90 million in compensatory and punitive damages , which are supposed to be given only in cases of egregious corporate conduct .
No gas-guzzling trips to nearby Madison , Wis. , for shopping ; no splurging when Wal-Mart will suffice ; no gifts over $ 10 for extended family .
Ford Motor Co says third-quarter profit dropped 16 percent , to $ 994 million , compared with $ 1.19 billion in 1999 period ; net income fell to $ 888 million from $ 1.11 billion ; Ford estimates that cost of closing assembly plants to divert Firestone tires to replacement effort , combined with various administrative and legal costs , amounted to $ 500 million before taxes in quarter ; says it would have had record third-quarter profit were it not for Firestone recall ; photo ( M )
Executives close to Honeywell are weighing whether to file a lawsuit against G.E .
Under the terms of the revised offer , the buyout firms -- the Blackstone Group , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts , the Texas Pacific Group and a unit of Goldman Sachs -- will start a $ 46-a-share tender offer for 20 business days starting on or before June 14 .
Yahoo Strikes Ad Deal With More Papers
The figure is larger than the $ 39.8 million that Yahoo reported , in part because the company amortizes the value of the options over some years and makes different assumptions about their terms .
Airtouch Communications Inc , San Francisco , says vice chairman , Lee Cox , will retire as head of its cellular division on Feb 1 ; he will continue as vice chairman until April 4 and then be director and consultant ; Brian Jones will succeed Cox as chief executive of Airtouch Cellular ; Campbell Soup Co , Camden , NJ , says Frank Weise , senior vice president , has resigned ( S )
After serving as chief executive of Prudential for nine years , Mr. MacNaughton left in 1978 and took charge of the Hospital Corporation , which operated scores of hospitals , mainly in the South and Southwest .
I.B.M .
''I 'm surprised there has n't been more of an outcry , '' Glenn Waller , vice president for Russia at Exxon Mobil , said in an interview .
In a speech Tuesday at a conference sponsored by the Council of Institutional Investors in Washington , Mr. Whitworth said that Mattel needed fresh blood and that the dynamics on the board were not healthy .
United Food and Commercial Workers Canada files application with local labor board in attempt to form union at Wal-Mart store in Windsor , Ontario ; two-week delay resulted when Wal-Mart said unionzed store in Jonquiere , Quebec , would be closed in May ( S )
The catalyst for the scandal came two years ago when Senator McCain began to look into the fine print of an unusual financing arrangement in which the Air Force agreed to lease Boeing 767 aerial refueling tankers .
Intel Corp is planning to detail performance of its second-generation 64-bit Itanium microprocessor at technical meeting in Germany ; Intel , in press release , goes to great lengths to compare new Itanium chip with both its previous Itanium , known as McKinley , and to competing chip from Sun Microsystems ; 64-bit Itanium processor is aimed at high-performance corporate markets ; missing in document is any reference to Intel 's industry-leading Pentium family of microprocessors ; missing comparison is intriguing because recent versions of Pentium have demonstrated sharp performance increases of their own ( M )
Netflix has $ 175 million in cash and is carrying no debt , Mr. Hastings noted , and it has ''no desire or need to be acquired . ''
If you want to find out which processor is best at the computing you do , visit www.intel.com/performance .
Research in Motion said it would use a new chip from Intel for its next generation of BlackBerry wireless e-mail devices and phones .
He maintains that to this day lawyers working for Morgan Stanley are seeking to pressure or cajole him to keep silent in the matter .
Directors from both Conrail and CSX , who had announced a merger agreement on Oct. 15 , had been meeting Monday night and again on Tuesday to work out a response to Norfolk Southern 's bid of $ 110 a share .
Microsoft said it expected revenue this quarter of $ 13.7 billion to $ 14 billion , and earnings of 45 cents or 46 cents a share , in line with analysts ' expectations .
Few new television shows had as much going for them this fall as ''Smith , '' a CBS series about a career thief out for one last big score before he retires .
But experts said many users without up-to-date virus protection neglected to download and install Microsoft 's protective program and were thus susceptible to the attack by the so-called Blaster worm .
At Motorola , Plans to Raise $ 2.7 Billion In a Spinoff
While the downgrade to an Aa3 rating from Aa2 is neither precipitous nor unexpected -- 12 other states carry Moody 's Aa3 rating , and 11 more remain at Aa2 -- it will increase the cost of borrowing money for major projects like building roads and schools and revitalizing the state 's struggling larger cities .
''People did not appreciate the software hooks Microsoft could put into DOS to make it so hard for users to switch , insuring a technology lock-in , '' he said .
Office 12 features an entirely new graphical user interface that allows for personalization , which Microsoft said was increasingly important as computer users seek to have software adapt to their specific needs .
But Coca-Cola has devised a simpler , cleaner approach : it will ask investment banks to place bids on the options , and average those to set a price .
Wal-Mart Stores , which used mix of cheaply produced goods , discount prices and aggressive store growth to become dominant United States retailing force , has had more checkered experience expanding abroad ; seems successful in some nations , while struggling in others ; faces cultural obstacles and political and labor issues ; drawing ( M )
Yahoo closed the books on a tough year yesterday , reporting that its sales rebounded in the fourth quarter from an especially sluggish third quarter and promising investors that it would soon turn on technology that it hoped would close the widening gap with Google .
He handled the bulk of the arguments in this trial , including questioning of Raymond V. Gilmartin , Merck 's former chief executive , last Thursday .
Microsoft , based in Redmond , Wash. , proposed changes to Vista that would address those concerns and said it had not been told whether the changes would be adequate .
At the top of the scale , meanwhile , Marquis Jet announced last week a new service , M Club , that will allow up to 100 new members to pay $ 125,000 toward flight time in the top-end Boeing Business Jet , which has 1,000 square feet of cabin space , including two bedrooms and two and a half bathrooms .
In adding stores , he said , CVS plans to continue to invest in technology that improves efficiency at all levels of its business .
Even though some industry experts insist they should pull back , General Motors and Ford Motor are busy building huge new assembly plants in Thailand and preparing to open up to five more factories in Southeast Asia and China .
But if Blockbuster and Wal-Mart ''wanted to get at the market in a big way , they could beat Netflix , '' said Safa Rashtchy , a senior analyst at Piper Jaffray .
Five years ago , when Procter 's sales were temporarily stagnating as new products floundered , Durk Jager , then the chief executive , broached the possibility of a merger with Gillette executives and was rebuffed .
Merck cited the 18-month theory when it withdrew Vioxx , a painkiller , from the market in September 2004 , based on preliminary findings from a clinical trial called Approve .
Floyd Norris comment on financial problems at Corning Inc that led to elimination of its dividend , closing of manufacturing plant that opened last year , another that was under construction and layoffs of people hired last year ; says Corning will survive ; holds even as it was making ill-considered bets on fiber optics industry , it was protecting itself financially ; says rather than repurchase its own stock with borrowed money it issued stock to finance its acquisitions ; says Corning has $ 1 billion in cash and ample bank lines ; graph ( M )
If the Comcast deal is completed , AT & T shareholders would get about 34 shares of AT & T Comcast for each 100 AT & T shares they own , while the reverse split would cut that holding down to 20 new AT & T shares .
But the takeover of Grey Global by WPP will soon put Procter and WPP in the same boardrooms and may make Procter less likely to shift the Gillette media assignments from MindShare .
It has been clear since shortly after Comcast made its offer on July 8 that AT & T would not simply say yes to the first Roberts offer .
Fidelity 's belt-tightening comes after job cuts at other fund and financial services companies , including Putnam Investments and the Charles Schwab Corporation .
Verizon Wireless customers can sign up for text messages , created by the ''Smallville '' executive producers , that offer plot updates presented as reports from The Daily Planet , the newspaper in the series .
Microsoft also warned today that the era of ''open computing , '' the free exchange of digital information that has defined the personal computer industry , is ending .
In August , Gap reported second-quarter earnings of $ 56.8 million , down 37 percent from the period a year ago .
At the time of the introduction of My Services , Microsoft also proclaimed that it would have a set of prominent partners in areas like finance and travel for the My Services system .
American Home , however , has fewer financial resources than Pfizer and may have some liabilities still to come from its problems with the fen-phen diet drug .
The suit , filed on behalf of employees of Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club stores in California , argued that the chain violated state law more than eight million times from Jan. 1 , 2001 , to May 6 , 2005 , said the plaintiffs ' lawyer , Jessica Grant of the Furth Firm of San Francisco .
IBM 's plan to acquire Rational Software , leading supplier of software tools , continues IBM 's aggressive drive to build its prowess in software based on Internet standards , thus positioning itself as main challenger to Microsoft and its dominance of software industry ; IBM believes that networked computing world is more technologically diverse than Microsoft 's model can handle and that benefits to companies and consumers will come more quickly by using open-technology standards , like Linux and Java , that are not controlled by one company ; Bill Gates argues that IBM offers only a patchwork of programming , not as coherent or as integrated as Microsoft 's products ; disputes notion that using Linux is ultimately cheaper than Windows ; photos ( M )
Mr. Keogh , whose company is a subsidiary of the American International Group , one of the largest underwriters of corporate liability insurance , added , ''It 's dysfunctional to have a product where all the responsibility is on the insurer financially , and none of it on the insured . ''
Earlier this week , Coke announced that it would begin counting the stock options it grants its executives and employees as an expense .
Last witness for Microsoft Corp finished testifying on May 10 at hearings to determine whether company should face tougher penalties than those it agreed to in proposed settlement of Justice Department 's antitrust case ; several key questions in case remain unresolved ; Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly , who has little background in either technology or antitrust law , has reserved judgment on fundamental issue of how broad scope of remedy should be ; Kollar-Kotellyu , after crash course on high-tech industries , will hear oral arguments on Microsoft motion to exclude much of evidence states presented ( M )
To begin with , Lazard Freres & Company advised MCI while N. M. Rothschild of London and Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Company counseled British Telecom when the first proposal was made earlier this year .
Arts , Briefly column ; HarperCollins , book publishing division of News Corp , will introduce 125 nonfiction and reference works in US in fall under Collins imprint ; photo ( S )
But this time , viewing is on Viacom 's terms .
In an e-mail message that Judge Kollar-Kotelly struck from the record , Barry Schuler , chief executive at AOL Time Warner , wrote to a RealNetworks executive that negotiations had broken down when Microsoft had insisted that America Online drop RealPlayer .
Following Procter 's first-place ranking on the list , at $ 5.8 billion , were Unilever , at No.2 with $ 3.5 billion , and General Motors , in third place with $ 3.4 billion .
Intel plans to invest more than $ 1 billion in the new business , Intel Online Services Inc. , which opened at a site near Intel 's headquarters in Santa Clara , Calif .
Lehman Brothers is finishing $ 80 million program of completing interior of building at Seventh Avenue and 49th Street that it bought from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter for about $ 700 million ; Lehman , which was displaced from its space at 3 World Financial Center by Sept 11 terrorist attack , will use building as its headquarters ; Morgan Stanley has bought old Texaco headquarters in Westchester County ; photo ( M )
Questions about who knew what , and when , continue to dog the Walt Disney Company , which disclosed on Monday that its board had been advised of an overture to enter merger talks with the Comcast Corporation ahead of a $ 54 billion bid .
While Mr. Condit may have been more warmly regarded inside Boeing , Mr. Stonecipher 's style has always been liked on Wall Street , where he won high marks for eliminating jobs and cutting programs .
announced four new servers that it hopes will help it compete better with Compaq Computer , the leader in the portion of the server market based on Intel microchips and Microsoft operating systems .
''The Microsoft deal was very important , '' Mr. Markman said .
`` We think that people will leave their telephone lines on all the time , '' said Tom Evslin , vice president for AT & T 's Worldnet service , as the company 's Internet business is called .
The changes to Wal-Mart 's health insurance plan represent a victory for the retailer 's critics , particularly organized labor and the two groups that have pushed it to raise wages and benefits , Wal-Mart Watch and Wake Up Wal-Mart , both formed in 2005 .
Intel says that the player 's software can be upgraded to accommodate future music formats .
Medtronic To Acquire A Treatment For Obesity
Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column on using eBay Stores Web site , where sellers list their goods for fixed prices ; photo ( M )
''In a world where you have Warner Brothers , Turner and AOL and Time Warner Cable and a WB Network in the control of one company , and in a world where there is a DirecTV and a Fox and Fox Studio and the Fox Cable networks , '' said Larry Gerbrandt , chief content officer of the research company Kagan Media World , ''Comcast can make a strong case that this just gets them back to a level playing field .
That operation , known as the Raytheon Aircraft Company and built around the Beech Aircraft Company that Raytheon acquired in 1980 , had appeared to be running smoothly .
Motorola sent out notices saying that service would end at 11:59 p.m. on March 17 .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter yesterday accused a former employee who filed a discrimination suit against it of brazenly stealing the firm 's money through systematic false expense claims , and said that the employee 's contentions of racism and homophobia at the firm amounted to an ''extortion scheme . ''
The changes came after Mattel , in what has become an all too familiar scenario , stung investors in last year 's fourth quarter by reporting an unexpected 67 percent drop in earnings .
''It would easily cost twice as much to set up a similar operation in the United States , '' Ketan Sampat , the president of Intel Technology India , said .
Indeed , while Toys ''R '' Us is still the biggest toy retailer in the country , Wal-Mart Stores has emerged as an unwanted bully in its sandbox , threatening to wrest away some of its business .
The board said it heard evidence that Wal-Mart had made no real effort to find another tenant to assume its 20-year lease on the store and that the building had neither been sold nor demolished .
''The numbers are as strong an upside compared to consensus as we 've seen in a while '' at Cisco , said Bert Hochfeld , an analyst with Hochfeld Independent Research Group .
He calculated that Chevron 's share of the oil shipped last year averaged 51,000 barrels a day and would rise to about 85,000 barrels daily in 1997 .
Lawyers for the Justice Department will call their first witnesses on Monday in the government 's lawsuit to block Oracle 's proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft , after opening statements by both sides .
''I do n't picture stuff circling around my head , '' he said , though after being read an Amazon press release he conceded that might be possible .
Amazon.com hopes to sell books and its expanding variety of goods to Planet All 's 1.5 million members .
Amgen to Buy Abgenix , Getting Complete Control of New Colon Cancer Drug
The three companies that objected -- American International Group of New York , the Chubb Corporation of Warren , N.J. , and the St. Paul Companies -- said they worried that the weaker Cigna company might not have enough assets to pay its claims .
A representative from Amazon has been invited to the meeting .
When the suit was filed by the Justice Department and state attorneys general in May 1998 , it spoke of Microsoft 's tactics against Netscape as part of a ''pattern of practices . ''
Shares of Morgan Stanley fell 65 cents yesterday , to $ 51.75 .
BUSINESS TRAVEL RECOVERY -- There will be a steady rebound in business travel throughout the world next year , according to the annual American Express Global Business Travel Forecast , which was released yesterday .
In a development that caught investors by surprise , Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , controlled by the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett , disclosed yesterday that it had increased its stake in the Comcast Corporation by about $ 150 million , doubling its holding to 10 million shares with a total value of $ 323.6 million .
Boeing 's last-minute concessions on Tuesday narrowly averted a trade battle between the European Union and the United States .
That all began to wind down in 1992 when Microsoft chose to include grammar checking as a feature in its dominant writing program , Word .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company reported a 5 percent drop in net income for its third fiscal quarter yesterday , but it beat analysts ' expectations and turned in a stronger performance than either Goldman , Sachs & Company or Lehman Inc. , the two other Wall Street firms that reported quarterly results this week .
Every chief executive received a new Pocket PC , the hand-held computer from Hewlett-Packard , equipped with Microsoft software for reading electronic books and other Web-based functions .
Growth rates slowed significantly in the United States , in part because of fee increases eBay imposed in mid-February , and also in Germany .
1 agency company , and Omnicom Group , which ranks second .
Garry Neel , managing director at Troy , Mich , office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , is named to added post , worldwide account director for General Motors Corp ( S )
Shares in Aetna , based in Hartford , Conn. , fell $ 6.35 , to $ 29.80 .
Ms. Kroes , who will visit New York later this week to meet with her United States counterparts , said Microsoft 's stalling tactics were failing , as far as she was concerned .
It remains to be seen how this issue might play out in other parts of the country as other parts of Verizon 's union work force come up for contract renewal in coming years .
The plane order is among the largest of the year and one that Boeing and Airbus , based in France , competed ferociously to win .
''With this agreement , the network will receive the management focus and resources necessary to maintain its standing as a world-class provider of connectivity to I.B.M .
Microsoft filed its trademark suit against Lindows.com , saying it was using a copycat name , and then asked the court for a preliminary injunction to halt quickly what it deemed an illegal practice by an emerging rival .
FireWire is one of the technologies that Apple regards as crucial to its strategy to increase its share of the personal computer market at a time when the industry is suffering .
Another 1,000 unionized AT & T employees will essentially work for I.B.M .
In Los Angeles , Rupert Murdoch and executives at his News Corporation met today with Kirch 's bank creditors and other investors about a possible takeover of Premiere , the money-losing pay television network that is the biggest reason for the Kirch Group 's collapse .
The move will accelerate I.B.M .
The Ford Motor Company struggled today to keep a serious industrial accident that paralyzed its River Rouge manufacturing complex from causing shutdowns at other factories across North America .
The antitrust case against Microsoft is seen by many as a challenge to the culture of the 23-year-old company , where some employees can still remember Mr. Gates , the company 's founder and now by far the richest man in the United States , sleeping on the floor and talking about building Microsoft into an ''institution . ''
If Verizon does not raise , some MCI shareholders may complain .
I.B.M .
Although Honeywell and United Technologies compete for aircraft engine sales , their replacement parts are not interchangeable , so they can easily sell the parts jointly on the Web .
It is also the first time American Express , which pays for newspaper advertisements in exchange for the right to sell the tickets , has offered early access to future tickets for a show that was already running .
Mr. Gordon left Bank of America soon after the fund investigation became public and could not be reached for comment last night .
Microsoft licensed Java from Sun last December , even though the software giant is also encouraging software developers to write new generations of Internet applications using its own competing technology , called Active X .
Mr. Cannon said he found the News Corporation case more convincing .
Though 72 percent of Wal-Mart 's hourly sales employees are women , according to the plaintiffs , who relied on data from government regulators , women represent only one-third of the company 's managers .
On Oct. 1 , after Merck 's decision to withdraw Vioxx , Pfizer said in a press release , ''The evidence distinguishing the cardiovascular safety of Celebrex has accumulated over years in multiple completed studies , none of which has shown any increased cardiovascular risk for Celebrex . ''
Some worried that General Electric was abandoning decades of building its corporate brand image , a foolhardy endeavor at a time consumers are bombarded with more advertising than ever .
But Lawrence C. Best , Boston Scientific 's chief financial officer , told analysts yesterday that the company was investigating whether its tax structure would allow it to sell as much as 25 percent of the subsidiary without incurring too much expense .
Indeed , Wall Street 's concerns that PC growth is slowing and that Microsoft is not making the transition to the post-PC era of computing fast enough have been perhaps the main reason -- more than the breakup proposal -- that the company 's shares dropped so much on Monday .
When a manufacturer like Cisco tells its suppliers to stop or slow production , said Jim Sacherman , a vice president at Flextronics , the second-largest contract manufacturer , ''it 's not that someone did n't get the message to turn it off . ''
Correction : December 23 , 1999 , Thursday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about profits at the Goldman Sachs Group misstated the title of David Viniar .
Though this is not part of the I.B.M .
Several industry analysts said the impact of the economy on Oracle might have been intensified by the recent departure of several high-level managers to other companies , including Ray Lane , the company 's former president , who resigned last year .
's first investigation of Intel was dropped , Intel said it had put its employees through extensive antitrust training .
Nike is now on its second search firm for a chief financial officer .
Monday 's merger between America Online and Time Warner has put the spotlight on whether Yahoo , which in half a decade has become a force on the Web and one of the world 's most valuable companies , will merge with a traditional media company like Walt Disney or even a cable or phone company .
The most drastic structural remedy , of course , would be to break up Microsoft .
''This really strengthens our skills , especially in clinical systems and processes , '' said Neil de Crescenzo , who leads I.B.M .
As part of the contract , which Mr. Soriani engineered , I.B.M .
Microsoft 's $ 6 million investment bought 11.9 percent of the company and a license to use some General Magic technologies , which Mr. Myhrvold declined to identify .
Tim Boyd , a Caris & Company analyst , said that eliminating duplication and red tape at Yahoo would be difficult .
Analysts were quick to note that Ms. Krawcheck had limited operational experience and virtually no background in areas like consumer banking and insurance , which make up a large chunk of Citigroup 's revenues .
''When you look at Cisco , it 's hard to believe there are any threats , but the non-Cisco next generation companies are now a $ 4 billion business growing in excess of 150 percent , '' he said .
Airbus 's approach contrasts sharply with that of its American rival Boeing , which has announced 30,000 layoffs in its commercial aircraft business .
His duties are being split , with the search advertising sales efforts reporting to Gregory Coleman , Yahoo 's executive vice president for global ad sales .
Improper Accounting Leads Interpublic to Restate Results
Verizon Communications said yesterday that it had requested federal approval to offer long-distance service in Pennsylvania .
It contended the AT & T practice had raised costs for local telephone companies .
At its closing price of $ 138 yesterday , Microsoft 's shares have a stratospheric price-to-earnings ratio of 52.37 .
Gap is a different story -- if not a speculative one .
But Wall Street is even more worried about another piece of prospective trouble that Boston Scientific could face as soon as September .
I.B.M .
He cited the hundreds of millions spent to shore up Microsoft 's products , and its plans to deliver more secure products in the future .
decided to go it alone with OS/2 , and the antagonism Mr. Norris described today resulted largely from I.B.M .
Interpublic shares ended in New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 13.32 , up 5 cents , or 0.4 percent .
US autommakers are trying to speed process of ordering vehicles ; they are trying to speed things up , partly because Internet makes it possible and partly because their control over sales process is threatened by online buying services , which allow customers in search of right car to check dozens or even hundreds of dealers quickly ; General Motor Corp and Ford Motor Co will announce particularly ambitious ventures to accelerate production and delivery in coming weeks ; both companies will start with one or two models , then convert thre rest of their models and factories to faster , more flexible production and distribution ; they and other automakers want to be able , within a few years , to supply exactly the car customer wants in as little as two weeks ; charts ; photos ( M )
''Verizon 's policy is definitely exclusionary , '' said Ryan Turner , who directs nonprofit technology policy projects at O.M.B .
Verizon Communication owns 55 percent of Verizon Wireless ; the Vodafone group owns the remainder .
Intuit Inc chief executive William H Harris , testifying in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial , urges Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to divide or limit Microsoft so that company can not use its market-dominating Windows operating system to promote its other products ; Microsoft lawyer John Warden opens his cross-examination of Harris by chastising him for offering such testimony without giving Microsoft any warning ( M )
Patty Smith , a spokeswoman for Amazon.com , said the company sent a letter to NeuLevel in late July ''outlining our concerns with their pay-to-play lottery scheme for allocating .biz addresses . ''
In an I.B.M .
The Moody 's report was particularly damaging for Computer Associates because the company 's financial statements are complicated , making it difficult for investors to judge its health based on its reported sales or profits .
Yahoo gave Google its first big break , agreeing to use its search service .
Oracle 's plan differs by being more comprehensive than any single competitor 's technology .
But now , I.B.M .
In AT & T 's cable television business , which the company intends to sell to Comcast , AT & T said revenue grew 9.8 percent in the quarter .
That fear seemed to come to life last February at a telecommunications industry conference in Cannes , France , when Microsoft and Intel , the dominant producer of PC microprocessors , announced that they are working on a joint design for sophisticated phones that they will license to cellphone makers .
Mr. Burgum added that his division , which was formed by Microsoft 's acquisition of Great Plains Software in 2001 and Navision in 2002 , was still losing money .
But some competitors and some antitrust regulators worry that Microsoft 's programming tools -- combined with its dominant positions in desktop operating systems and Web browsing software and its Passport online identification system -- threaten to let Microsoft gain an unfair advantage in Web services .
complaint focused on Intel 's dealing with its customers -- not rivals or potential rivals who might challenge Intel .
Dell , in first step toward transforming its ailing strategy of selling direct to consumers , plans to offer computers at Wal-Mart Stores , starting in June ; will sell only two models of multimedia computers from Dell 's low-end Dimension line , though they will be available in more than 3,000 stores in US and Puerto Rico ; computers will sell for less than $ 700 ( M )
Slate is somewhat protected from being driven out of business because of the deep pockets of its owner , Microsoft , but in 1999 it abandoned trying to charge for subscriptions and returned to relying mostly on revenue from advertising .
Intuit Inc , which makes software for tax preparation , says its profit forecast for third quarter will be better than predicted by about 7 percent , largely because of increased sales on Internet ( S )
Discounting of books comes to a virtual halt at chains like Barnes & Noble and Borders and at the Web sites of Amazon.com , Barnesandnoble.com and Borders.com ; erstwhile discounters cite rising costs , slowing growth rates and the wisdom of experience ; price increases by online stores are particularly significant because of their implications about the future of Internet bookselling ; many books are now more expensive online than at the cover price in a traditional store when shipping costs are added ; end of discounting comes at expense of consumers and publishers , but the independent booksellers are breathing a sign of relief ; graph ( M )
''Her mentor was Bob Willumstad , '' said Charles D. Mumaw , a salesman for Primerica , a consumer finance subsidiary of Citigroup .
Mr. Loring 's book includes both watercolor sketches and photos of jeweled masterpieces like Tiffany 's dragonfly hair ornament and the grapevine necklace created for the 1904 St. Louis Exposition .
Dr. LaCorte contends that Merck sold Pepcid to hospitals for about 10 cents a tablet , but charges the government as much as $ 1.65 each .
Apple is expected to add a networking capability to its next-generation iPod music players .
Both Yahoo and MySimon offered more DEJ01 choices .
Another Snag For Comcast As Its E-Mail Goes Awry
But in a presentation this year , General Mills vigorously defended its cereal .
Whatever his credibility , the prevailing mystery in the story is why Morgan Stanley nursed a relationship of any kind with Mr. Luethke , who has never been an employee of the firm and has no financial training .
Most analysts and investors say that Norfolk Southern must win the court battle , otherwise the monetary value of its offer will decline over the two years it must wait , making the bid less enticing for shareholders .
Kathleen B. Blanco said that Procter 's prompt decision to reopen gave promise to region that had been economically and emotionally devastated by the storm .
Prince was picked last year to run Citigroup 's investment banking operations after regulators began an investigation into conflicts of interest in investment research at the operations .
Honeywell 's WebPAD is a wireless Internet appliance .
Jeff Briere , a minister with the Unitarian Universalist Church in Chattanooga , Tenn. , and a member of the abortion rights coalition , said he was worried about an anti-abortion slant in the books Amazon recommended and in the ''pro-life '' and ''adoption '' related topic links .
Joe Sharkey On The Road column on customer loyalty toward airlines ; holds that airlines are alienating frequent fliers in order to raise fares and save money ; says that loyalty is no longer sensible ; uses Web sites such as Orbitz , Travelocity and Expedia to book flights ; Flyertalk.com discusses deterioration of elite-status programs ; drawing ( M )
In reviving the old commercials , Coca-Cola is shelving two more recent television campaigns .
Greg Wrenn , a lawyer for Yahoo , said that the issue raised this question : ''Do Americans really want Internet service providers and portals deciding what they can and can not post , if it is otherwise legal ? ''
Today , two of Home Depot 's four highest-paid executives hail from G.E. , including its director of human resources .
The battle for P & O Princess has been raging since December , when Carnival moved to disrupt a friendly merger between P & O and Royal Caribbean Cruises with a $ 5.5 billion hostile bid for P & O .
Merck has maintained that it was only last fall , when a clinical test showed that Vioxx increased heart risks , that the company had clear proof the drug was dangerous .
Investigators say medical brokers are behind growing number of abusive and often fraudulent charges in treatment of auto accident victims in Florida ; across country , fraud and abuse in diagnostic imaging , one of most expensive and common medical procedures for auto accident victims , is major reason injury claims in several states are rising at three times rate of medical costs in general ; nationwide fraud and abuse related to medical treatment for auto accident victims cost insurers about $ 5.4 billion a year and add average of nearly $ 35 to annual cost of every car insurance policy ; lawsuits involving Advanced Imaging Center in Clermont , Fla , and Hartford Financial Services Group discussed ; chart ; photos ( M )
Apple Computer introduced the eMac yesterday , a white all-in-one computer resembling the original iMac that will be marketed to students and educators .
News Corporation Buying Heritage Media of Dallas
Over the last few years International Paper has bought Federal Paper Board , Union Camp and Shorewood Packaging .
''We 're turning the whole issue upside down , '' said Robert Muglia , the Microsoft group vice president for .Net services .
Still , Comcast 's expansion has been slowed by the costly modernization of its network .
AT & T also recently announced an alliance with America Online , the nation 's largest commercial on-line service .
''There are real doubts about the future of I.B.M .
George M. C. Fisher , Kodak 's chairman and chief executive , once predicted that digital operations would break even in 1997 .
By way of comparison , Cisco earned 54 cents a share in fiscal 2000 .
Mr. Icahn 's battle with Motorola could culminate in a vote at the shareholder meeting , which is expected to take place in May unless the company reaches a settlement with him before then .
No other serious buyers , however , appear close to making a bid , though Time Warner and General Electric , through its NBC division , are said to be considering offers .
Today , I.B.M .
Ms. Tassler said CBS was planning to put the already filmed episodes of ''Smith '' on its Internet site for viewing and to post synopses of the plans for the full season of shows .
But on Friday , Mr. Ellison mocked the apparent conversion by Microsoft .
Investors and analysts have said that some of AT & T 's systems could fit well with the Comcast footprint .
NBC Studied Dow Jones Bid With Microsoft
Interpublic has already endured difficulties that include a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation of accounting irregularities ; two restatements of earnings dating to 1996 ; a suspension of the dividend ; repeated misses of earnings estimates ; and several downgradings of corporate debt , to one level above junk status .
But some publishing executives also noted that Amazon , by far the largest online bookseller , stands to benefit far more than they do .
For years , even as evidence that the medicine might increase risk of heart attacks mounted , Merck disputed such findings .
In a case important more for political than practical implications , the Nynex Corporation goes on trial here Monday on criminal charges that it intentionally violated terms of the antitrust consent decree that broke up A.T. & T. in 1984 .
Staples led with $ 60.4 million for the 1998 period , followed by Office Depot at $ 55.6 million and Officemax at $ 46.5 million .
At Microsoft , a Smart Guy Has His Hands Full With the Smart Phone Business
Four agencies on the Coca-Cola corporate roster are taking part in the Powerade review : McCann-Erickson , which also handles Coca-Cola Classic ; Berlin Cameron & Partners in New York , which handles brands like Dasani and Nestea Cool ; Cliff Freeman & Partners in New York , brands like Fanta ; and Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , Diet Coke .
Morgan Stanley , which merged with Dean Witter two years ago , also worried about the difficulty of tackling another large merger now .
Apple will also ship a more powerful version of its Powerbook notebook computer this month .
So far the Century Strategies lobbying campaign has not clearly moved Mr. Bush into Microsoft 's camp .
Mr. Hertzberg , who is in his early 60 's and has been the second-ranking newsroom editor , was once seen as a leading contender for Mr. Brauchli 's job .
According to a report in The New York Observer , John Doerr , an Amazon director , called Lehman 's chairman in an attempt to suppress publication of the report .
acknowledged in the complaint that the investment climate of the 1990 's provided a motive for Xerox to take the steps it did .
Rolling Stone Editor and Adobe Executive Put $ 800,000 Into Salon Web Site
Aon , which is in the midst of a wide-ranging company reorganization , had recently set up one of four national customer service centers in the World Trade Center .
The company sells the chips upon request , instead of mass producing them for a widely distributed line of chips , said William O'Leary , a spokesman for I.B.M .
Wish lists at Amazon , Target.com , and eToys.com , for example , have ''date added '' windows that show when the item was listed .
Johnson & Johnson 's stock increased 5.5 percent , or $ 5.25 , to $ 99.75 .
In trying to make that shift on its own , Time Warner had struggled badly .
Boyd Group chairman Michael Boyd says soaring oil prices are likely to be boon for aircraft manufacturers who are producing new fuel-efficient planes , address to group 's annual industry outlook conference , Denver ; traffic on regional airlines was up 28.1 percent in second quarter of 2004 ; average passenger trip-length for regional airlines in quarter was 417 miles , up 10.4 percent over period last year ; online hotel check-in has arrived ; customers at Radisson Hotels and Resorts in US can check in to their rooms on Internet as early as seven days before arrival ; Boeing says it has five new commitments for orders for its top-of-the-line Boeing Business Jets ; American Airlines cuts its business fares from select US cities to dozens of destinations in Caribbean , Mexico and Latin America ; photo ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
The decision came after a closed review began last month when Microsoft withdrew the account from Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. Anderson & Lembke teamed up with McCann-Erickson to take part in the review .
When she was denied promotion , Morgan Stanley effectively capped her salary , Mr. Outten said , adding that managing directors in her department are believed to make in excess of $ 3 million a year .
Wal-Mart 's Censorship Should Carry Labels
I.B.M .
Both pleaded with Boeing to reconsider .
Microsoft wanted all but a few hundred workers to proceed separately .
The Target Corporation , too , sells apparel on its Amazon-based store , with Target handling the sales , shipping and customer service .
In its statement , Lockheed Martin said , ''The corporation appreciates the opportunity to enter into a settlement agreement with the Department of State that resolves the charges .
I.B.M .
Yahoo Inc says Gregory G Coleman , former senior vice president at Reader 's Digest , will become executive vice president for North American operations ( S )
Comcast 's governance practices have not been immune from criticism either .
Intel , world 's leading maker of computer chips , will try to spend its way through troubled economic times ; chief executive Craig R Barrett tells semiannual Intel Developer Forum in San Jose that he has seen sharp slowdown in American manufacturing , but he rebuts report from Salomon Smith Barney analyst saying that Intel will reduce its spending budget , which calls for $ 12 billion investment in research , development and production this year ; Intel executives say they have no plans to slow their pace of acquisitions ; photo ( M )
As a result , AT & T said , its business-services revenue declined by 3 percent in the fourth quarter , to $ 6.6 billion .
The merger makes Honeywell the leading seller of controls and services for pulp and paper plants .
He has waged a private battle against Morgan Stanley for months .
Before coming to Microsoft , he was an executive at Waggener Edstrom , Microsoft 's longtime public relations firm .
''Halliburton has successfully managed asbestos-related liabilities and settled more than 201,000 claims over a 25-year period at an average cost of $ 200 , '' Mr. Lesar added .
The Xerox Corporation 's stock has recently been popular with investors , but traders of its bank debt are a lot more skeptical about the company 's prospects .
But details were sketchy in AT & T 's announcement , which comes a week after a broad push into Internet services by the rival MCI Communications and a week ahead of a new Internet-based venture by the Microsoft Corporation .
To his dismay , he found a brand-new one standing there , too -- a machine installed by Coca-Cola Enterprises , the world 's biggest Coke bottler and the supplier to the $ 5-million-a-year McGee & Sons family business .
Six of nation 's largest music retailers plan to announce that they are joining forces to sell music that can be downloaded from Web ; Best Buy , Tower Records , Virgin Entertainment Group , Wherehouse Entertainment , Hastings Entertainment and Trans World Entertainment unite to create service called Echo ; music sellers search for new revenue sources to compensate for two-year decline in compact disc sales ( M )
In the first big step toward turning its unprofitable European operations around , the Ford Motor Company announced today that it would reduce employment by a third , or 1,300 workers , at its Halewood assembly plant near Liverpool , which makes its European Escort models .
They have met with management at Sensormatic and Fleming , are scheduled to meet with executives of Summit in late February , and are trying to set up meetings at Apple and Bassett .
The judge is not obligated to accept Microsoft 's request .
Freezing on the ''Saving your settings '' screen was considered a bug in the initial release of Windows XP , but Microsoft included a fix for the problem in Windows Service Pack 1 , released in 2002 .
''Bristol-Myers Squibb is this monster-sized company , '' said David Saks , a managing director at Gruntal & Company .
XEROX -- More fun than deciphering the various explanations of why the French skating judge voted as she did was to figure out the relationships among the members of a dysfunctional family dining together in a commercial for the color copiers sold by Xerox .
The second letter , dated Nov. 4 , provided details of Pfizer 's formal offer to buy Warner-Lambert .
Executives of Johnson & Johnson now believe that Guidant 's current value is significantly lower than in December , when the deal was struck , said the two people involved in the talks .
John F. Welch Jr. , the former chief executive of General Electric , will pay for most of the corporate perks he negotiated to receive in retirement , including the use of a Boeing 737 business jet and an apartment overlooking Central Park , the company confirmed yesterday .
But it is clear that Amazon.com is already making moves to expand into Bertelsmann 's European turf .
Mr. Lee not only established Microsoft 's research labs in China , but he is also an expert in areas like natural language and speech-recognition technologies -- important ingredients to Internet search today and to the way people will interact with computers in the future .
After 11 years of teasing parched New Yorkers , the animated Coca-Cola sign in Times Square is dark .
As the Starbucks sandwiches cooled , the texture changed noticeably ( as is often the case with microwaved sandwiches ) , leaving tough bread and bacon , rubbery cheese and spongy egg .
Yahoo faces vigorous competition in this area from Google , the leader in Internet advertising sales , and Microsoft , which is entering the area .
Smaller , more efficient and comfortable twin-aisle airplanes are the way to do this , Boeing says .
did not invest enough in new plants in recent years to stay competitive and is therefore ''capacity constrained '' -- meaning it is selling all the chips it can make -- rather than being improperly limited by any actions on Intel 's part .
Ms. Grand-Anderman said she would sign up with Verizon 's competitors for her telecommunications needs , which include long-distance and high-speed Internet services .
It is not clear whether Mr. Weill will have any more huge paydays because Citigroup has not disclosed how it will pay him as chairman .
Boston Scientific had responded with claims that Medinol 's violations of their contract had cost it hundreds of millions of dollars .
Correction : October 7 , 1999 , Thursday An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the sale of TV Guide to the Gemstar International Group and the creation of a merged company , TV Guide International , misstated the publication 's future relationship to News Corporation , the Rupert Murdoch company and a 44 percent shareholder .
Cardinal Health in Surprise $ 2.2 Billion Deal
Executives close to the process cautioned that Wal-Mart had only expressed an interest and had not yet begun any diligence or held any substantive talks .
After falling behind on orders for its Pentium 4 chips , Intel said it was finally able to fulfill all orders and even stockpile some of the new chips .
The government , according to Oracle , is taking an unrealistically narrow view of a fast-moving high-technology market .
And analysts , some of whom lowered their estimates for Gap 's earnings yesterday , said that the company faced at least another couple of uncertain quarters as it tried to entice shoppers into its stores for fashion , not just for basics like khakis and jeans .
I.B.M .
In addition to MySpace , the News Corporation bought IGN Entertainment , which runs Web sites that sell video games and other types of entertainment ( one of its properties , Rotten Tomatoes , is a competitor to Moviefone on AOL ) , and Scout Media , which runs the sports-oriented site Scout.com .
US Energy Department and General Electric Co will announce major breakthrough in natural-gas powered generating plants that will result in production of electricity using 5.3 percent less fuel than best current technologies ; while that percentage may seem small , it is enormous by standards of industry in which technologies often compete on basis of fractions of percentage point ; Energy Sec Bill Richardson praises new technology ; diagram ( M )
Intel 's argument rests on a little used doctrine of common law called trespass to chattels , which allows someone to sue for damages resulting from the inappropriate use of personal property , as distinct from the more common case of trespass to real estate .
Citigroup Private Bank study finds that number of equity partners at law firms grew by just 2.5 percent in 2004 , down from 3 percent in 2002 and 4.5 percent five years ago ; finds more lawyers were promoted into salaried senior positions and profits per partner rose 8.9 percent last year ; reports equity partners took home nearly $ 770,000 on average ; also finds that number of hours billed annually by lawyers , both partners and associates , rose 2.5 percent , to average of 1,750 ( M )
The testers of the new Microsoft products included the Scripps Research Institute in San Diego , where the cancer research group is using Vista , Office and SharePoint to show 3-D images of protein molecules on the surface of cancer cells , let scientists worldwide look at them and share written research .
Blockbuster would not identify the markets , but Netflix says they are New York City , Phoenix , Seattle and Houston .
Later , when the merger talks between Microsoft and SAP were tabled , the two companies compromised on a technology collaboration , this person said .
The AT & T case , Microsoft said , did not involve a review of a complex factual record -- a sharp contrast , in the company 's view , from what would be required in the appeal of its own case .
The failed bid raises questions about the strategy that Comcast will choose to pursue next .
Mr. Pittman , 46 , once a high-profile figure in New York 's elite media scene who began his corporate career running the Movie Channel at a predecessor company to Time Warner , now carries around a Libretto notebook computer and conducts business through America Online 's instant message feature .
Its I.B.M .
Comcast says it will use the money it receives mainly to upgrade its network to prepare for the integration , through digital technology , of the worlds of the personal computer and of television .
Lawyers for Wal-Mart Stores ask federal appeals court to review Judge Martin Jenkins 's ruling granting class-action status to sex discrimination case ; argue that case was unfairly expanded to include as many as 1.6 million employees ( M )
And a Microsoft lawyer said last night that those provisions of the contract were never invoked .
That move , which will lower Coke 's reported profits , is permitted but not required by accounting rules , largely because of intense lobbying by corporations when the rules were adopted in 1994 .
Merck rose $ 1.29 , to $ 59.29 .
And Boeing , facing serious production problems of its own , has sent more than 300 people here to learn how it 's done .
''But we will consider the case a success if Dell , Compaq , Gateway , Hewlett-Packard and the other PC manufacturers feel they can put software on their machines that competes with Microsoft 's products without fear of retribution . ''
Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer says up to 5,000 New York State residents could qualify for refunds from General Electric Co under court finding that GE acted deceptively in telling some owners that dishwashers recalled because of fire hazard could not be repaired and offering rebates toward purchase of new products ; says thousands of other residents could be eligible for free repair ; GE denies fraud ; plans appeal ; Spitzer aide says other states probe recall ( M )
And while the Z5 ca n't play songs from Apple 's iTunes Music Store , it can play songs from Rhapsody , Napster , Musicmatch , MSN Music , Wal-Mart , AOL Music Now , Yahoo Music and other members of the ''MMS-MMS '' consortium ( Microsoft-based Music Stores with Minuscule Market Share ) .
Correction : June 15 , 2007 , Friday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about a reorganization of the newsroom at The Wall Street Journal misstated the middle initial of its managing editor .
And questions about its accounting practices in Mexico led to an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and caused Xerox 's own auditors to balk at signing off on its 2000 financial statements .
Mr. Jobs , Apple 's interim chief executive , said in a telephone interview today that the response to the new Power Mac models had been extremely strong but that Apple was going to receive only about 40 to 45 percent of the microprocessors it had expected in the quarter .
A.T. & T. yesterday reported record fourth-quarter earnings of $ 1 billion , or 75 cents a share , up 57.5 percent from a year earlier , when it earned $ 635 million , or 48 cents a share .
Correction : November 14 , 2003 , Friday An article in Business Day on Monday about a report from a consulting firm , A. T. Kearney , saying that suppliers would have to invest millions to comply with Wal-Mart 's policy on electronic tagging of merchandise misstated the surname of a Kearney consultant .
I.B.M .
Microsoft said it would not comment on the prospect of a settlement beyond Mr. Smith 's statement .
Carl Weisbrod , the president of the Alliance for Downtown New York , said the substation would help the area better serve its nascent residential community .
But even though it outstrips many of its competitors , Comcast is in the same situation as the rest of the communications industry in having a long way to go before it makes high-speed Internet service into anything resembling a mainstream service .
Mr. Ballmer , who will also join the board , said that the new focus for Microsoft would permit the company to continue the rapid growth that it has achieved since Mr. Gates founded Microsoft with his childhood friend Paul G. Allen in 1975 .
Indeed , as Disney prepares for its annual meeting today in Philadelphia , Comcast 's hometown , Comcast seems out of the picture .
gained $ 1.01 , to $ 48.86 ; Honeywell dropped $ 5.16 , to $ 37.10 .
The spicy dishes were a hit , and the Marriotts quickly opened more Hot Shoppes .
Sold under Thomson 's RCA brand , it runs a new version of the MSN TV service , a Microsoft spokesman said , enabling it to play Windows Media music , video and photo files .
Farzad Nazem , the chief technical officer , will head a new technology group , and Yahoo said it would run an external search for an executive to lead its audience group , as well as for a new chief financial officer .
''I unfortunately get a lot of Viagra spam myself , '' said Tim Pigot , who leads Pfizer 's men 's sexual health division .
Kimberly-Clark worked on the promotion with its media buying agency , the Chicago office of MindShare , part of the WPP Group , as well as TNT .
Indeed , sales of Campbell 's crackers are growing at about 7 percent this year , and those of its cookies are up 5 percent .
The halls were not nearly as crowded as those near Microsoft 's booth , but hundreds of people streamed by to look , for the first time , at new programs like a Linux version of Word Perfect from Corel .
When Microsoft turned to U S West for some new technology , U S West turned to Lucent .
Mr. Lanier is considered one of the best trial lawyers in the United States , and he appeared to be in top form throughout his argument , using a fast-moving PowerPoint presentation to back his contention that Merck had denied Vioxx 's risks and deceived doctors and consumers .
Kodak 's stock , which traded as high as $ 76 in 1999 , has been mired in the mid-20s ( it closed at $ 25.35 on Friday ) .
The results were almost the opposite of what Amgen found when it conducted similar tests in animals .
Editorial opposes Federal Aviation Administration decision to forgo its usual competitive bidding procedures and simply designate Lockheed Martin Corp to upgrade computer system crucial to nation 's air traffic control network ; says this choice is open to debate on the merits and raises apparent conflict of interest , given that Transportation Sec Norman Mineta is former Lockheed vice president and Michael Jackson , who is expected to become his deputy , was executive of Lockheed subsidiary
Paloma Picasso , Elsa Peretti and Jean Schlumberger are designers one commonly associates with Tiffany & Company .
Indeed , one PC company really gaining ground recently is Sony , a leader among Windows-based producers in adopting a digital hub strategy similar to Apple 's .
If Comcast does proceed with such an action it will be the second time in recent months that Disney 's board members have been targets alongside Mr. Eisner , the company 's chief executive .
Intel , which has suffered a similar swoon to Compaq 's on Wall Street since last August , rose 97 cents , to $ 28.58 , yesterday .
Terms of the arrangement were not disclosed , but Yahoo said the deal resembled a venture with SBC Communications in the United States .
The Microsoft-Intel move marks a shift for the two companies , which in the past had derided the notion of a low-cost network computer , or NC , but now seem to recognize the importance of offering an alternative to it .
Citigroup has $ 11.3 billion at risk in Brazil , including corporate loans as well as Brazilian securities on its books , Mr. Mayo said .
Ralph Lauren Buying Casual Clothing Retailer
''There is nothing I can say to gloss over how devastating the Learning Company 's results have been to Mattel 's overall performance , '' Ms. Barad said in a conference call with analysts yesterday .
Three and a half years after it entered the console market with the Xbox , Microsoft yesterday unveiled its successor , the Xbox 360 , a creamy white console that is to go on sale in North America , Europe and Japan by the holiday season .
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has filed a related lawsuit against Allstate , and AARP has assigned two lawyers to help the agents .
Interpublic Proxy to Include Proposal to Sell Company
The new unit , which is based in San Jose , Calif. , plans to announce today that it will expand the storage capacity of I.B.M .
Xerox also seeks buyers for its European paper operations , and for its share of ContentGuard , Inxight and other software companies it helped to create .
A spokesman for Apple , Steve Dowling , said the company planned to meet its target for filing the report , and declined to comment further .
The I.B.M .
Intel filed suit last month , charging Broadcom with infringing its patents on cable and high-speed networking products .
I.B.M .
The Code Red worm , whose existence was first reported earlier in the summer , primarily affects Microsoft Windows NT and 2000 systems that function as Web servers and have certain server software installed .
Mr. Murdoch 's News Corporation has teamed up with Mr. Malone 's Liberty Media to make another attempt at buying DirecTV , according to people close to the talks .
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , said earlier this year that it would eliminate 5,000 jobs , and recently reported that its net profit fell to $ 787 million in the nine months ended Sept. 29 , from $ 8.34 billion in the period a year earlier .
In a Bangalore plant for Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , Ajith Prasad and 20 other engineers are designing and developing chips that they hope will power new types of high-speed broadband wireless technology within the radius of a home or an office in the next few years .
Apple Computer is likely to answer questions about backdated options granted to chief executive Steven P Jobs and other executives in delayed annual report that Apple says it will file with Securities and Exchange Commission ; Apple appears to be secretive about its handling of stock options issues ; this week it continued to maintain its silence as reports about possible falsified documents rattled shareholders ; San Francisco-based newspaper The Recorder reports investigation conducted by law firm on Apple 's behalf found that options documents had been falsified to increase value of grants to Apple executives ; Financial Times reports that investigators discovered options grant to Jobs that had not been properly authorized by company 's board ( M )
He will join Mattel 's management team .
But if regulatory risk is factored in along with price , then Time Warner 's board might find the Bronfman proposal a more appealing bird-in-the-hand offer .
The proposal considered this week would have created such a committee , but three of its five members would have been chosen jointly by the News Corporation and the Bancrofts , or a family trust or foundation , according to people who read it .
Yahoo , meanwhile , did not dispute that consolidation in the Internet industry was having an impact on its business .
In one question-and-answer session , a student asked if there could ever be another technology company as successful as Microsoft .
Verizon and SBC Communications , the two biggest local telephone companies , each considered bidding to acquire WorldCom Inc. in recent months but backed out amid concerns that WorldCom 's core long-distance businesses face continued difficulties , people close to Verizon and SBC said yesterday .
But with 35 percent of its New Orleans coffee workers residing in St. Bernard Parish and many others in Slidell -- areas that were particularly devastated by the storm -- Procter executives realized they had no choice but to take responsibility for housing their employees .
Fierce competition with Airbus Industrie , the European consortium that is the only remaining maker of large commercial jets , means Boeing can not raise prices even when demand is high .
The new Boeing 737-900 in which the technologies are being tested has most of its interior filled with computers and screens .
Mr. Maritz said he intended to begin his technical-immersion project by ''writing some '' code using various Microsoft software tool kits including Visual Basic , Visual C++ and Visual J++ , and move on to Microsoft 's new programming projects .
''Because Microsoft achieved this result through exclusionary acts that lacked procompetitive justification , '' the judge wrote , ''the court deems Microsoft 's conduct the maintenance of monopoly power by anticompetitive means . ''
As early as 1918 , two years after its founding , Boeing decided to make flat-bottom boats and furniture to counter the slump in airplane sales after World War I .
Mr. Anderson clicked to Amazon during the Thanksgiving weekend to buy books , CD 's and electronics for family members and friends .
He says the supercenters are an old idea -- Wal-Mart opened the first of them 15 years ago -- and will not meet the needs of the region 's aging populace , who prefer more intimate shopping .
The legal document quoted in the Microsoft brief came from the Justice Department 's first antitrust suit against Microsoft , which was resolved in 1995 .
be barred from selling computers that run AIX , a category that accounted for about $ 3.6 billion in I.B.M .
''That is roughly one Medco share for every eight Merck shares , '' Mr .
But Mr. Ashcroft is not known to have made any important public statements about the Microsoft case itself , and the company is not known to have made significant efforts to court him .
Wal-Mart built 157 of these monsters last year and predicted an equally aggressive expansion this year .
''I think both Bank of America and Fleet have been through enough mergers to have learned that particular lesson , '' he said .
National Transportation Safety Board investigator says board 's experts are increasingly convinced that jackscrew in the tail of Alaska Airlines MD-83 jetliner was damaged before plane crashed off coast of California on January 31 killing all 88 people aboard and was factor in problems controlling aircraft before it plunged into ocean ; diagram ( M )
Mrs. Marriott spent much of the night before the opening of the first Marriott hotel , the Twin Bridges Motor Hotel in Arlington , Va. , helping hang pictures in each of its 365 rooms .
But tomorrow Time Warner is expected to announce that it will instead renew its three-year-old partnership with Google as the provider of search technology .
Medicare officials sought the study , hoping to see if Aranesp , a drug made by Amgen that costs about $ 1,300 a vial , is superior to Johnson & Johnson 's Procrit , an earlier version of the drug that costs $ 470 a vial .
Jones Apparel Group chief executive Peter Boneparth has purchased two clothing lines , created new one to replace Polo Ralph Lauren and is in midst of hostile takeover bid for Maxwell Shoe , $ 225 million company that holds license to make Anne Klein shoes , in less than two years since becoming chief executive ; Boneparth comments ( M )
Yesterday 's closing price : Down $ 1.75 `` PNC Bank Corp. ( N ) ''
And this was my first Apple : the machine that made me realize that the phrase ''new technology '' was n't always a synonym for ''alien menace . ''
Likewise , the commission is saying that Intel 's refusal to do business in the midst of a legal dispute would be perfectly legal in nearly any other context but that the same tactic is not legal when embraced by a monopolist seeking to drive potential competitors out of contention .
There have also been rumors that Time Warner is mulling over the sale of the 4.5 million cable subscribers in systems it acquired in 1995 as a result of its purchases of Houston Industries and Cablevision Industries .
Comcast is also swapping back to AT & T $ 1.5 billion in AT & T stock and another $ 1 billion in the stock of At-Home , a provider of Internet services over cable modems .
Northrop Grumman had no comment .
Mr. Jobs 's presentation on Wednesday came only five weeks after another major iPod product introduction , the Nano , Apple 's thinnest player yet .
''Even though Citigroup is not admitting any guilt by settling in this fashion , from my perspective , they have admitted guilt .
Ms. Williams would not say why they left , whether they would be replaced or whether Wal-Mart would reassess any decisions they had made .
''Exxon Mobil condemns the violation of human rights in any form , '' the statement said .
Although a major changeover to such technology could be two decades away , any steps in that direction could be good news for Cisco , the current leader in Internet traffic-routing gear .
Still , Motorola faces growing competition , from the likes of Apple and its iPhone , coming in June .
Mr. Reamer said that Yahoo had been seen as a bellwether and that if it had stumbled today , many smaller Internet companies might have toppled in its wake .
''Kodak 's problems may represent just another dot to connect in a picture of an economy that is slowing across the board , '' he said .
She said the remaining $ 2.16 covers the cost of using PayPal ( 53 cents in this case ) and the cost of using eBay ( 30 cents plus 25 cents for posting a photo ) .
indicated that it wanted to remain a sponsor of the Masters before the Augusta National Golf Club 's decision last Friday to cut out the tournament 's advertisers in 2003 , according to a letter from I.B.M .
Corning Inc reports loss of $ 4.76 billion in second quarter ; sales increased 5 percent , to $ 1.87 billion ; net income for second quarter last year was $ 149 million ; photo ( M )
Michael G. Carey , president of the New York City Economic Development Corporation , said yesterday that he was not overly concerned about the Goldman Sachs decision .
service under the current wholesale agreement will be encouraged to convert to the new service , called Verizon Online With MSN , when it begins this fall .
Some plaintiffs could ask Merck to finance more research into the effects of the drug .
Alix Friedman , a spokeswoman for the 92nd Street Y , said that Citigroup made a grant of $ 1 million over five years to the organization in the early summer of 2000 .
The list of major contributors includes corporations like Pfizer and Citigroup but also individuals like Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and David Rockefeller , who each gave $ 5 million of their own money toward the $ 64 million goal , the committee said .
Along the way , Marriott has come under fire on several occasions from its financial partners for moves that investors , and some analysts , have viewed as abusive .
Lawyers for Microsoft and its adversaries at the Justice Department will begin two days of oral arguments before seven appeals judges in a case of historic dimensions for consumers , the computer industry and the law .
Bill Curry , a spokesman for Amazon , said the company , based in Seattle , would file documents to drop its lawsuit and that the agreement had restored ''marital harmony after a brief spat . ''
Cisco Systems Inc reports 61 percent gain in sales for its fiscal fourth quarter ; reports net for fiscal quarter ended July 29 of $ 796 million , compared with $ 605 million in year-earlier period ( M )
Toyota 's chief executive Katsuaki Watanabe , who was named to be caretaker until Akio Toyoda , great-grandson of company 's founder , takes charge , has been raising his profile , stepping out as leader of company that may soon supplant General Motors as world 's biggest automaker ; is still having trouble in some quarters shaking his reputation as placeholder chief executive ; his recent visit to new San Antonio plant , where he wowed employees during rollout of Tundra pickup truck , detailed ; photos ( L )
The announcement from Electronic Arts , the largest independent game publisher , came less than a week after Activision , a competitor , also reported unexpectedly weak holiday sales .
Seagate is the leader of that category , followed by the Maxtor Corporation and WesternDigital , while I.B.M .
Citigroup decides to streamline its businesses under Citibrand with simple stylized arc over its name ; will sell its signature umbrella logo to St Paul Travelers Cos , insurance company that previously used logo ; photo ( M )
The site , which will use Microsoft 's new Windows DNA 2000 operating system , will offer the same types of services and software programs , only far more of them .
''If the Chinese Government thinks they are doing a favor to Al Gore by giving us this order , '' said Boeing 's spokesman in Beijing , Chen Linde , ''then they may take it back if he does not participate . ''
As he shook hands with a senior Boeing executive , Vice President Al Gore and the Turkish Prime Minister , Mesut Yilmaz , beamed and applauded .
Ford Motor Co will license hybrid technology from Toyota Motor Corp in deal that could help establish Toyota 's system as standard for industry ; Toyota has been trying to sell its hybrid system to variety of automakers to help offset its high development cost ; Ford will incoporate Toyota technology into hybrid system it plans to introduce late this year in gasoline-electric version of its Escape sport utility vehicle ( M )
But when Corning almost hit bottom , it was Mr. Houghton , not Mr .
Internal Revenue Service , struggling against Caribbean havens it suspects of draining away at least $ 70 billion a year in personal income tax revenue , sets its sights on credit card slips of suspected tax evaders ; IRS is seeking two years ' worth of records of MasterCard and American Express card transactions in US that were billed to Caribbean bank accounts , with offshore banks then paying the bills and leaving little of a paper trail ( M )
''Instead of putting a stop to Xerox 's fraudulent accounting , the KPMG defendants themselves engaged in fraud , '' the suit stated .
Economic Scene column on jury verdict that ordered General Motors Corp to pay $ 4.9 billion to six people severely burned when fuel tank of their 1979 Chevrolet Malibu exploded after drunken driver ran into them ; says verdict leaves unanswered what exactly General Motors did that was reprehensible ; holds jury may have choked on notion that car manufacturers trade off benefits and costs when designing safety features , but so do Government regulators operating on behalf of consumers ( M )
At Edelman , Mr. Manson , who sends many of the e-mail messages to bloggers , works closely on the Wal-Mart account with Mike Krempasky , a co-founder of RedState.org , a conservative blog .
''My impression is that Verizon is simply doing better and more thoughtfully what many foundations and eventually all foundations will be doing -- making digital access to foundations easier and more systematic , '' said Woodward Wickham , a vice president for the general program in public affairs at the MacArthur Foundation in Chicago .
Mr. Platt denied that Boeing 's intention in pushing the trade litigation was to shelter the 787 or scuttle the A350 .
The vouchers can be used to buy software from any manufacturer , not only Microsoft .
In the opposite corner in philosophy and business model is Starbucks , which now has roughly 2,100 Wi-Fi-equipped locations providing access through a subscription arrangement with T-Mobile .
Chambers said that he was optimistic about the long-term outlook for Cisco , but that he was ''a little more cautious than last quarter '' about the company 's near-term prospects .
Microsoft and Sony , which is the leading maker of video game systems , are hoping to invigorate software development companies while the industry waits for the next generation of game consoles .
Mr. Albaugh , the Boeing official who oversees the American side of Sea Launch , said many other customers would doubtless join Loral and Hughes as the Zenit proved itself .
But restoring the software side of its business , which long distinguished Apple computers from PC 's running Microsoft software , is in many ways the harder part .
Apple Completes Transition to Intel Chips
Sprint 's negotiations to buy Nextel have ignited fears that Motorola will lose its exclusive deal to supply phones and equipment to Nextel .
Deryck C Maughan , chairman of Citigroup 's extensive international operations , Thomas W Jones , head of bank 's asset management division , and Peter Scaturro , chief executive of private banking , are forced to resign as chief executive Charles O Prince delivers on promise to improve bank 's sullied reputation in aftermath of its private banking operations being down in Japan last month ; all are members of firm 's management committee ; asset management and private banking units of bank will report immediately to Robert B Willumstad , president and chief operating officer of Citigroup ; photos ( M )
Bell Atlantic will announce on Thursday that it has dropped AT & T as the `` systems integrator '' supervising the gigantic project in favor of handling the job itself .
Apple 's Emmy is an engineering award for FireWire , an advanced data-transport technology for connecting peripheral devices to computers .
A Microsoft spokesman said the company was still pursuing ''an amicable settlement . ''
I.B.M. , which as recently as May said that the mainframe market appeared to be rebounding , declined to comment yesterday .
''Microsoft is facing a new reality and adjusting minutely in the right direction , '' said John Buckley , a vice president of AOL Time Warner .
''We are pleased with this agreement , '' said Deva Rachman , an Exxon Mobil spokeswoman in Jakarta .
Shares of Unocal fell $ 4.75 , to $ 59.60 , a signal that some investors may think that ChevronTexaco overpaid .
Novartis AG chairman Dr Daniel Vasella says he has no intention of making hostile bid for American Home Products but adds that fate of company is far from decided despite its pending agreement to merge with Warner-Lambert ; sees Pfizer Inc acquiring Warner-Lambert but declines comment on future of American Home Products ( M )
He is expecting more Congressional hearings this month as well as a ruling by a federal judge in Texas about whether a lawsuit against Citigroup and other banks and their dealings with Enron can proceed .
If the firm had been a corporation in 2000 , Accenture 's effective worldwide tax rate would have been 40 percent , including personal income taxes paid by its partners in the United States and elsewhere on their profits .
Cisco sells networking equipment to corporations as well as to the telecommunications industry .
ChevronTexaco had expected its production to start growing again this year , independent of an acquisition .
Thomas J. Pincince , senior analyst for Forrester Research Inc. in Cambridge , Mass. , said : `` We expect within the next six months AT & T will be well on its way to becoming the dominant Internet access provider .
Kodak Earnings Retreated 16.4 % in Second Quarter
Kodak Profits Slid 37.7 % in 4th Quarter
Much like Apple Computer high-end outlets ( and similar stores operated by Sony and Samsung ) , the Nintendo store will include high-tech trappings like interactive stations , and will provide previews of new and unreleased software , a Nintendo spokesman said .
Microsoft 's biggest obstacle is the powerful record amassed by the government that detailed a series of incidents involving rivals and other companies -- including Netscape , Apple Computer , Intel and Sun Microsystems -- that Judge Jackson concluded constituted violations of the Sherman Act .
For its part , Apple says it has no plans to sell computers preconfigured with Linux .
And Netflix 's power in the industry occasionally translates into exclusives and early availability ; Netflix had ''The Incredibles '' in my mailbox on the very day it was released by Pixar .
The focus of the investigation , as the department considers filing a major antitrust case against Microsoft , is on accusations that the company is using its near-monopoly in the market for personal computer operating-system software to gain an unfair advantage in the new markets of Internet software , new media and on-line commerce .
Staples Inc has agreed to acquire Office Depot in stock swap valued at $ 3.4 billion ; combined company , which will be called Staples the Office Depot , will have more than 1,100 superstore locations in 46 states and 10 foreign countries , and combined revenue of roughly $ 10 billion ; transaction that would create nation 's largest retailer of office supplies ( L )
Citigroup also announced a 14 percent dividend increase , to 40 cents a share .
The account had been handled by Gotham , New York , which like Avrett Free is part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group .
But analysts point out that most of Detroit 's gains came from General Motors .
Pfizer 's action will only foster the public 's growing perception that the drug companies place profit ahead of public safety .
General Motors Corp 's chief financial officer John M Devine says company will recall all Saturn Vue sport utility vehicles it has made since their introduction in 2001 to correct problems with suspensions that surfaced in federal rollover tests ; also says GM , concerned about probable change in accounting rules , will pay holders of special type of convertible bond in cash instead of stock when they come due ; strategy would avoid dilution of GM 's shares , and reduction of its per-share earnings , that would occur under accounting change ; photo ( M )
Then his successor , Dale F. Morrison , abruptly left last March after Campbell 's stock fell more than 50 percent during his three-year tenure , and Mr. Johnson came out of retirement to right the company once more .
Oracle representatives declined to comment on whether the company had received one .
Netflix and Wal-Mart declined to discuss the financial terms of the arrangement , but Netflix said it would not have a material effect on its financial results for the year .
It was hard to find out why , because sometimes my other browsers would get access to the Web and sometimes not , a sign that Comcast 's servers were having problems .
Money From Microsoft
Mr. McCandless said it would not surprise him if , after digesting the purchase of Fleet , Bank of America made more acquisitions to accelerate its expansion into investment banking and asset management .
Shares in Oracle rose 23 cents to close at $ 13.52 , then declined about 4 percent in after-hours trading as investors appeared to show their disappointment in the company 's meager growth in databases .
''Ya-Qin is a certifiable smart guy by any measure , '' said Curtis R. Carlson , the chief executive for SRI International of Menlo Park , Calif. , the consulting firm for which Mr. Zhang worked as a researcher , at Sarnoff Labs , before joining Microsoft .
Market Place column on General Mills Corp 's acquisition of Diageo PLC 's Pillsbury unit ; says General Mills , which has served notice that it wants to be king of convenience foods , is under pressure to make its Pillsbury deal pay off ; graphs ( M )
Several analysts noted that Kodak faces heavy pricing pressure in film , huge investment costs in China , a negative impact from currency translations and persistently sluggish top-line growth .
ING , the Dutch financial giant based in Amsterdam , has made a series of offers to buy parts of Aetna as part of its strategy of becoming one of the 10 largest insurance companies in the United States .
Higher inventories can signal that General Motors is overestimating consumer interest in its vehicles and will have to increase rebates to spur demand , analysts said .
An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the Congressional lobbying effort by the Accenture consulting firm to distinguish itself from American companies that reincorporated in offshore tax havens referred incompletely to the taxes paid by the company and its partners before its incorporation in Bermuda .
On Friday , some of Microsoft 's competitors and a software industry trade organization will present their arguments why Microsoft should be forced to unbundle the Windows operating system .
If a large number of Comcast broadband customers become Rhapsody users , it would be an enormous boon to RealNetworks , which has about 250,000 subscribers for its digital music services .
Lenovo executives assumed rightly that the I.B.M .
Shares of Texaco rose 31.25 cents , to $ 64.50 , in trading on the New York Stock Exchange , while Chevron jumped $ 1.5625 , to $ 92 .
Crippling strikes at General Motors parts factories have left the United Automobile Workers union and G.M .
A senior antitrust official also said the government would not try to block the marketing of Microsoft 's newest operating system , Windows XP , but was continuing to study the software to determine whether the judge should order that it be altered as one of the remedies .
And corporate technology officers are concerned about the cost of upgrading tens of thousands of PC 's every couple of years to new versions of Microsoft software and about the security flaws in Microsoft products that have been exploited regularly by digital vandals writing viruses and worms .
''Merck is generating more than enough cash for its immediate needs . ''
In a tacit acknowledgment that it was charging too much , A.T. & T. said yesterday that it planned to cut the price of its Videophone 2500 by a third , to $ 1,000 , and would send $ 500 rebates to customers who had already bought the phone .
Mr. Clean and Mr. Pringles from Procter & Gamble are two examples of American creations now seen on several continents .
''Think about the Net PC as the next evolution of the PC platform , '' said Pat Gelsinger , a vice president and general manager for Intel .
NIKE -- Rather than advertise its flagging mainstay lines of footwear , Nike Inc. gambled on a spot for its F.I.T .
They prefer daily outings to a variety of local stores that specialize in groceries , drugs or household goods , rather than shopping once a week at Wal-Mart .
That puts it ahead of Sprint as the nation 's third-largest long-distance provider , although Verizon still trails Sprint , WorldCom and AT & T in revenue per long-distance customer .
Prudential will retain a 38 percent share .
Sau Wong 's company , Smart Ideas , registered www.msdwonline.com in May , several weeks before Morgan Stanley officials settled on a new name for their on-line brokerage .
ELECTRONIC ARTS , the world 's biggest video game publisher , said it would reorganize into four units in an efficiency drive .
Comcast stock fell 8 percent .
To pressure Nike , United Students Against Sweatshops , the umbrella group backing the consortium , the Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees and other groups issued a report yesterday that criticized Nike for using sweatshops .
He noted that the breadth of I.B.M .
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson , which is based in New Brunswick , N.J. , said that the company would not comment beyond its earlier statement .
Four years later , British Airways purchased its first Airbuses , the single-aisled , short-haul A319 , after Mr. Leahy put the 319 side by side with a Boeing 737-700 on the tarmac and invited British executives to compare them .
Microsoft released its first monthly security update yesterday , following a new schedule that attempts to ease the load on overburdened system administrators .
PC in 1981 , a machine that used MS-DOS , the Microsoft Disk Operating System .
*Agree not to condition the release of its software intended for non-Microsoft operating systems , like Apple Computer 's , on the other company 's agreement not to distribute or promote competitors ' software .
Xerox 's outside directors are all named in the shareholder suits , and no director was willing to comment .
The upbeat report was welcome news for Edward Zander , Motorola 's chief executive , who took over the company at the beginning of the year promising to revive its sluggish performance .
On Monday , Mr. Lewis took a step toward restoring that credibility , as Bank of America and FleetBoston announced that they would jointly pay $ 675 million to resolve an investigation into trading in their mutual funds , eliminating one cloud over the merger .
The long and winding road has come to an end for the Beatles , at least as far as the dispute over their Apple logo is concerned .
Halliburton justified the acquisition by saying that the larger , unified company could bid for huge projects , build them at a fixed price and still make money because of the efficiencies and savings the transaction would bring .
Citigroup has operations worldwide and provides a broad array of financial services , giving the bank 's management insight into the movements of larger economic currents .
But according to first-quarter earnings reports , Comcast signed 417,000 subscribers in January through March of this year , only slightly less than SBC and Verizon combined .
Mr. Eppley 's company is an example of one that has been able to continue to compete , even though Microsoft offers a similar utility program called ''the briefcase '' as a free part of the Windows 98 and 2000 operating systems .
Federal and state regulators are again considering legal action to force Microsoft to alter a new system , Windows XP , which tightly integrates Internet services like music , instant messaging and shopping into this basic operating system .
Motorola Issues Another Profit and Sales Warning
Joyce Albers , an analyst with Deerfield Partners , which manages health care stock funds , said Humana 's problems ''show what a lag this industry has in trying to figure out what costs are . ''
Indeed , Mr. Murdoch acknowledged as much in the News Corporation 's new annual report .
Yet even brushing away all the one-time charges , Microsoft 's profits were flat compared with a year ago , though revenue was 16 percent higher this year .
During a meningitis epidemic in 1996 , Pfizer treated 100 Nigerian children with the antibiotic Trovan as part of its effort to determine whether the drug , which had never been tested in children , would be an effective treatment for the disease .
Agora , association of more than 300 people from about 100 companies and at least 45 government agencies , works quietly to help computer experts share ways to stump cybercrooks ; members , including Microsoft and Secret Service , sign nondisclosure agreement , sometimes with competitors , for private talks on classified intricacies of their security systems ; computer security measures are common , but Agora stands out because its members team up across public-private lines and share information formally and informally , even with competitors , to solve problems ; photo ( M )
The chips are based on technology developed by the International Business Machines Corporation in the early 1980 's for mainframe computers and subsequently redirected toward consumer products .
A Mac in Black : Apple Introduces Its New Laptop Line
''This is not your grandma 's PC , '' said Louis J. Burns , the executive in charge of Intel 's desktop computer division .
Baoshan Iron and Steel of China sets share price range for its initial offering of 3.50 to 4.18 yuan ( 42 to 50 cents ) ; offer is expected to raise $ 1.9 billion ( S )
I.B.M .
Yesterday , Mr. Armstrong repeated the explanation the company offered on Tuesday -- that Mr. Malone was not included because AT & T 's board assumed that the Comcast discussions would continue beyond his scheduled departure date .
On New Year 's Eve , AT & T will start blanketing the airwaves , newspapers , the Internet and thousands of billboards with its redesigned blue globe and the catchphrase , ''Your World .
Merck & Co plans to open glassy modern 300,000-square-foot , 12-story building in 2004 on Emmanuel College campus on one acre leased from college for 75 years ; also will lease adjacent one-acre parcel for possible future development ; map ; photo ( M )
One example of such software is Microsoft 's Back Office , a suite of programs for handling tasks like electronic messaging , taking purchase orders and executing on-line credit card transactions .
Craig Griffin , a director for business development , said the acquisitions were in areas that already created substantial profits for Cisco .
The issues under discussion , which were reported yesterday by The Wall Street Journal , included demands that Aetna abandon disputed practices like the use of generalized ''cookbook '' guidelines as standards of patient care , penalizing doctors for practices deemed too costly and paying a fixed amount for doctors to treat all members of a health plan , a practice called capitation , instead of covering the actual cost of medical services .
As for fears that the sponsorship could commercialize Jazz at Lincoln Center , Mr. Gordon said , ''The building is not being named after Bank of America . ''
Mr. Ford , a client of Goldman Sachs , acquired the shares in late 1999 during the initial offering for the firm .
Citigroup officials said the information was properly disclosed in the financial documents .
Apple executives said the company 's gross margin was 27.8 percent , a slight increase over 27.7 percent in the quarter a year ago .
The European Union said Airbus could forgo launch aid so long as Boeing gave up its indirect subsidies , including research and development funds from NASA and the Pentagon .
Sun Microsystems will introduce its first computers running Linux operating system , in effort to blunt challenge to low end of its business ; Linux , freely distributed version of Unix operating system , has become growing headache for major computer companies that have championed more costly proprietary systems ; Linux is finding new acceptance based on endorsement of technology by IBM and growing acceptance of corporate computing managers , who are trying to limit spending and gain more control over their computing systems ; until now Sun has focused on its Solaris operating system , which runs on computers made by Sun and has become standard in many markets ; Sun is confronting increasing willingness among corporate computing managers to build systems out of clusters of inexpensive computers running Linux ; photo ( M )
But he also noted that the agency should not be criticized for failing to take Dr. Graham 's conclusions seriously because agency supervisors did not see his report before Merck 's withdrawal of the drug on Sept. 30 .
Chief executive of Warner-Lambert Co , Lodewijk J R de Vink , describes his company 's rationale for proceeding with proposed $ 72 billion merger with American Home Product Corp and spurning hostile , though more lucrative , overture by Pfizer Inc ; de Vink says that he met with William C Steere , Pfizer 's chairman and chief executive , but that Steere stopped short of making real offer , saying he was involved in another transaction ; says he told Steere that Warner-Lambert is not interested , in part because size differential and fit is not in best interest of company or shareholders ( M )
As they analyzed Boston Scientific 's takeover bid , many analysts saw logic as well as genius in the $ 25 billion offer .
They contend that Xerox assigned them to the least desirable sales territories and would not give them the most lucrative accounts .
Growth abroad is increasingly important to Wal-Mart , said Burt Flickinger III , a retail consultant who has followed the company for years .
''It 's not a blockbuster , but it 's a good deal in terms of product , technology and marketing fit , '' said Peter J. Enderlin , who follows Xerox for the First Albany Corporation .
Since 1996 , a group of these companies , led first by ChevronTexaco and now Exxon Mobil , has been planning to build a pipeline to carry the gas as far south as Brisbane , Australia , nearly 2,000 miles away .
And Kenneth D. Lewis , Bank of America 's chairman and chief executive , has made the expansion of its wealth management division a cornerstone of his strategy for increasing its size without striking another big deal .
After both companies had invested several years and many millions of dollars in OS/2 , Microsoft decided that its Windows would replace DOS .
Now both Citigroup and Morgan Chase promise that they will not engage in similar transactions in the future unless the borrower makes complete disclosure .
The United States attorney 's office in Sacramento said eBay ''provided substantial assistance '' in the investigation .
Investors and consumers have largely viewed it as a marketing company , but Procter & Gamble wants to be seen as a technology innovator as well .
Comcast could purchase its own interest in its own subscribers by buying its stock for less , '' he said .
There is another wild card in the rivalry between Fuji and Kodak .
The nation 's largest wireless carrier , Verizon Wireless , will increase the size of its Southeast business with an agreement to acquire Price Communications Wireless .
Over the summer , Mr. DeWolfe and Tom Anderson , the company 's co-founders , went to China with Wendi Deng , the wife of Rupert Murdoch , the News Corporation chairman , and met with possible partners .
Mr. Nelson is no longer with Interpublic , Mr. Krakowsky said , and the remaining work the Interpublic agencies will produce is being coordinated by his No.2 , Steve Hardwick .
An A.T. & T. spokesman said the phone information line provides notices on 130,000 union jobs and only 3,000 jobs for various reasons were not included .
The agencies , both owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies , are Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopolus in Boston , which had worked for Coopers & Lybrand , and Ammirati Puris Lintas in New York .
And they have long believed that turning the paper over to him -- even at such a substantial premium -- would be a betrayal of The Wall Street Journal 's glorious heritage as a great and serious newspaper , which they 've owned for over 100 years .
Allison Schieffelin , a former top bond seller at Morgan Stanley and the lead plaintiff in the class-action suit , was ready to testify at the trial about being cut out of a client meeting because it was at a strip club .
3 , David Lein , Autodesk 's automation manager .
Despite the steelworkers ' unhappy experience in Windsor in the 1990 's , Michael J. Fraser , the Canadian national director of the food and commercial workers union , said his organization decided to make a target of Wal-Mart when its Canadian operation began expanding into the grocery business .
Merck said the move was in keeping with its decision to focus on its human and animal health businesses .
Remicade is sold by Centocor , a unit of Johnson & Johnson , and Rituxan by Idec Pharmaceuticals and Genentech .
Amazon.com soared $ 2.63 , or 26 percent , to $ 12.63 , after an unconfirmed report in The Sunday Times of London said that the online retailer was discussing an alliance with Wal-Mart Stores , the biggest American retailer .
George W. Bush 's presidential campaign , apologized today for lobbying the governor on behalf of the Microsoft Corporation and promised not to lobby him again on behalf of Microsoft or anyone else .
Whatever the personal relationship between the two men , as Michael Smith resists the News Corporation and continues to search for an alternative , and the market falls , he may find he has diminishing flexibility .
Verizon Wireless has resisted unionization efforts for more than 20,000 employees .
The Apple Cube Entered The Museum as It Exited Stores
For much of that time , he was responsible for Wal-Mart 's loss prevention department , which investigated alleged theft and fraud by employees .
Microsoft , Mr. Colbeth recalls , always told him that it would eventually fold browser technology into its operating system , but its timing was accelerated by Netscape 's rapid rise .
Under the deal , Kozmo will pay Starbucks $ 150 million over five years for the right to place return boxes in Starbucks stores .
Amgen is the world 's largest biotechnology company , but until recently it has been heavily dependent on just two products , whose sales growth has been slowing .
But Merck argues that Dr. Araneta should not be allowed to testify because Mr. Lanier did not list her as a potential witness and did properly give notice to Merck 's lawyers of his plans to call her .
Federal judge denies request by B K Miller , a Maryland soft-drink distributor , for sanctions against Coca-Cola Enterprises in connection with documents the bottler filed in a lawsuit ; Miller contends documents were fabricated , but jury will now decide that ( S )
to gain market share from Intel , but that Intel was benefiting from strong sales of notebook computers .
Today , in its key concession toward winning approval from the European Union 's executive arm , the European Commission , Boeing agreed not to enforce the exclusive-supplier provisions of those deals , though analysts said that would have little effect on Boeing 's bottom line .
''A good chief operating officer who could step up the oversight of the moving pieces would be welcome , '' he added , but there may be further repercussions for Interpublic 's credit rating because of the larger restatements .
IBM reports its sales and profits declined in fourth quarter of 2001 ; profit was $ 2.3 billion and revenue was $ 22.8 billion , down 11 percent from year-earlier quarter ; chief financial officer John R Joyce comments ( M )
Amazon introduced a grocery store last week , complete with sales rankings , customer reviews and recommendations .
Mr. Roberts has essentially said that he would freeze AT & T 's efforts to develop cable telephone service .
The message stated that the asset management and private banking units of the bank would report immediately to Robert B. Willumstad , president and chief operating officer of Citigroup .
That works out to something like $ 8.25 a share , which would mean that AT & T 's stock should now be worth about $ 19.17 .
''We have removed the book cover , because obviously it could be offensive to some people , '' said Margaret Dawson , an Amazon spokeswoman .
Customers writing their own scripts and applications can use Jahi 's technology to interact with various Cisco products in the network .
The battle among the top Web search sites for the United States audience has grown fiercer , and more complex , with the recent announcement that Yahoo plans to buy Inktomi , a Web search technology company , for $ 235 million in cash .
But industry executives and analysts widely acknowledge Amazon as the engine of the market .
Pfizer will hold a meeting with analysts today to review drugs it is working on .
He quickly shelved an expensive cooking system and a $ 1 billion technology initiative that was intended to connect all McDonald 's restaurants around the world .
Home Depot 's annual meeting , scheduled for May 24 , will strike warmer , inviting tone than last year 's meeting with members of board in prominent attendance and company 's folksy new chief executive Frank Blake fielding dozens of shareholder questions ; Blake will purposefully distance himself from his predecessor , Robert L Nardelli , by reviewing state of chain 's business , acknowledging problems it faces and laying out his vision for chain 's future ; photo ( M )
Supermarket executives acknowledge that Wal-Mart is a threat .
Mr. Welch offered to immediately fly by helicopter to Honeywell 's headquarters in Morristown to discuss a possible G.E .
It would have seemed to be the kind of lawsuit that cried out to be settled , especially in light of Morgan Stanley 's uneven legal history .
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Verizon Acquires Wireless Operations
Boeing Is Said to Have Won Major Order From AirTran
( Although the commercial seems to resemble the campaign for Burger King that features office drones whose only excitement comes at lunchtime , McDonald 's executives said any similarity was coincidental . )
''Thankfully , we can finally put this behind us '' at that time , Mr. Dooner promised , ''and really , really focus on growth for Interpublic . ''
complaint contended that Intel , the dominant producer of microprocessors that power personal computers , had unfairly withheld its technical information from the Intergraph Corporation , the Compaq Computer Corporation and the Digital Equipment Corporation ( now a division of Compaq ) as a bullying response to patent disputes it had with the three computer makers .
Verizon said Tuesday that it had not been asked by the National Security Agency to supply phone records , nor had it done so .
Regulators have been examining finite reinsurance as part of a larger investigation of American International Group .
The three incumbents will take part in the review along with two agencies that do not now handle media assignments for Coca-Cola .
The four known quantities opposite ''Studio 60 '' are ''Grey 's Anatomy , '' the hit hospital drama that ABC , in a surprise switch , moved from Sunday ; the perennial time-slot winner ''CSI '' on CBS ; and two series that appeal to younger viewers , ''The O.C . ''
Citigroup and other multinational banks posted smaller declines over all from the second to third quarters than did their counterparts on Wall Street , whose fortunes were tied more tightly to the ups and downs of the stock and bond markets .
He reduced Bank of America 's holdings of corporate loans and exited businesses like subprime mortgages and auto leasing .
In this case , both were , but Tyco chose to use the value of what it gave up , even though the structure of the transaction -- with Verizon having the ability to choose a time opportune for it -- had made it all but certain that that figure was likely to be higher than the value Tyco received .
The ad is part of a heavy push by the Ford Motor Company to convince Americans that a new crop of cars coming out this month are worth buying on their own merits , not because of a $ 5,000 rebate or zero-interest financing .
The two deals were valued at $ 369 million in Cisco common stock .
Cisco can also continue to use the name , and with the promise of interoperability , it might have some of the hype and magic surrounding Apple 's products rub off on its own less prominent offerings .
Medtronic 's data for patients who were monitored for two years suggested that the disk had actually achieved results on a series of pain , motion and safety measures that the F.D.A .
Union officials also tried to organize a session with John F. Smith Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of the General Motors Corporation , but G.M .
Last quarter was the fifth consecutive one that Oracle has announced that earnings would not meet its own initial projections .
Honeywell in Deal to Buy Measurex for $ 600 Million
Citigroup 's president , Robert B. Willumstad , said the bank would not give up any space in Lower Manhattan .
Analysis of Justice Department 's concession in dropping charge that it has been illegal for Microsoft Corp to pursue its longstanding practice of bundling , or tying , new software to its monopoly product -- industry-standard Windows operating system ; says if pendulum has swung in Microsoft 's direction under Bush administration , it is by no means clear how much ; holds steps announced are partly tactical compromises ; photos ( M )
The commission ruling resulted in a fine of 497 million euros against Microsoft and an order to change the way it sells software in Europe .
Growing numbers of Americans are giving cash or gift certificates instead of presents this holiday season ; national survey conducted by America 's Research Group finds number of people who want to give cash or gift certificates has increased to 51 percent , from 39 percent last year ; American Express survey finds 69 percent are opting for money or gift certificates , up from 41 percent five years ago ; finds 72 percent want to receive them ; old-fashioned gift certificates are being replaced by electronic gift cards that can be ordered in any amount for almost any occasion ; many merchants are promoting these cards heavily ; merchants love these cards : up to 15 percent of recipients never cash them in ; photos ( M )
The complaint focuses on the Microsoft Office bundle of applications , which includes the PowerPoint software , made for use in public presentations .
Merck , the largest drug company in the United States , announced its intention to sell its crop protection business five months ago , when it merged its animal health and poultry genetics businesses with Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's into a joint venture called Merial Animal Health .
Shares of Boeing dropped $ 1.8125 a share , to close at $ 39 on a day that the Dow Jones industrial average plunged 258.44 points yesterday .
Indeed Ford , after having been selected as ''sole bidder , '' decided the company 's books were in such disarray that it had to withdraw its $ 6.9 billion offer in September .
Now , his return is being equally celebrated by Morgan Stanley .
In 1997 , the United States Court of Appeals in San Francisco ruled that according to the rules governing Microsoft 's employee discount stock purchase program , these temp workers should be considered regular workers and they should , therefore , have been able to take part in the stock purchase program .
Apple reported earnings that were in line with Wall Street 's consensus estimates , but its sales results were somewhat below analysts ' expectations .
An overhaul of the merchandise , designed to return Gap to its casual roots , began at the end of 2004 .
Microsoft executives said that the Gateway experience was proof that contrary to the Government 's claims , the computer makers that distribute Windows have plenty of freedom .
For all those who actually own old computers , there are hundreds of thousands more who pretend that they do by using a generation of emulators , which allow the 32-bit PC 's to imitate primitive Commodores , Spectrums and Apples .
The Coca-Cola money machine has whirred along for years , producing extraordinary profits for investors .
The New York State Public Service Commission voted yesterday to require Verizon Communications , the state 's main local phone carrier , to lower the prices it charges to competitors that use its network .
The fall and recovery of I.B.M .
Morgan 's strong performance comes about one year after the institutional business of Morgan Stanley merged with the retail brokerage operations of Dean Witter .
It 's appropriate that the man running Citigroup these days , Charles Prince , is a lawyer .
''In the short term , there is no question that Comcast has done some damage to its credibility because investors are accustomed to seeing Comcast succeed and do the right thing for its shareholders , '' said Aryeh Bourkoff , who follows the cable industry for UBS .
It trades at more than 50 times estimated profit for next year -- a figure presumably reflecting optimism that Microsoft will keep growing rapidly and that its profit margins will remain high .
Antiques column on the dragonfly as design motif ; notes dragonfly designs in Tiffany & Co exhibition , at Fifth Ave store in Manhattan , of 70 objects from its permanent collection ; photo ( M )
Interpublic Group names a coordinator of its increasingly diversified units .
Wooing community leaders fits well into Wal-Mart 's plans .
The Charles Schwab Corporation ousted its chief executive yesterday and said that its chairman and founder , Charles R. Schwab , would return as chief as the company tries to regain its footing in a shifting competitive landscape .
By contrast , Mr. Houston said , I.B.M .
Excerpts from documents filed in Federal District Court in Washington by Microsoft Corp in response to proposal by government to split company in two
''It gives ING and other would-be acquirers of Aetna 's financial services a psychological edge , '' Mr. Denton said .
Mr. Karches , who earned a bachelor 's degree in finance from Georgetown University in 1974 and a master 's in business administration from Columbia University in 1976 , began his long career at Morgan Stanley immediately after finishing graduate school .
Symantec , the software company that produces the Norton line of computer security and maintenance products , is in advanced talks to acquire Veritas Software , a maker of data backup and storage programs , for more than $ 13 billion , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday .
Micron , which was the most actively traded issue yesterday , fell $ 7.125 , or 14.3 percent , to $ 42.625 .
Wal-Mart has left the initiative purposely vague , the better to encourage workers to decide how to improve themselves .
ElcomSoft began selling a program that cracked Adobe 's e-book encryption software in late June .
Air fares for business travelers have already risen substantially this year , according to American Express .
Then in December , Boeing announced a $ 13.3 billion acquisition of the McDonnell Douglas Corporation .
I.B.M .
Once he and Mr. Weill got what they wanted , Mr. Grubman wrote , ''I went back to my normal negative self '' on AT & T and lowered his rating on AT & T stock .
The Microsoft antitrust battle is an obvious reason for anyone in the industry to pay more attention to Washington , even as the company says the case does not belong in a Federal courtroom .
In his direct , written testimony , made public on Friday , Dr. Tevanian contended that Microsoft had threatened to stop producing a new Macintosh version of Microsoft Office unless Apple reversed its position and favored Microsoft 's browser , Internet Explorer , over Navigator , the market-leading browser of the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Procter eventually developed two formulas , one that provided a softer finish for wool and silk and one that gave clothes a starchlike finish .
Shares of Viacom have fallen 14.4 percent ; the News Corporation , 22.4 percent ; and AOL Time Warner , 6.3 percent .
The new restatements approach in size those that tremendously angered investors and analysts last year , helping drive the price of Interpublic shares to 10-year lows .
BBDO Worldwide in New York said yesterday that it had withdrawn from a closely watched review by the Kellogg Company that may result in Kellogg 's adding an agency to the roster of shops handling its American general-market cereal account .
Supporting the deal are several large institutional investors , including Janus Capital , which owns $ 12 billion in AOL and Time Warner stock and would probably be the largest shareholder in the combined company .
Robert C. Wright started his career as a buttoned-down executive in the classic General Electric style , progressing through stints in its plastics , appliance and finance divisions before taking over its NBC television network 17 years ago .
Amgen 's shares , which fell sharply on Monday , rose $ 1.80 , or almost 6 percent , to $ 32.87 .
But Time Warner executives accused Fox of provoking this confrontation as the latest attempt to force Time Warner to carry the Fox News Channel in New York City .
It is still possible that Morgan Stanley could face criminal charges .
The folks at H & R Block are using their familiar logo to promote their lineup of tax products .
Mr. Glaser also read excerpts from an E-mail exchange with William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , starting on July 6 .
The Microsoft SideWinder Game Voice is a chunk of black plastic that resembles an oversize hockey puck .
Netscape charged that its decline was a result of Microsoft 's illegal tactics , echoing many of the findings in the government 's case against the company .
This week , Corning did more than eliminate its dividend .
Paul Schapira has joined Morgan Stanley from Goldman Sachs as a managing director in investment banking , looking after clients in Italy .
And CBS is not the only company with the same idea : also today , the News Corporation plans to unveil a store called Mobizzo that will sell entertainment for cellphones .
But it has long been losing market share to Internet Explorer a competitive issue that initially was at the heart of the government 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
Lawyers involved in the case say that the Justice Department intends to use this new evidence to show that the initial evidence offered to support its claims against Microsoft is standard practice for the company .
By last quarter , the share held by this group -- the Hewlett-Packard Company , I.B.M. , the Compaq Computer Corporation and the Dell Computer Corporation -- had risen to 35 percent .
Wireless communications experts say the Motorola offering -- which would be sold to consumers through cellular phone carriers and other intermediaries -- is among the first of many voice-activated Internet operations to come , and that technology companies are increasingly going to turn to virtual humans to sell those products .
In after-hours trading , shares of Microsoft rose about 5 percent , to $ 24.11 .
A Misinterpretation Of a Buffett Filing Stings Wells Fargo
Madelyn Wils , the chairwoman of Community Board 1 , said that to earn the extra floor area , Goldman Sachs should create additional public space , perhaps in the form of an indoor recreational area or a renovated East River pier .
For Mattel , the question is whether Ms. Barad , who is so identified with Barbie , the company 's flagship toy , and who is known mostly for her strengths in marketing , can turn the company around at a time when the toy industry is undergoing such rapid change .
Anybody who has wondered why the world 's biggest banks have been scrambling for a foothold on Wall Street need look no further than the Goldman Sachs Group 's latest earnings report .
Immediately after the split , CBS raised its dividend , and it has increased the dividend twice since .
Having cleared the way to become the nation 's biggest cable television company by acquiring Mediaone Group Inc. , AT & T yesterday also moved to the brink of a partnership with the Microsoft Corporation , the software giant , to increase Microsoft 's role as a supplier to AT & T 's cable systems .
Max New York Life , an insurance joint venture , hired an American expatriate from Hong Kong to run its operations , and Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs moved expatriates from London and New York to develop their Indian businesses .
A mutual fund analyst who follows Cisco slavishly for a big firm was eager on Tuesday to see if his call on Cisco had been right and what it would portend for a broader group of stocks .
Marriott has always vigorously denied all the lawsuits ' accusations , and Ms. Sterling described the renegotiated contracts as beneficial to both sides .
And the plans for a broadband dream house , bringing America Online 's Internet service and Time Warner 's cable networks under one roof , may be impaired by surprisingly tough zoning rules imposed by federal antitrust officials .
Potentially Big Effect Seen on Varied Units Of AOL Time Warner
In a document filed with the court last week , Apple asked that , among other things , every aspect of the donation program , including teacher training , be handled independently of Microsoft , with oversight to ensure impartiality .
But sales of large computers were below estimates because of parts shortages for popular models and , in other cases , customers deferring purchases of mainframes in anticipation of the availability in December of I.B.M .
''We 've had a huge reduction in revenues , and our costs have n't come down fast enough , '' said Wendell P. Weeks , who ran Corning 's optical fiber businesses until his promotion to president in April .
Coca-Cola Enterprises , based in Atlanta , bottles Coke products in France , Britain , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg , and controls about 70 percent of Coke 's bottling in the United States .
The court ruling , the antitrust experts say , does not mean that Microsoft has an entirely free hand in designing its monopoly product , Windows .
The Kellogg Company said yesterday that it would phase out advertising its products to children under age 12 unless the foods meet specific nutrition guidelines for calories , sugar , fat and sodium .
Boeing 's engineers have wanted guaranteed wage increases and a bonus plan similar to the one the company granted last year for its machinists .
But Procter , no stranger to focus groups and customer surveys , asked visitors to the site what else they wanted .
The news came after a rough day of trading for Intel 's stock , in part because a Merrill Lynch analyst had downgraded the company 's shares to neutral from strong buy , asserting that the prices of the semiconductor industry stocks can not be justified short of a sharp economic turnaround in the year 's second half .
David Nahamoo of I.B.M .
As Bill Curry , an Amazon spokesman , said , his company ''either scans in the covers or gets the images from the publisher . ''
Coca-Cola Company shifts account to Shanghai office of Starcom MediaVest Group to handle medai planning and buying in China ( S )
It may be the clearest sign to date of the company 's efforts to extend its advertising platform beyond the panoply of Yahoo sites .
People can get applications and information about the program , known as the Pfizer Share Card program , by calling a toll-free telephone number , 1-800-717-6005 .
But the brightest spot was Microsoft 's server and tools business , which grew 18 percent during the quarter , to $ 2.52 billion from $ 2.15 billion a year earlier .
Instead , a glowing white apple with an iconic bite beckons shoppers in an upscale mall in this affluent Washington suburb .
Hasbro has also been strengthening its position in high technology , recently acquiring the software game manufacturer Microprose Inc. and Tiger Electronics , the maker of Furby , this holiday season 's must-have toy .
Boston Scientific 's roots lie in a catheter that the co-founder John Abele developed to help doctors extract gallstones through a tiny incision instead of traditional surgery .
Intel Cancels Revamped Chip
In the last few years , many banks in neighboring states have moved in to challenge Chase and Citigroup , which control more than half the deposits in the New York metropolitan area , according to SNL Financial .
The advance , described in a paper to be published Thursday in the journal Nature , suggests that Intel , as the world 's largest chip maker , is on the verge of developing the technology to move into lucrative new telecommunications markets .
But with Bank of America 's announcement on Monday that it will acquire Fleet in a $ 48 billion deal , the Fleet name may soon disappear from the cityscape it now dominates .
Lufthansa and Boeing began offering Internet service in January on some flights between Frankfurt and Washington .
After Enron collapsed , Citigroup realized far earlier than J. P. Morgan that what it had done looked bad .
Mr. Strudler was named chief operating officer of Lennar , based in Miami , in 2000 .
Also , a Starbucks is not always a Starbucks : when it is in an airport or a Barnes & Noble bookstore , for example , the company may not control what food is sold there .
Securities and Exchange Commission begins inquiry into whether former Dow Chemical executives Romeo Kreinberg and J Pedro Reinhard secretly tried to put company into play as well as into unusual trading in its stock that may have resulted ; Dow fired two executives , accusing them of engaging in unauthorized buyout talks ; Dow shares spiked on number of occasions in months before dismissals on speculation about deal , stoked by news reports that buyout was in works and possibly by leaks about talks former executives were accused of holding ; inquiry , still in informal stage , may also look at Dow 's overture to acquire DuPont last fall ; JPMorgan Chase , one of Dow 's longtime banks , had been working on unauthorized takeover proposal of Dow and had talked to two men at least once ; Kreinberg and Reinhard have denied being involved in plot to take over company and have sued Dow , contending that they were defamed ; photo of Dow 's chief Andrew N Liveris ( M )
Mr. Lynn worked for Wal-Mart from 1993 to 2002 , first managing a team of 60 workers at a Wal-Mart distribution center in Arkansas and then becoming a trainer and troubleshooter for distribution centers .
Clinton Adm officials say check for $ 850,000 is being sent to Paula Corbin Jones to settle sexual misconduct lawsuit that led to Monica Lewinsky scandal ; officials say that a little more than half of money , $ 475,000 , comes from insurance policy against civil liability that Pres Clinton held with Chubb Group Insurnace ; most , if not all , of remainder is withdrawn from blind trust in name of Mrs Clinton , which officials say last year had assets of slightly more than $ 1 million ( S )
According to court records , Oracle looked closely at BEA before bidding for PeopleSoft .
Time Warner Inc and Tele-Communications Inc agree to create new joint venture that will own cable systems and to expand existing partnership ; moves will also allow both companies to reduce debt on their balance sheets ; two giant cable operators will create cable company in Texas by pooling roughly half a million subscribers each ( S )
For Comcast , the proposed deal would answer the News Corporation 's acquisition two months ago of control of the satellite service DirecTV .
In footnote 14 , the panel majority in Microsoft II said that the consent decree does not bar an action under the Sherman Act .
The Microsoft gesture follows two major settlement deals in the last month that went a long way to resolving the company 's longstanding antitrust problems .
The huge difference between his and Mr. Paulson 's $ 700 million net worth reflects not only Mr. Paulson 's success at managing Goldman Sachs after the firm 's 1999 initial public offering , but also the sheer magnitude of money paid to top executives on Wall Street today .
MERCK AND VIOXX : THE PATIENTS
Mr. Semel said that when he joined the company five years ago , he focused on increasing the breadth of Yahoo products .
The lawsuit also accuses Marriott of failing to disclose to shareholders its investment in STSN , a privately held high-speed Internet company whose services Marriott is increasingly asking its hotel owners to use .
I.B.M .
Citigroup told Senate investigators that it closed those accounts in the mid-1990 's when it found out otherwise .
They asked that he extend the deadline for them to decide whether to opt out , sue on their own or join another lawsuit against Coke brought by the lawyers Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. and Willie E. Gary .
Intel Corp says sales will remain on target for third quarter ; expects to report revenues 'slightly below the midpoint ' of its July forecast of $ 6.2 billion to $ 6.8 billion ; National Semiconductor Corp reports $ 54.6 million net loss for quarter ; Motorola Inc will cut 2,000 jobs amid another revenue shortfall ( M )
A person close to the News Corporation said the company would probably continue to focus on the nation 's biggest markets as it considered broadcasting acquisitions .
If not , Microsoft could be forced to pay fines of as much as 5 percent of its global sales every day until it complies .
Citigroup , major lender to Enron Corp , decided 18 months ago to protect itself in unlikely event that its borrower faltered ; Citigroup created securities that functioned like insurance policy ; if Enron stayed healthy , buyers of securities would receive steady return ; but if Enron ran into trouble , Citigroup would stop paying return , keep investors ' principal and instead give them Enron debt ; now those investors are left to fight for repayment in bankruptcy proceedings ; securities , totaling $ 1.4 billion , were issued from August 2000 to May 2001 ; securities appear to cover Citigroup 's potential losses from Enron ; Citigroup has put its Enron loan exposure at $ 1.2 billion ; chart ( M )
IBM says it earned $ 2 billion in third quarter , up 16 percent from $ 1.8 billion a year earlier ; third-quarter 2000 revenues grew 3 percent , to $ 21.78 billion , falling short of expectations ( M )
I.B.M .
Interpublic Group of Companies acquires True North Communications in deal valued at $ 2.1 billion ; deal lifts Interpublic to estimated $ 6.7 billion in revenue from $ 5.2 billion and estimated $ 62.5 billion in billings from $ 48.2 billion ( M )
''John has been centrally involved in many of the firm 's most important decisions about information technology and electronic trading platforms , '' said Lucas van Praag , a managing director at Goldman Sachs .
As for guests , 11 of the 940 registered that day were ''unaccounted for , '' said Cathy Duffy , a spokeswoman for Marriott .
''We think the rate will be down in mid-'99 , '' said Ronald B. Woodard , president of Boeing 's commercial plane unit .
The policy change was applauded by Representative Edward J. Markey , Democrat of Massachusetts , who earlier in the day had written a letter to Comcast criticizing its behavior .
Intel Introduces Chips for Servers Using Pentium 4 Technology
The Indian research centers of Cisco and Motorola , for example , are now those companies ' largest outside the United States .
The Goldman Sachs Group plans to promote the top two executives of its brokerage business to be the co-heads of its investment management division after John P. McNulty retires at the end of the month .
Mr. Anderson 's lawyer did not return calls , but an associate of Mr. Anderson 's who declined to be identified because of the complexity of the legal situation , said that because of the way the options granting process worked at Apple , it was unlikely that Mr. Anderson would have been in a position to alter option dates .
But though he may not agree with the undisclosed price that Mr. Roth has offered for his share of the partnership , Mr. Trump has an incentive to let Vornado buy him out .
''It 's all about the core issue for Microsoft , which is developing product . ''
said that by 1997 Xerox decided that it could no longer ascertain the value of the machines , and instead came up with a number of formulas to apportion the costs .
CBS will add seven new scripted series to its fall lineup , including five one hour dramas and two comedies ; series will feature familiar stars James Woods , Jeri Ryan , Ray Liotta , Virginia Madsen , Stanley Tucci and Joe Pantoliano ; ABC 's fall lineup detailed ; photo ( M )
Con Edison 's rates , for example , will decrease by 10 percent by 2001 under New York 's order to deregulate .
Shareholders of the troubled Interpublic Group of Companies overwhelmingly supported management in votes at the 2005 annual meeting yesterday .
Some earlier BlackBerry models used Intel processors , but they were modified versions of obsolete personal computer chips .
But like many clothing companies , the Gap apparently does not have a must-have item this Christmas ; last year , its ''crazy Fair Isle '' did well ; a year earlier , it was ''crazy stripe '' scarves and hats .
The Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that it had developed a software update for its Outlook e-mail program that would reduce the vulnerability to rogue computer programs like ''I Love You '' and ''Melissa . ''
In remarks prepared for delivery on Sunday night , the eve of the show , he sought to differentiate Microsoft from other companies by showing how its software products tie together a range of consumer activities including games , interactive television , communications and music .
''We were looking to invest half a billion to develop this market anyway , so when the opportunity to buy Tektronix came up , we jumped all over it , '' G. Richard Thoman , Xerox 's chief executive , said .
The Wal-Mart request , filed yesterday with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco , maintains that if allowed to proceed , the case ''would strip both absent class members and Wal-Mart of basic due process rights . ''
AT & T announced plans yesterday to offer access to the Internet , saying that it wanted to make on-line services as common and as easy to use as the telephone .
With corporate customers cutting costs and reducing the number of suppliers , Mr. Gates said , ''In most cases today , it 's narrowed down to two platforms worked on : I.B.M .
Microsoft does have some popular World Wide Web sites , like its Expedia travel and Carpoint auto sites , which can be reached by users through any Internet access service .
While Google is the first search engine to index PDF files along with ordinary Web pages , Adobe has been offering its demonstration engine at searchpdf.adobe.com .
The acquisition will give ChevronTexaco access to Unocal 's strong oil and gas assets in Asia , one of the fastest-growing energy markets , and will increase its holdings of natural gas , which accounts for about two-thirds of Unocal 's business .
As Wal-Mart 's clothing and home furnishing businesses have struggled , sales at stores open for at least a year fell to the lowest levels in decades over the last 12 months , well below those of Target .
The Walt Disney Company and the News Corporation said today that they would join forces to create an Internet video-on-demand service , Movies.com .
''I want to buy I.B.M. , '' he suggested .
In the wake of a round of corporate belt-tightening at the Walt Disney Company , an influential group of programmers led by the computer designer Alan Kay is leaving the company 's research division , where the team has worked on an educational programming system for the last five years .
American International Group acknowledges that its accounting for number of transactions , including deal with unit of Warren E Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , was improper , and that impact of accounting errors would lower its book value by $ 1.7 billion ; this is AIG 's fullest disclosure since questions about its dealings first emerged last year ; federal and state regulators are digging through dozens of transactions to determine how extensively it dressed up its financial condition ; investigators are focusing on 2000 transaction between AIG and General Re unit of Berkshire Hathaway that artificially inflated AIG 's reserves by $ 500 million ; latest disclosure may not bode well for Maurice R Greenberg , who was forced to step down as chief executive after regulators uncovered evidence that he initiated transaction with General Re ; his liability will reportedly rest on what he understood about transfer of risk in General Re deal and whether he believed transaction to be questionable ; company also cites flawed accounting of its business with reinsurers that it controls in Bermuda and Barbados ( M )
Giving up half or more of the equity of Comcast could be particularly hard for its shareholders to accept , because they have already ceded to Mr. Roberts 33 percent voting control through supervoting shares -- a power he would continue to wield under the terms of the Disney takeover offer , even as other Comcast shareholders ' own voting power would be further diminished .
''I am doing away with any perceived conflicts , and this will also give me more time to commit to Citigroup , '' Mr. Weill said in an interview yesterday .
And Mr. Roberts , son of the Comcast founder , Ralph Roberts , will become chief executive of the new AT & T Comcast .
He said he and his wife used their cards as many as 10 times a month and were preparing to begin their holiday shopping when the American Express cards arrived .
As always , the most popular leisure trips are visiting family and friends , and the favorite type of accommodations remains ''moderately priced hotels , '' said Elizabeth Cohen , vice president for the lodging industry at American Express .
The euro-denominated checks will be available worldwide beginning Jan. 1 , 1999 , at American Express travel service offices , at some financial institutions , exchange bureaus and travel agencies , including the American and Canadian Automobile Associations .
The legislative push underscores state lawmakers ' growing frustration with the progress of federal health care reform and the success of a union effort to turn Wal-Mart into a symbol of everything that is wrong with the system .
One of the largest was the Vistakon unit of Johnson & Johnson , which named McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York to handle its worldwide Acuvue contact lenses account , with billings estimated at $ 40 million to $ 50 million .
The use of glyphosate , both Monsanto 's Roundup and generic products , has grown two and a half times since the introduction of the first Roundup Ready crops in 1996 .
The complaint , which was filed Oct. 31 and is seeking unspecified damages , also noted that in August -- just three weeks before Boeing started to acknowledge its problems -- Philip M. Condit , Boeing 's chairman and chief executive , sold $ 1.2 million worth of Boeing stock and Boyd E. Givan , the chief financial officer , sold $ 825,000 worth .
Year 2000 will be remembered as year that Microsoft abandoned its PC-centric view of the world , and embarked on new strategy , proclaiming that it will build computer operating system directly into fabric of the Internet ; creating a network operating system -- an idea that Microsoft once opposed -- is a real shift in strategy , and a particularly daring one because it strikes at heat of bitterly contested federal antitrust lawsuit that Microsoft is now appealing ; photos ; charts ( L ) ( Special section on outlook for the economy and business )
Stuart Elliott Advertising column on Saatchi & Saatchi which , struggling to recover from resignation of 17 employees who worked for client General Mills , has convinced Young & Rubicam creative director Ann Hayden to help rebuild team ; photo ( M )
Consumer Direct also aims to position Yahoo 's advertisers ahead of those in other media or online services by quantifying the sales bump -- something television , newspaper and radio companies can rarely do .
It was n't Time Warner . )
For Mr. Pandit , 48 , a self-effacing man who flourished for more than 20 years in the rough-and-tumble world of Morgan Stanley 's institutional business , the appointments were a slap in the face .
Amazon 's stock , which had fallen from a high of $ 113 a share in late 1999 to a low of $ 8.10 last week , rallied to close at $ 11.18 , up $ 2.81 , or 34 percent .
Some of Amgen 's more recently issued patents , he said , had claims that had been broadened because Amgen knew of Transkaryotic 's work .
Microsoft 's focus on software features is an acknowledgment that MSN 's previous strategy , based on deep discounts and expensive promotions , has failed to give it a stable customer base .
Video game industry analysts said it was too soon to tell how much benefit Microsoft would gain by being the first out of the gate .
''But 8 percent growth is still faster than the economy as a whole , and the big media companies like Time Warner , Disney and Viacom will get more than their fair share . ''
Pfizer , the pharmaceutical giant , is betting big on the safety of its cox-2 painkiller , Celebrex .
Amazon.com , in its first major product line expansion this year , said yesterday that it intended to start selling personal computers in the next few months .
And last week at the Sundance Film Festival in Utah , Intel showed a digital movie that was broadcast wirelessly to large flat-panel displays , demonstrating wireless video transmission .
Ultimately , however , AT & T , Time Warner and America Online appear to have a common interest .
Industry analysts have said that Fox News Channel will become a significant player in radio as a result of its recent deal to provide news to radio stations owned by Clear Channel Communications Inc .
Continuing on its juggernaut sales pace , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said yesterday that its second-quarter sales had jumped 15 percent as its profit rose 21 percent .
''Generally speaking , movie-based games do not do well , '' said Robert Kotick , chairman and chief executive of Activision , the big games publisher , who hopes his company 's Shrek and Spider-Man efforts this year will be an exception .
The grocery business has proven the most difficult for Wal-Mart to crack .
The spot , part of a campaign carrying the theme ''New rules , new tools , '' is to be introduced next Monday on the Micron Web site ( www.micronpc.com ) , then run the next day on TV during the coverage of the Micron PC Bowl college football game .
3 cable company with 8.2 million subscribers , have expressed at least a preliminary interest in acquiring some or all of AT & T 's cable systems , should the opportunity present itself .
Ken Arthur , managing director of a children 's theater company , said he was pleasantly surprised to find that Expo , a Home Depot company that sells higher-end merchandise , helped him get building permits and navigate his co-op board 's approval process when he renovated his kitchen last year .
That motivation to provide `` anytime , anywhere '' communications is as strong as ever , and A.T. & T. executives have made it clear that they will use every legal weapon in their arsenal to consummate the deal , despite the antitrust concerns raised on Tuesday by United States District Judge Harold H. Greene .
cases and for class actions , '' said Gandolfo V. DiBlasi , a lawyer with Sullivan & Cromwell who represented Goldman Sachs and acted as lead liaison for the defendants in the case .
Citigroup acquired European-American Bank last year for $ 1.6 billion .
Mr. Roach , who joined Morgan Stanley in 1982 after stints at Morgan Guaranty and the Federal Reserve , is of the sin-and-punishment school : after so much bingeing , he claims a bad hangover is not only inevitable but necessary .
Among the changes would be reducing a number of perks , like the use of Citigroup 's corporate jets , that he was to receive if he completed the terms of his contract by staying on until the April 2006 annual meeting .
Still , Don Sylvester , a senior vice president at Corel , argued that Microsoft 's pricing ''absolutely harms everyone in the market , and nobody wants to wake up six months from now and find that Micorosoft is the only one standing in the word processing and suite market . ''
In Microsoft 's fiscal year ended in June , MSN had $ 2.3 billion in revenue , of which $ 1.4 billion was from advertising and $ 417 million came from operating income .
That means that if Kodak is predicting a 25 percent decline for the year , second-half earnings may come in as low as $ 1.44 .
And they say that reports of infighting between Honeywell and Allied Signal executives are untrue .
But it is not known whether the appeals court will erode enough of his decision to justify overturning his order to split Microsoft into two companies .
Finally , after 10 years of work , researchers at I.B.M .
The volume of mortgages financed by Citigroup doubled in the second quarter , to $ 23.5 billion , the company said .
Sean Maloney , general manager of Intel 's wireless division , said on Wednesday that Intel saw enormous promise in a new technology known as WiMax and would produce chips that use that technology .
For the plaintiffs to prevail under California law , 9 of 12 jurors must conclude that Mr. Moore and Ms. Hernandez suffered from chemical poisoning as a result of their employment at I.B.M .
''We 're happy to be joined by these prominent companies , '' said Kent McNeley , chief marketing officer for consumer imaging at Kodak in Rochester , as ''they see some of the value of advertising on the Academy Awards as we have . ''
Brown , noting that even International Paper , the industry leader , accounts for only about 5 percent of the 300 million tons of paper produced worldwide each year .
Intel , the world 's largest semiconductor manufacturer , demonstrated its latest chip technology just days after it disclosed it would miss its first-quarter financial targets because of a slowdown in demand and a slight loss in market share .
Condoleezza Rice , Mr. Bush 's foreign policy adviser , is a Chevron board member .
*Microsoft 's reach in computing has become so pervasive that nearly every year now , Silicon Valley 's top venture capitalists meet privately with a team of top Microsoft executives to learn about the company 's plans .
Halliburton Credit Rating Is Cut , Again on Worry About Asbestos
Intel also said it expected to benefit from a tax rate of 26 percent compared with its earlier estimate of a 31 percent rate .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Inside Intel , Latest Setbacks Provoke Worries
In approving the MediaOne deal , the Federal Communications Commission had said AT & T might eventually have to sell the T.W.E .
Meanwhile , the Federal Aviation Administration , which last week ordered emergency inspections of all MD-80 's and similar airplanes , said that 15 planes , including four at Alaska Airlines , might show signs of problems .
To win , Microsoft 's lawyers contend , the Government would have to show not only that Windows is an indispensable gateway to the Internet but also that its only reason for including certain Internet services or links to featured Web sites was to harm competitors .
In addition , I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Since stepping down as chief executive of Citigroup , the nation 's largest bank , two years ago , he has been forced to watch from the sidelines as the financial services empire he painstakingly built over two decades has been slowly dismantled .
''AOL , before and after its merger with Time Warner , is a serious competitor on a wide range of businesses , '' Jim Cullinan , a Microsoft spokesman , said in an interview .
''All of the issues they 're raising have been thoroughly investigated , fully examined and resolved and closed by the I.R.S. , '' said Fred Gorell , a spokesman for ChevronTexaco .
In sponsoring Internet commercials shot to resemble films , American Express joins a lengthening list of marketers creating ads that can be seen only by computer users .
Procter & Gamble 's share price rose $ 4.25 , to $ 71.10 , helping push up the Dow Jones Industrial Average , of which the company 's stock is a component .
In recent years , General Mills has won praise from Wall Street as the company steadily gained market share for its cereals at the expense of Kellogg .
Earlier , the government had indicated it might bargain exclusively with the General Motors Corporation , which said last week that it wanted to buy Daewoo Motor .
Minimal Research Prepared On AOL-Time Warner Deal
A spokesman for News Corporation , Andrew Butcher , said , ''We made no secret of the fact that we have been talking to General Motors and Hughes among others , but we have no comment at this point on how those talks are progressing . ''
Microsoft appealed but settled the case for an estimated $ 50 million and took a 15 percent stake in Stac .
The transaction will produce accounting profits for both companies , but will penalize reported earnings for Lockheed Martin for years to come , as a result of accounting rules that will force it to take on $ 5 billion of good will on a separate deal , its pending acquisition of Northrop-Grumman .
Mr. Allen , a co-founder of Microsoft who has accumulated a portfolio of companies involved in the Internet and cable television , already owns about 5 percent of Priceline .
The Coca-Cola Company has owned Minute Maid , the nation 's No .
In each case , the new systems are part of overall efforts to advance each company 's current strategy : Microsoft is hoping to maintain its monopoly on desktop software by linking programs to distributed services ; by contrast , I.B.M .
The policy changes come 16 months after Kellogg and Viacom , the parent company of Nickelodeon , were threatened with a lawsuit over their advertising to children by two advocacy groups , the Center for Science in the Public Interest and the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood , and two Massachusetts parents .
''While we view this loss as a disappointment , the company has demonstrated its operational competitiveness with recent wins at Nokia and Intel , '' Mr. Shipman wrote , referring to accounts gained by Interpublic agencies .
For the Brooklyn store , which measures about 62,000 square feet , Home Depot took over an empty Pergament hardware store in the Mill Basin section .
Mr. Braddock said Priceline expected to have more than $ 120 million in cash at the end of the first quarter and would not need to raise more cash until 2002 at the earliest .
The site was created last year by Raytheon , Lockheed Martin , Boeing and BAE Systems .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Questions on Coca-Cola in Market Turmoil Abroad
Apple 's architect , Mr. Backus , said : ''We have made alterations .
Bank of America paid a 40 percent premium to Fleet 's share price before the announcement , outbidding rivals like Wachovia , Bank One and Citigroup .
''The difference between being effective and being just efficient , is the ability to access , refine , utilize and disseminate the collective experiences of everyone in the company , '' said John Seely Brown , head of the Xerox Corporation 's Palo Alto Research Center .
Corning , the world 's biggest maker of fiber-optic cable , yesterday reduced its 2001 pro forma earnings estimates to $ 1.20 to $ 1.30 per share , down from $ 1.40 to $ 1.43 per share .
Citigroup hopes to reach a settlement with the agency later this week , an official close to the talks said .
The departure of two of the most senior executives at Discovery Communications reflects an effort by the new chief executive , David M. Zaslav , to play a more hands-on role in running the company 's core cable TV channels .
Boeing Co 's largest union , International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers , votes overwhelmingly to accept three-year contract , averting strike that would have dealt blow to Boeing 's efforts to recover from financial downturn ; while both union and company hail the vote , Boeing still faces large challenges , such as market conditions and cost of new contract ; photo ( M )
Indeed , Microsoft and I.B.M .
On Kodak 's side , to the extent it provides the opportunity for additional retailers to provide photofinishing , this is a good deal . ''
''The problem is deeper and more complicated than was reported , '' a Microsoft spokeswoman said .
McDonald 's has promised an expanded menu before , but it has not had a blockbuster new product since the Chicken McNugget , which was introduced in 1983 .
Ford Motor Co is expanding its relationship with Young & Rubicam Advertising by shifting North American account for Land Rover vehicles to Irvine , Calif , office of Young & Rubicam from GSD & M ; spending estimated at $ 50 million ( S )
Comcast , which has 790,000 Excite @ Home subscribers , and Cox , which has 550,000 subscribes to the service , are building their own high-speed Internet systems .
Mr. Hagstrom said he was also involved in nearly identical suits against Microsoft that are pending in Wisconsin and Iowa .
Among the private equity firms expected to make a bid for at least one cluster or more is Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company , the Carlyle Group , Thomas H. Lee Partners , J.P. Morgan Capital Partners , Providence Equity Partners , Spectrum Equity Investors and the Goldman Sachs Group 's private equity arm , according to executives close to the auction .
Mario Mazzola , former vice president for Cisco 's new business ventures group , will oversee the 11 technology groups .
TV , which midway through last season began to televise games but was available only in homes with satellite dishes , will announce today that it has signed agreements with Cablevision , Time Warner Cable and Cox Communications .
Kenneth L. Lay , chairman of Enron , has for years been an informal adviser and close friend to Mr. Bush and an important campaign fund-raiser .
Verizon Communications , in first step toward stand-alone digital subscriber line services in regions where it operates , will begin allowing current customers in 13 Northeast states to drop telephone service but continue high-speed Internet acess through DSL ( S )
The potential bonus to Chevron and its partners stems from a mistake the Interior Department made in signing offshore leases in the late 1990 's for drilling in federal waters .
Morgan Stanley said yesterday that it would pay John J. Mack $ 11.5 million in stock for his five months as chief executive .
The ratio at Citigroup is about 50 percent .
Those talks quickly expanded to explore a merger of Microsoft 's MSN portal and Internet service business into AOL .
''The inquiry was potentially the nail in the coffin for Aon , '' said Kevin Callahan , a portfolio manager for Century Funds in Boston , which owns 300,000 shares of Aon .
But , in a victory for Wal-Mart , he rejected the plaintiffs ' request for class action for all the women regarding claims for lost pay over discrimination in promotions .
Throughout the Olympics , all viewers of NBC 's broadcast coverage will see the AT & T and TD Waterhouse ads .
That move , Microsoft said , allowed the Justice Department and states to ''transform their case beyond recognition . ''
Insurance executives and analysts have been anticipating that Aon would be the next target .
Many Boeing customers have made purchases from Airbus as the European company continues to push forward with new types of planes -- like a 555-seat jumbo jet -- after Boeing decided to step back from the jumbo jet business as well as other long-range jetliners .
For example , a trader considering an investment in Best Buy might try to talk to vendors , customers , competitors and employees of the company rather than just a Wall Street analyst .
Yahoo also extended its lead over competing Internet portals , including Lycos and go.com .
Microsoft 's chairman , Bill Gates , yesterday demonstrated security features planned for the Windows XP operating system .
and Microsoft are taking .
In other words , the very firm that helps Verizon 's directors decide what to pay its executives has a long and lucrative relationship with the company , maintained at the behest of the executives whose pay it recommends .
Because America Online is exchanging its stock for Time Warner 's , a drop in the price of AOL shares lessens the value of the deal for Time Warner shareholders .
In a conference call with investors yesterday , Jeff Bewkes , Time Warner 's president , said the company 's strategy was working .
Yesterday , Viacom also credited him with building Nickelodeon 's ''vibrant consumer products division , '' into the third-largest licensing company in the world , with more than $ 4 billion in retail revenues last year .
Microsoft was down 35 cents , to $ 24.15 , in trading in New York yesterday , leaving it up just 10 percent from where it was when the stock market hit bottom on Oct. 9 , 2002 .
''But it does seem that demand in general has been remained solid and that Intel 's execution has improved . ''
Both Sides See Verizon Talks Inching Toward an Agreement
''Culture is change , and so Coca-Cola has to change its packaging , '' Mr. Balkind , who did not work on the redesign , said .
But Microsoft has a longstanding reputation within the computer industry of initially bringing out unimpressive versions of new software products and then relentlessly improving them over time .
General Motors is the nation 's largest advertiser as well as the largest auto maker , having spent $ 2.2 billion last year on sales pitches for cars , trucks and mini-vans , according to figures compiled by the Competitive Media Reporting unit of VNU N. V. That represented a 30.1 percent increase from the $ 1.7 billion that G. M. spent on advertising in 1996 and helped make 1997 a record year for American ad spending .
Verizon 's higher offer came a day after Qwest set an April 5 deadline for MCI to decide to accept or reject its offer .
Apple 's line of laptops aimed at consumers took a leap forward this week when the company released its new MacBook model .
Until Wednesday 's announcement that AT & T would join with Grupo Industrial Alfa in a $ 1 billion venture , most analysts had been expecting an AT & T-Telmex alliance .
Phase II -- designing the DVD itself -- requires Apple 's free iDVD program , which is about as difficult to master as a grapefruit .
The Microsoft Corporation appealed a Federal judge 's order that pretrial questioning of its chairman , William H. Gates , and 16 employees in the Government 's antitrust action be opened to the public and the news media , the company said today .
New I.B.M .
Yahoo said that another search-technology researcher , Andrew Tomkins , had recently been landed from I.B.M. , and that negotiations were under way with several others there .
To see if the premise lives up to the promise , I asked four companies -- Ikea , Boffi , Expo Design Center and the Home Depot -- how they would propose to renovate the kitchen of a friend , Lara Suarez , in NoLIta .
AT & T is going to blow the market to smithereens . ''
Analysis : in taking action against Microsoft Corp , Justice Dept is trying to seize control of competitive ground rules of computer industry that Microsoft has increasingly dictated in 1990 's ; at stake is Microsoft 's ability to blend World Wide Web browser program seamlessly with its Windows 95 operating system , thus effectively eliminating browser market for its rivals ; Microsoft announces first-quarter revenue of $ 3.13 billion , up 36 percent from year earlier , and income for quarter of $ 663 million , compared with $ 614 million ( M )
Mr. Stern has begun a blog that seeks to stimulate a conversation not just within labor , but among many groups , about Wal-Mart , which has more than 3,500 stores and 1.2 million employees nationwide .
And he made it clear that Kodak would go after every possible retail opportunity .
But right now , Apple still seems far from seeing the light at the end of its own tunnel vision .
Procter & Gamble to Trim Jobs and Close Plants
AT & T teamed up with General Instrument in a joint proposal to Bell Atlantic .
Moody 's Warns That New York State 's Budget Could Spawn Gigantic Deficits
Airbus Industrie chief executive Noel Forgeard disputes Boeing vice chairman Harry C Stonecipher 's charge that Airbus is behind European Commission 's opposition to General Electric 's proposed acquisition of Honeywell International , news conference ; scores him for warning of new trade war if Europeans block deal ; charges Stonecipher is out of step with both other Boeing senior managers and Bush administration ; GE officials agree Airbus backs merger ; Jeffrey R Immelt says GE has no interest in raising trade tensions if commission blocks deal ( M )
Mr. Gore trooped out to Microsoft as just another candidate for president .
Although the powerful home computers will come with a Microsoft label , they will be built by Flextronics .
In another sign of the opening of the Korean economy , the creditors of Hynix Semiconductor approved by a narrow margin today a memorandum of understanding under which Micron Technology would take over its memory-chip plants in return for $ 2.8 billion in Micron stock .
Shares of Dow Chemical jumped nearly 5 percent on Monday after the report on a possible buyout , only to fall 2 percent on Tuesday 's denials , Yesterday , the shares rose 2 percent .
The change of corporate mind came three days after Wal-Mart fired two marketing executives , Julie Roehm and Sean Womack , who were instrumental in determining the outcome of the first review .
He added , ''Wal-Mart is the sewer pipe through which good jobs are being flushed . ''
Nineteen months after Justice Department sued MasterCard and Visa for violating antitrust laws , a Senate subcommitte hearing is being held involving American Express and Discover , which are taking the government 's side against Visa and Mastercard ; Harvey Golub , American Express chairman , complains that rules of two credit card associations bar banks that issue Visa or Mastercard from offering American Express cards as well ; calls practice 'closed , self-serving , self-perpetuating system ' ; MasterCard attorney responds ; photo of Philip J Purcell , Morgan Stanley 's chairman , testifying before panel for Discover Card ( M )
Some portion of Microsoft customers , from corporations to home PC users , takes the time to download the patch , but most do not .
AT & T Lost Almost $ 1 Billion , But There Were Bright Spots
Pro Football to Expand I.B.M .
And that , despite the chip maker 's assertions that it is working to enhance security and privacy , has led some privacy advocates to taunt Intel and accuse it of a ''Big Brother Inside '' strategy .
And Michael Kelly , a longtime Time Warner executive brought in to run ad sales , has started to repair AOL 's reputation on Madison Avenue .
The personal computer business was a weak spot for I.B.M. , with sales of $ 3.5 billion , rising just 2 percent from the period in 2003 .
Shares of Motorola rise $ 1.8125 , to $ 36.8125 on August 2 after report that company expects to meet analysts ' profit and revenue forecasts for 2000 and 2001 ( S )
gave Government officials up to $ 21 million in bribes in exchange for a lucrative bank contract said tonight that he would seek the extradition of two current and two former I.B.M .
More important to analysts , Kodak is quitting ancillary products and businesses .
Intel said fourth-quarter earnings , excluding costs related to acquisitions , were $ 2.6 billion , or 38 cents a share , compared with 34 cents a share during the year-earlier period .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest private employer , has created two work forces with women ''predominantly assigned to the lowest-paying positions with the least chance of advancement , '' the lawsuit says .
Bank of America , to promote arrival of its retail banking division in New York City after absorption of Fleet Corp , is donating $ 1 million to Jazz at Lincoln Center to become the 'presenting sponsor ' for 2004-5 season ( S )
Kodak 's own digital portfolio still loses money .
Interpublic Group of Companies will place shareholder proposal to sell company on proxy for 2005 annual meeting ; SEC denied company 's request to exclude plan , which was proposed by Charles Miller , owner of 300 shares ( S )
The naming of G. Richard Wagoner Jr. today as the president and chief operating officer of the General Motors Corporation shows how the world 's largest corporation is changing -- and how it is not .
Digeo , company that designs software for set-top boxes used with cable television systems , to name Samsung to make its next generation of boxes ; deal is bid by two companies to break into market tightly controlled by Scientific Atlanta and Motorola , which both make boxes and other equipment used in cable systems ( S )
Garth Ancier , the president for programming at WB , the growing would-be fifth network owned by Time Warner , said he would decide by the end of this week whether to stay with that network or to leave when his contract ends in May .
True to form , the new chief executive of the hybrid of Time Warner and America Online showed up without a tie yesterday for a New York news conference to announce the planned merger , issuing a formal greeting to what he called ''the suits from Virginia '' -- the more formally dressed executives from America Online 's headquarters in Dulles , Va .
Company executives also continued to defend Amazon Prime , the discount shipping program , despite longstanding concern among some analysts that the program was too costly .
Most recently the two card associations sued to block the Advanta Corporation from issuing a credit card linked to American Express 's frequent-flier program .
standpoint , '' said CVS 's chief financial officer , David B. Rickard .
John P. Loiacono , Sun 's chief marketing officer , said yesterday that the manufacturing problems at Texas Instruments , which is supplying the new processor , had been solved and that the smaller computers were being shipped ''in the thousands . ''
Dana Undies has a new line of Pampers branded infant wear , and Marine Optical is making a line of Cover Girl sunglasses , color coordinated with Procter 's makeup line .
Motorola Inc says it will eliminate 15,000 jobs , or 10 percent of its work force , and take $ 1.95 billion charge against second-quarter earnings , indication of tough times in seminconductor industry ; Motorola also warns that it will report operating loss for second quarter , its first plunge into the red since semiconductor industry slump of 1985 ; Motorola has also suffered from loss in demand for many of its cellular phones , pagers and other products ; among problems facing Motorola is market loss in Asia and failure to move fast enough from analog into digital wireless phone technology ( M )
Creating an account means supplying Microsoft with personal information like name , state , ZIP code and occupation .
Microsoft insists that such thinking represented the old Microsoft .
Boston Scientific 's shares are down nearly 14 percent since it announced its first bid in December , including a decline of 2 percent yesterday , to $ 23.54 .
Microsoft announced yesterday that people who use its operating system software must patch their computers yet again , or their PC 's will be vulnerable to attacks that could cede control to hackers .
The mood on the picket lines at Boeing 's many plants in the Seattle area has been defiant .
Taesa 's pell-mell expansion has already come at a price .
State utility commissions require that Verizon , as the primary local phone company in most of the areas it operates , print the white pages .
Technology Briefing | Internet : Yahoo Revises Auction Fees
But Texas Instruments ' other major sector , sensors and controls , continued to lag and the company announced plans to cut 1,250 jobs .
Comcast 's stock has been a strong performer , particularly during the recent chaos on the Nasdaq .
Mr. Spitzer said that once Citigroup officials were confronted with the results of his office 's investigation , ''they recognized that there was a failure here , that there were contractual obligations , and they stepped in and did the right thing . ''
But sales problems and hardware changes left Nvidia with piles of unsold and unusable chips , putting it in a position where it could have lost money on the console if it had not submitted the Microsoft contract to arbitration .
Most of Amgen 's $ 8.4 billion in revenue last year came from Epogen for anemia and Neupogen for bolstering infection-fighting white blood cells , and from Aranesp and Neulasta , which are longer-acting versions of those two drugs .
One of the newest advertisement games that YaYa has put on the Internet is intended to help General Motors ' customers better understand a new high-tech control system called eMotion that affects the engines and transmissions in some of its latest vehicles .
General Electric 's financial services subsidiary , GE Capital , said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Heller Financial for $ 5.3 billion in cash , or $ 53.75 a share .
Warren Jenson , Amazon 's chief financial officer , disputed Mr. Rowen 's analysis .
Mr. Logan said AOL had been in too much disarray to do such a deal with Time Warner Cable earlier .
Since BellSouth and AT & T do not sell local phone and Internet lines to residential customers in each other 's regions , there is little duplication of services there to eliminate .
As the company outlined rising costs , the analysts began shifting downward their estimates of Aetna 's earnings for the last quarter of the year .
For the third quarter , Time Warner said its net income rose to $ 541 million , or 12 cents a share , including certain accounting charges , restructuring charges and investment gains .
Investment banks like Morgan Stanley are hiring Indians to analyze American stocks , jobs that commonly pay six-figure salaries on Wall Street .
Verizon shed 65 cents yesterday , to $ 35.87 .
Taking a sharp pencil to Amazon 's balance sheet , Mr. Suria assessed the company 's ability to finance its operations with what is known as working capital , or the difference between Amazon 's near-term liabilities and its relatively liquid assets .
Even worse than the additional restatements -- after Interpublic had assured investors , analysts and employees in November that the figure of $ 181.3 million would be final -- top executives warned of possible additional write-downs in the current quarter along with further layoffs , and they lowered their forecasts for revenue and net income per share for 2003 .
The United Technologies Corporation said yesterday that it was cutting its worldwide work force by 14,500 jobs , or about 10 percent of its 142,500 employees , as it wrestles with a continuing decline in the aerospace portion of its business .
Verizon has already said it wants to buy out Vodafone , which owns 45 percent of Verizon Wireless .
''Clairol is Procter 's to lose , '' said Andrew Shore , an analyst for Deutsche Banc Alex .
In November , Boeing announced that it was phasing out the MD-80 and MD-90 , two narrow-body jets produced by what is now called Boeing 's Douglas Products division .
The TravelMate has an Intel Celeron M processor running at 1.6 gigahertz , 512 megabytes of RAM and an 80-gigabyte hard drive .
The two companies currently own 27 percent of Priceline , but a request approved by Priceline 's board would allow them to increase it to 37.5 percent .
But when the sole-supplier agreement expires around the year 2018 and Delta 's fleet is filled with Boeing jets , the upper hand in negotiations may then belong to Boeing , which will be keenly aware of the additional costs to Delta -- such as filling warehouses of spare parts -- if the airline were to buy Airbus planes .
The collaboration between AT & T and Silicon Graphics comes at a time when equipment suppliers and producers of programming are all scrambling to forge enduring relationships in the multimedia market .
Sandy Sullivan , a spokeswoman for Clorox in Oakland , Calif. , said that Bravo , which is owned by Young & Rubicam Inc. , had been awarded the assignment after an informal review in which the other participants were not disclosed .
The venture , known as Integrion , is an attempt by both the banks and I.B.M .
Mr. Suria based his assessment on the fact that Amazon 's working capital -- defined as its near-term assets minus its short-term liabilities -- would turn negative later this year .
That way , investors can be assured that the shares will not be sold in the market the moment that Priceline 's stock ticks up .
But many of those attending expressed doubts about whether Microsoft was truly embracing the idea of competition .
Justice Department is appointing monitor to examine American International Group 's books for last four years ; monitor is subject to approval by Securities and Exchange Commission and company ; monitor , as well as $ 126 million in penalties and restitution , is heavy price of settlement between company and SEC and Justice Department ; accord covers loss-hiding transactions company arranged for PNC Financial Services and Brightpoint ; use of independent monitor is unusual step , and it underscores how little is known , by regulators , analysts , shareholders and investors , about sale of insurancelike products that companies buy to smooth their earnings ; regulators want to know exactly how many other income-smoothing products were pitched by AIG , and who , in any , bought them ; photo of AIG chief executive Maurice R Greenberg ( M )
''The real breakthrough is that we are using conventional manufacturing technology , '' said Randall D. Isaac , I.B.M .
Former Chief Says Merck Told All It Knew on Vioxx
It also recasts its relationship with Intel , which became severely strained after Digital stunned the computer industry by suing Intel in May .
Since the 1984 breakup of A.T. & T. into a long-distance carrier and seven `` Baby Bells , '' the former Bell System has struggled to modernize its equipment and reshape itself as a nimble competitor .
As Expected , Coca-Cola Reports a Weakened 4th Quarter
In an interview , he characterized the move as an orderly passing of the top executive position to a well-groomed successor , Craig R. Barrett , 58 , Intel 's president and chief operating officer , while freeing Mr. Grove to focus on the challenge of maintaining Intel 's extraordinary pace of growth .
In the suit , AOL is seeking financial damages for the lost profits , advertising revenues , licensing fees and other losses because of Microsoft 's purported illegal tactics .
Apple , no doubt , is also gleefully contemplating the reaction of the masses when they experience Mac OS X and Windows side by side , day in and day out .
That gap in his résumé may seem yawning , but not to the other members of the Interpublic board , who named Mr. Roth to succeed David A .
By using Yahoo 's customized portal , BellSouth customers will be able to get additional storage for their e-mail , music with better audio quality , higher-resolution photos and stronger security features .
While still the leader in preparing tax returns for individuals , H & R Block 's primary business has faced strong competition from competing firms and do-it-yourself software like TurboTax .
Share prices of the parent companies , Edison International and the PG & E Corporation , have fallen as much as one-third since the beginning of December , though both stocks rebounded a bit on Friday .
With Johnson & Johnson facing sagging pharmaceutical sales and Boston Scientific highly dependent on revenue from stents , both companies are looking at defibrillators as a new area for growth .
The Boeing Company 's largest union voted overwhelmingly Wednesday night to accept a three-year contract , averting a strike that would have dealt a blow to Boeing 's efforts to recover from a financial downturn .
The Coca-Cola Company closed the books yesterday on an often-embarrassing two-year government investigation .
Now that the commission has found in Ms. Schieffelin 's favor , it will give Morgan Stanley a chance to settle the matter and avoid suit through a conciliation process .
Merck 's forecast weighed on other drug makers and helped to drag some major indexes lower .
Even studio executives , known for their lavish spending , winced at Microsoft 's demands , including a $ 10 million upfront fee for rights , approval over the cast and director , and 60 first-class plane tickets for Microsoft representatives and their guests to the movie 's premiere .
So far , YouTube has forged some early licensing arrangements with CBS and the music companies Warner Music Group , SonyBMG and Universal Music Group .
Now two I.B.M .
To believe that he was using his public stance about the antitrust remedy as a bargaining chip in his dealings with Microsoft , Mr. Kertzman said , ''would overstate the power of my opinion to change what was happening in the Microsoft case . ''
Because Microsoft achieved this result through exclusionary acts that lacked procompetitive justification , the court deems Microsoft 's conduct the maintenance of monopoly power by anticompetitive means .
Mr. Crawford , Intel 's lead computer architect , described the new design as ''explicitly parallel '' computing .
Staples Selects Competition Lineup
Some analysts said Mr. Stein could be taking the blame for Mattel 's recent problems , including the earnings disappointments .
The ads using ''freedom of expression '' ran only in college-oriented newspapers during the third quarter of last year , said Mr. Roberts , the AT & T spokesman .
Some analysts said it could be a win-win situation for Boston Scientific .
team scrambles to patch Microsoft 's security holes , Mr. Kean agreed .
As investors tried to sort through exactly what the Fed 's statement meant , the late-afternoon earnings warning by Merck overshadowed any upbeat sentiment .
Comcast 's president , Mr. Burke , said yesterday that the company had ruled out most of the likely rivals that might conceivably start a bidding war .
But Boeing surprised the union by declining to resume talks .
Some 7,000 people have registered to attend Microsoft 's professional developers conference , which begins today in Los Angeles .
But Lucent has made great strides closing the gap , and yesterday , as Ciena was disclosing its deal , Lucent announced a trial in which the Microsoft Corporation had agreed to outfit its internal network with Lucent 's version of the sort of gear made by Ciena .
In an interview , Mr. Sharer said Amgen calculated that its shareholders would break even if peak sales of panitumumab reach $ 1 billion a year .
Two others , from Marriott 's largest hotel owners , CTF Holdings of Hong Kong and Strategic Hotel Capital of Chicago , are likely to end up in court , according to all sides .
This year Hasbro will be making Jurassic Park dinosaurs , Harry Potter trading cards and a version of the Game of Life based on the movie ''Monsters Inc. '' from Pixar , the animation studio .
Investors sent shares of Gap plunging 12 percent , to $ 22.50 , in after-hours trading after the company announced its August sales .
Wal-Mart brings up the rear with 16,000 movies .
In a conference call with Wall Street analysts , however , Whirlpool officials denounced Mr. Heymann 's report as misguided and ''lacking credibility . ''
For tax purposes , General Mills paid the fee up front but will receive a rebate if its stock hits $ 42.55 .
`` Before this , AT & T looked like ship with a loose rudder , swinging wildly , '' said Jerry Michalski , managing editor of Release 1.0 , a newsletter published in New York .
Mr. Herzog was also instrumental in the creation of the channel 's nightly satirical report on the day 's news events , ''The Daily Show . ''
Market Place Correction : December 9 , 2003 , Tuesday The Market Place column in Business Day on Thursday , about a deal by Sprint to provide long-distance service to employees of Boeing , referred incorrectly to the Corporate Library , whose director questioned Sprint 's corporate governance practices in this case .
Under the plan , AT & T leases capacity on Frontier 's local network at a 5 percent discount from the $ 12.96 rate .
If they cooperate , they stand to do more business with Wal-Mart , get better and larger amounts of placement on Wal-Mart shelves -- and increase sales .
A potential competitor could go out and buy the same technology that Intel uses and still fail miserably in trying to compete with it .
Report published in journal Circulation says Natrecor , Johnson & Johnson 's popular treatment for congestive heart failure , reduces kidney function ; accompanying editorial questions why Food and Drug Administration failed to follow up on concerns about Natrecor 's impact on kidneys and suggests that drug should have received stronger labeling when it was approved in 2001 ; Johnson & Johnson defends product and criticizes analysis conducted by three cardiologists , saying they relied on data from patients who received higher doses than are now recommended ; photo ( M )
In talks that illustrate the power that European regulators increasingly hold in American corporate deals , General Electric 's chief executive , John F. Welch Jr. , met twice today with the European competition commissioner in an effort to win approval for G.E .
Rivals were outflanking the company in the long-distance market ; AT & T Wireless was plagued by service problems ; and AT & T had entered and exited the cable television business at great expense .
Shares of ChevronTexaco fell $ 2.33 , to $ 56.98 .
Today , however , Wal-Mart is no longer treated as an invader .
Mr. Smith , 59 , had been at Comcast for 18 years and John Alchin , 58 , for 16 years .
Memo written by Marion HochbergSmith , director of equal opportunity at Johnson & Johnson , in late 1990 's into making improvements in company 's employment policies , along with other documents submitted to federal court in New Jersey , emerge publicly in support of motion to certify lawsuit filed in 2001 by several African-American and Hispanic employees as class action ; documents open rare window into workings of big company coping with how to hire and promote fairly ; HochbergSmith memo expresses concerns about inadequate tracking of promotions , reports of unequal salaries and insufficient outreach to recruit women and minorities ; drug company formed diversity task force , but few of proposals , executives later conceded in legal depositions , ended up being put into practice ; suit does not claim company refused to hire employees who are plaintiffs , but that executives knew years ago that they were missing their targets for promoting such employees , and did little to solve problem ; photo of Linda Morgan and Nilda Gutierrez , who are among plaintiffs in lawsuit ( M )
Bank of America has one of the better reputations among the larger banks for customer service .
Norfolk Southern will take control of lines along the New York-Pennsylvania border and throughout Pennsylvania .
This leaves Microsoft officials wondering aloud what all the fuss is about , since predatory pricing typically means selling a product for far less than a competitor .
Union leaders said in interviews yesterday that their organizing drive was going somewhat worse than they had expected largely because of the unexpected aggressiveness of Amazon 's antiunion efforts .
But as the European Commission 's scheduled vote on the issue drew near , Boeing finally folded its cards and conceded to Mr. van Miert .
Vehicle sales in US drop 2.9 percent in March , pushed down by 14.4 percent drop in sales at General Motors ; Ford sales fall 4.5 percent and Chrysler posts 1.6 percent increase ; Toyota 's sales rise 6.9 percent , more than any other automaker , nudging Chrysler Group out of third place ; photos ; graphs ( M )
From now until the end of the holidays , Tiffany.com will receive 100,000 hits a day , roughly equal to the number of people who will visit a Tiffany store .
Merck tried to spin off Medco as a separate company earlier this year but withdrew the initial public offering when the interest of investors flagged as the stock market went into a tailspin .
World Business Briefing | Asia : South Korea : Boeing Challenge Dismissed
As to whether Shanghai Automotive can simultaneously share partnerships with VW and General Motors without dividing its loyalty , Mr. Smith said he was not concerned .
Mr. Sassa 's contract with NBC , a subsidiary of General Electric , expired in December , and he and the network agreed at that time that he would sign only a short-term extension that would take him through the network 's next program development season .
The company also is marshaling its financial defenses in the wake of the rejected Comcast offer , focusing their message to shareholders on what they are doing to create value without a merger partner .
This striking shift in advanced research and development from the top to the bottom of the computing industry is underscored by I.B.M .
Mr. Roberts did not say exactly how fast Comcast would accelerate its timetable because of the Microsoft investment .
Officials of some of those companies professed only modest concern yesterday about AT & T 's move .
Analysts agreed that Apple 's shift to Intel , in a quest to improve upon the performance of the Power PC chips developed by I.B.M .
Verizon , which spun off Genuity two years ago , had been expected to reassume control of the company by June 2005 , under terms of the spinoff .
Using this approach , the News Corporation hopes to succeed where other Western Internet ventures have failed .
Intel Joins Industry Dirge as It Lowers Its Financial Projections
Correction : January 24 , 2004 , Saturday A chart in Business Day yesterday gave incorrect figures for Eastman Kodak 's worldwide work force .
Advanced Micro officials said the K6-2 , which offers similar performance to the Intel Corporation 's Pentium chips but at a lower price , was being used in the majority of personal computers selling for under $ 1,000 .
How did Boeing -- regularly listed as one of the world 's most admired companies and essentially a Government-sanctioned monopoly to make commercial jets -- mess up so badly ?
Citigroup expects to complete its acquisition of Golden State Bancorp , which was announced in May , in the third quarter , said Todd S. Thomson , Citigroup 's chief financial officer .
Founded as a French-German joint venture in 1970 that soon added the British and the Spanish , Airbus was a quixotic attempt to compete with the American aerospace industry , which had been dominated since World War II by Boeing , McDonnell Douglas and Lockheed .
Sales at Gap stores fell 7 percent in the second quarter , and Gap said sales at the beginning of the current quarter were running ''somewhat short of projections . ''
Among the big brands that came and went were American Express , Apple Computer , Honda , Nike and Reebok .
Though neither PG & E nor Edison stock could be considered widely held in the broad spectrum of more than 8,000 mutual funds , they do crop up in unusual places .
Joan Wainwright , a Merck spokeswoman , said it was not unusual for trial planning to go forward while company officials and consultants debated a study 's merits .
Among the senior management jobs that are vacant , or soon will be , are posts at Leo Burnett Worldwide in Chicago , part of the Publicis Groupe ; the North American division of Foote , Cone & Belding in New York , part of Interpublic , and the New York office of J. Walter Thompson , part of the WPP Group .
But in a May 30 , 2001 , memorandum to Mr. Carpenter , Citigroup 's investment banking head , Dave Bushnell , the bank 's chief risk officer , wrote that he had ''refused to sign off on '' the Sundance deal .
David Pogue column on Kodak 's new computer printers that company claims cost little more but ink costs half as much as Hewlett-Packard 's ; models described ; photos ( M )
Stepping into a virtual lion 's den , the Oracle Corporation , took the case for its $ 9.4 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft directly to a group of PeopleSoft corporate customers yesterday , following the Justice Department 's decision last week to sue Oracle to block the deal .
Authors Guild questions Amazon.com 's new feature that lets users search for specific words or phrases in database of texts of 120,000 books and see few pages of each book in which phrase appears ; holds publishers do not have right to make book contents available without author 's permission ; Amazon touts feature as sales tool ; some publishing executives say they will weigh whether service hurts sales ( M )
ISVs ' Access to Technical Information Paragraph 6 of Microsoft 's proposal would ensure that ISVs have timely access to the APIs needed to write Windows applications .
Likewise , the News Corporation may be trying to exploit Vivendi 's current weakness to win a lower price for Telepiù .
It was the third time since March that Interpublic had put off telling investors and the government when the reports would be finished .
President Kim Dae Jung has formally approved the selection of Boeing 's F15K , an advanced version of the F15 .
Gretchen Briscoe , a spokeswoman for Procter in Cincinnati , said that Procter roster agencies like Saatchi & Saatchi as well as ''a host of other , nonroster agencies '' were considered .
Aon said in its statement that its billings would be delayed and that it expected less new business ''due to our concentration on our current clients in dealing with this tragedy . ''
Amazon now expects revenue of $ 3.63 billion to $ 3.95 billion during the fourth quarter , an increase of 22 percent to 33 percent over the period last year , topping Wall Street 's forecast of $ 3.69 billion .
And the development of the 7E7 , to take place over the next several years , will become even more paramount because Boeing will rely on it to capture the market for 250-seat planes .
And Microsoft , the people added , did what it has always denied it does -- used access to its technology as a powerful lever in business negotiations , by offering Netscape preferential access to the Windows ''application program interfaces , '' or A.P.I .
Market Place column on Microsoft Corp ; says every quarter , in post-earnings conference call with analysts , Microsoft offers medley of cautions : growth will slow ; multiple is too high ; comparisons with prior year will be tough ; but almost nobody listens ; Microsoft 's closing share price on June 4 of $ 119.1875 is a remarkable 45 times estimated fiscal year 1997 earnings of $ 2.63 a share , giving company market capitalization of $ 142.8 billion ; perhaps main reason that Microsoft shares remain so high is that every quarter , management 's warnings notwithstanding , the company blows past analyst estimates ; graph ( L )
Exxon , like Chevron , will use three-dimensional imaging of the underground field and the injection of a gas -- in this case , carbon dioxide -- to flush out the oil .
Still , shares of Amgen jumped $ 2.9375 , to $ 57.25 , a gain of 5.4 percent , on more than twice the normal trading volume .
For one , it deleted a provision prohibiting Microsoft from making special marketing deals with computer makers -- the provision Mr. Capellas of Compaq also opposed .
The deal would have made Cardinal Health the nation 's largest drug wholesaler , surpassing its archrival , the McKesson Corporation of San Francisco .
Microsoft to License Part of Key Code to European Rivals
While Yahoo 's new features do not necessarily represent a shift in focus , Match.com 's revamped site does .
Moody 's Investors Service cuts its ratings on about $ 15 billion of Fiat debt to 'junk ' status , despite Fiat 's recent sales of assets worth more than $ 1.6 billion ; Fiat concludes deal to sell 7.6 percent stake in Italian paper maker Cartiere Burgo ; financial terms undisclosed ; Fiat and General Motors , which owns 20 percent of Fiat 's auto unit , say sale by Fiat of its GM stake will not affect option that allows Fiat to sell remaining 80 percent stake of Fiat Auto to GM after 2004 ; Fiat Auto chief executive Giancarlo Boschetti says Fiat will spend 2.6 billion euros ( $ 2.7 billion ) in each of next three years , and produce 21 new cars ( M )
Cablevision , which has held a 60 percent stake in Madison Square Garden since 1997 , acquired the remainder yesterday from News Corporation , which , in exchange , received what it did not own of Fox Sports Net and other assets .
Zocor 's sales are falling as Merck moves instead to promote Vytorin , which Merck jointly makes and markets with Schering-Plough .
Technology Briefing | Hardware : Cisco Drops Patent Infringement Suit
''There 's already so much available on the Net , how much can even Yahoo , SBC or MSN add ? ''
In a statement , Mr. Weill said that his request of Mr. Grubman was not meant to be viewed as pressure on the analyst to upgrade AT & T , a company which Mr. Grubman rated a tepid ''hold '' at the time .
Remarks on Microsoft Case Mostly Oppose Settlement
Although Microsoft has polished its Media Center PC to within a hairbreadth of perfection , nobody seems to notice the pair of elephants in the living room : huge , towering issues that even the 2004 edition has n't quite addressed .
The government in Jakarta responded by cracking down against the separatist Muslim rebels in Aceh while trying to persuade Exxon to return to an operation that supplies the cash-short government with roughly $ 1 billion a year in revenue .
Mr. Mulally said Boeing had not directly benefited from the problems with the A380 .
`` The problem with AT & T was n't a lack of opportunity , it was a lack of execution , '' said Mark Johnson , chief executive of MFJ International , a software developer in New York that was working closely with AT & T to develop applications to run on Network Notes .
Siemens AG of Germany is about to expand into fast-growing data networking business by forming new American subsidiary , acquiring US-based Castle Networks Inc and Argon Networks Inc , investing $ 30 million in Accelerated Networks Inc and hiring Martin C Clague , general manager for global network computing solutions at IBM to become chief executive of new venture ; Siemens is also in preliminary discussions with 3Com Corp about paying $ 1.2 billion for 3Com unit that sells networking equipment to telephone companies ; board of unnamed company will include Clague , Siemens executives Fred Fromm and Thomas Rambold , Dan Smith , chief executive of Sycamore Networks Inc , and George H Conrades , former chairman of BBN Corp ; Siemens is set to make big push into data communications market , which is booming as Internet expands around the world ( M )
Still , there is little euphoria , either on Wall Street or at Kodak 's Rochester headquarters , over Kodak 's near-term prospects .
Ms. Bro , the Pfizer spokeswoman , said the new study grouped samples that were too disparate for conclusive results .
That judgment , issued in November , ordered Yahoo to block Nazi-related material from appearing on auction sites in France or face daily fines of 100,000 francs , about $ 13,800 .
Cisco , for example , announced earlier this month that it would let go as many as 5,000 workers -- and would use grading as one way to identify people to lay off .
The campaign has been in development for months , ever since AOL 's parent , Time Warner , decided to shift strategies ( again ) and offer at no cost much of the content and features that had been available only to subscribers of America Online .
''It costs lots of money to retrofit stores to put cigarettes behind counters and to service tobacco customers , '' said Carolyn Brookter , a Target spokeswoman .
Other deep discounters , including Wal-Mart and Best Buy , have stuck near their customary prices of just under $ 10 .
For every vehicle that General Motors sells , fully $ 1,500 of the purchase price goes to pay for medical care .
Halliburton shares closed yesterday at $ 18.50 , about a third of its $ 54.68 peak in September 2000 .
Microsoft 's chairman and chief software architect , Bill Gates , said that he gave his company good marks so far for creating the basic software infrastructure for .Net , but acknowledged that the company had more work to do in explaining its mission .
Eastman Kodak Co will close some manufacturing operations , cutting as many as 2,500 jobs ; Kodak is in process of eliminating 7,500 jobs at its headquarters in Rochester , NY ; at least 1,300 of new cuts will also be in Rochester area , where Kodak is phasing out huge plant in nearby Elmgrove and closing film-coating operation ; company says it earned $ 491 million in second quarter on sales of $ 3.61 billion ; earnings were up 9 percent from year ago , while sales were up 2 percent ( M )
Amazon has been able to revive its growth in the United States , which had stagnated in 2001 while rapid growth continued overseas .
Since then , Interpublic has spent millions of dollars on additional internal controls that included hiring outside accountants .
Chuck Mulloy , a spokesman for Intel , in Santa Clara , Calif. , said : ''Our view is that we are not going to comment because this is not public yet .
Companies like Motorola want to put their technological expertise into product development and sales , said Pascal Aguirre , a vice president of Renaissance Strategies , a Boston consultant .
This year , Starbucks expects its sales per store to drop by 6 percent , to about $ 1.3 million .
Last August , for instance , Mr. Jager suggested that Procter was becoming more astute , boasting that it took the company only two months to negotiate the $ 2.3 billion acquisition of the Iams Company , the pet food maker .
''Investors were disappointed with the quarter , '' she said , adding that there was increasing skepticism whether revenue for the year would be at the level Pfizer had promised .
The argument concerned statements by an Air Force procurement official who was sentenced Friday after admitting she had favored Boeing in contracts while seeking jobs there for herself and her family .
Separately , Morgan Stanley issued a statement yesterday reiterating its position that Ms. Schieffelin 's charges of discrimination were without merit .
Mr. Nocera said that former Bank of America executives told him that Mr. Williams was forced out , but he said that Mr. Williams insisted in a personal interview that this was not true .
The states want Microsoft to sell a version of Windows that allows computer makers to replace the Internet Explorer Web browser and several other components with software produced by rivals .
Time Warner Cable Warns Wireless Users
The Lockheed Martin Corporation has scored some minor legal victories so far in defending itself against the Government 's effort to block its proposed $ 8.3 billion takeover of the Northrop Grumman Corporation .
He raised a lot of money from Microsoft .
The day after receiving Comcast 's takeover offer by letter , Mr. Armstrong turned to longtime advisers at Goldman , Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston .
Microsoft 's expert economist , Kevin Murphy of the University of Chicago , is expected to testify this week that the answer is no .
Yuganskneftegas could end up in the hands of Rosneft or Surgutneftegas , oil majors considered state-friendly and pro-Kremlin -- creating a Russian oil-and-gas supermajor that could rival Exxon Mobil .
By positioning itself as a safe haven , SAP hopes to pick up the storm-tossed customers of its three main competitors , Oracle , PeopleSoft and J. D. Edwards , a smaller software company that PeopleSoft was planning to buy before Oracle barged in with its hostile bid .
As a result , companies have to find profit growth some other way , by cutting costs -- as Coca-Cola is doing with layoffs -- or by acquiring faster-growing companies -- as P. & G. hoped to do by combining with American Home and Warner-Lambert .
Reaction to the Curry case filled on-line business chat rooms devoted to Morgan Stanley Wednesday and yesterday .
could seek additional financing from Liberty or even Microsoft , which owns 6.5 percent of United Global , such deals could dilute the value of other shareholders ' stock .
On March 16 , 1998 , a Johnson & Johnson regulatory affairs director , Gaetan Rouleau , sent an e-mail message to other executives saying that Propulsid could be used for premature babies and that further discussion of its use in them be delayed until after an F.D.A .
General Motors says it overstated its 2001 results by as much as $ 400 million , or 35 percent , and says it might have to restate results for following years as well ; says review of its supplier payments for years 2000 through 2005 concluded that it erroneously credited some payments to its results for 2001 , instead of recording payments for later years ; Fitch Ratings agency puts rating on GM 's debt deeper into junk bond status ; members of United Automobile Workers at GM will finish voting Nov 10 that would cut their health care benefits ; agreement , which would give GM modest relief on its medical costs , is expected to be approved ( M )
Boeing seemed unruffled by the A350 , noting it would not enter service until 2012 , four years after the 787 .
Comcast 's stock , in particular , has also been hurt by its failed bid to buy the Walt Disney Company earlier this year .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc agrees to pay $ 10.8 billion in cash for Asda Group PLC , Britain 's third-largest supermarket chain , thwarting rival suitor Kingfisher PLC at last moment and threatening other British retailers with potentially devastating price war ; takeover agreement is part of Wal-Mart 's aggressive buying spree in Europe , where tight zoning regulations make it almost impossible to build big , new stores ; photo ( M )
Citigroup financed the Bacchus partnership through $ 194 million in loans and $ 6 million in equity -- money that flowed to Enron , according to people involved in the inquiry .
It plans to discuss its concerns with Microsoft , and could impose fines up to 5 percent of daily worldwide sales until it decides that the company is complying .
News Corp names James Murdoch , youngest son of its chairman , Rupert Murdoch , executive vice president in charge of its new worldwide Internet unit , News America Digital ( S )
For example , Con Edison agreed to cut its rates 10 percent under New York 's order to deregulate in 1997 .
Starbucks deal to set aside space in its coffee shops for Kozmo.com , urban delivery specialist , may be first example of established retailer offering its floor space and personnel to e-commerce company ; it is unlikely to be last ; industry executives and analysts predict such agreements will come rapidly in next few months , as Internet retailers struggle to address two of their most glaring vulnerabilities -- customer acquisition costs and returns -- while continuing to close gap between virtual and traditional stores ; photo ( M )
''One of the reasons I was attracted to her being in this post is that enforcement actions had a high-water mark under her regime , '' said Cyrus Mehri , one of the lawyers representing plaintiffs in the suit against Coke .
The decision on timing came in a meeting this morning of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson and lawyers for the government and Microsoft .
U.S. and Some States Split on Microsoft , Risking New Delay
Wal-Mart Fights Back Over Firings
The Cisco account was handled for a decade by the San Francisco office of Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos , and a predecessor agency .
''Amazon may not have deserved a patent on one-click because of the 'teaching ' that can be inferred from the earlier patents , but they appear to have been staking out new territory in ease of use for Web shopping . ''
In that case and in other public statements , Intel said it had the right to supply or withhold its own proprietary information according to its own business interests .
The plaintiffs ' allegation in the suit was that Microsoft illegally appropriated their technology , so it was not Microsoft 's to contribute to an open standard .
The government and Johnson & Johnson negotiated for five years before the company pulled Propulsid .
Citigroup and its partners appear to have beat out a group of investors led by the French banking giant Société Générale , which was also bidding to acquire a stake .
About 800 corporate employees will probably be let go there , people close to Honeywell said .
In addition to an all-star cast of technologists , the start-up had backing from major industry players like I.B.M. , Intel and AT & T .
Boeing also said it would sell its Rocketdyne Propulsion and Power unit to Pratt & Whitney , owned by United Technologies , for $ 700 million .
Campbell Mithun Esty names James P White chief creative officer , succeeding David Tree , who continues as vice chairman ; White leaves as vice chairman and chief creative officer of Long Haymes Carr , another Interpublic Group of Cos unit ( S )
To underscore those intentions , Coca-Cola describes Coke Zero as a ''calorie-free cola '' rather than a ''diet cola . ''
Nestlé eliminated Interpublic 's Universal McCann media agency from its roster last October .
Since it first sold shares to the public 14 years ago , Microsoft has become more than a software company .
Esther Lee , longtime New York agency executive , is joining Coca-Cola Co in new post of chief creative officer for North America ( S )
What that does is create significant inventory overhang , which basically destroys the pricing environment , '' he said , noting that Intel 's archrival , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , stands to suffer the most .
One executive said that the release of Mr. de Vink 's letters by Mr. Steere to the public roused some sympathy for Pfizer , which was necessary to lift the stock .
And American Airlines , a longtime customer of McDonnell Douglas , committed to Boeing recently as the sole supplier of its new jets for the next 20 years .
AT & T will now be able to negotiate with other companies while it tries to work out an accord with America Móvil , the largest cellphone company in Latin America .
Within I.B.M. , Mr. Cocke 's eccentric ways were legend , especially his periodic disregard for paychecks and stock certificates .
All these changes will make the site look slightly more like Amazon.com .
The business-services unit was also hurt by a loss at Concert , AT & T 's international joint venture with British Telecommunications .
Now , when United Technologies needs 100,000 sets of bearings , instead of placing an order for , say , 10,000 from one factory and perhaps 15,000 from another , it turns to Freemarkets.com , which conducts auctions among suppliers .
The agreement could also significantly benefit 3Com , the Cisco competitor that entered into a joint venture with Huawei earlier this year .
A glance at Neiman 's Web site would certainly leave someone used to shopping at Wal-Mart , or even Target , with a bad case of sticker shock .
In a setback for McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York and its parent , the Interpublic Group of Companies , the Coca-Cola Company has formally awarded creative duties in North America for its flagship soft drink brand , Coca-Cola Classic , to Berlin Cameron/Red Cell in New York .
Is the Verizon premium fading ?
''We had rafts of Boeing people coming down here helping us get on schedule , '' recalled Martin Lodge , an executive here .
And it has made money indirectly , mostly by selling computers that run open-source software or selling I.B.M .
It was Microsoft Media Server , not Media Player .
Under any deal with AT & T , a key goal would be putting contracts in place to give AOL Time Warner continued preferential access to the combined AT & T-Time Warner cable systems .
After a decade with Intel in the United States , seven years of which were spent working in Chandler , Ariz. , Sridhar Rajagopal , a 36-year-old naturalized American citizen , moved to Intel 's India unit two years ago .
Sun Microsystems Inc and Microsoft Corp square off at start of three-day court hearing to determine meaning of deal they signed on March 12 , 1996 under which Sun licensed its promising Java technology to Microsoft ; Sun contends that Microsoft has manipulated Java programming language to promote its stranglehold on operating system market ; Microsoft counters that Sun is using courtroom to accomplish what it can not in marketplace -- compete with Microsoft 's Windows operating system ( M )
One new market that Wal-Mart will focus on intensely is Hispanic consumers , who Mr. Scott said ''have a greater affinity for Wal-Mart stores than any other part of the U.S .
* Sean M. Neall was named client services director for the Ford Motor Co. European operations account at Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , London , a unit of WPP Group .
Verizon Wireless said that store traffic was twice to four times normal .
Nasdaq composite index , heavy with high-technology stocks , is driven down 7.6 percent prior to decision in Microsoft Corp antitrust case ; index drops 349.15 points , to 4,223.68 ; analysts and traders say stocks were poised for fall anyway ; photo ( M )
A Time Warner spokesman declined to identify the independent examiner .
Citigroup also disclosed during the analysts ' call the extent of its exposure to Enron , the energy trader .
Their animosity has grown more acute , or at least more evident , since Google announced in July that it was hiring Dr. Lee , a Chinese computer scientist who established a Microsoft research center in China and more recently worked at Microsoft headquarters on speech recognition technology .
Microsoft realized that the extent of developers ' reliance on Netscape 's browser platform would depend largely on the size and trajectory of Navigator 's share of browser usage .
Verizon , which finished last year with about 1.8 million broadband customers , has said it may need nearly twice that many to begin making money from the service .
Mr. McAdams acknowledged that he worked from Wal-Mart 's links and that he did not disclose his contact with Mr. Manson .
In April , John W. Loose , who had been Corning 's chief executive for just 16 months , abruptly retired at age 60 , and the board asked Mr. Houghton , 66 , to help turn the company around .
But they say that the free phone service should help to relieve some of the concerns that eBay overpaid for Skype .
The new cellphones will ship with new Apple software , called iTunes Mobile Music .
These include such wonder drugs as human growth hormone ; alpha or beta interferon , which are drugs used for treating hepatitis C and multiple sclerosis , respectively ; or Amgen 's other billion-dollar product , Neupogen , which counters the adverse effects of chemotherapy .
Floyd Norrris comment holds big oil companies should spend huge profits on looking for more energy , rather than using cash to buy back more of their shares ; cites Exxon Mobil , which embarked on major share repurchase program while cash was pouring in ; notes Exxon Mobil 's profits rose 122 percent in first nine months , to $ 12.5 billion , while its spending dropped 24 percent ; chart ( M )
''Merck is going to keep us in the trading range we 've been in all week , and I think we 'll be in that range for the short term , at least until earnings come out in a few weeks . ''
Motorola 's new 6000 series of Talkabout two-way radios are the S.U.V .
Nicole Miller , a spokeswoman for Microsoft , confirmed reports of the decision in Adweek and the Advertising Age Daily Fax , attributing it to a shift in focus to concentrate on information technology and business computer customers .
The court 's president , Bo Vesterdorf , will decide within a month or two whether Microsoft must change the way it sells software in Europe immediately , or whether the changes demanded by the commission should be postponed for several years until a final ruling is made .
Oracle Corp , showing signs it is serious about its hostile bid for PeopleSoft , says it will drop its objections to PeopleSoft 's latest move to acquire J D Edwards , rival business software maker ; also leaves open possibility that it will increase its $ 6.3 billion bid for PeopleSoft ; Oracle , by dropping its objections to amended bid made last week , is waiving one of terms it set out as part of its offer for PeopleSoft , which many in industry initially viewed as attempt to interrupt Edwards deal ( Market Place column ) ( M )
To keep up with its critics , Wal-Mart ''has to run a campaign , '' said Robert McAdam , a former political strategist at the Tobacco Institute who now oversees Wal-Mart 's corporate communications .
But courts have so far sided with Amgen in a protracted battle .
Aetna had angered doctors by forcing them to choose between accepting low-paying , tightly controlled H.M.O .
And like all companies , Procter & Gamble has been pressed to get more return from its technological knowledge .
Interpublic Hires Fallon Executive
Last year , the Federal district judge hearing that case tentatively concluded that Intel had engaged in monopolistic practices .
It was clear to many analysts that Mr. O'Reilly , who was born in Dublin , was being groomed as a successor to Mr. Derr , 63 , a Chevron employee for 40 years .
State Department , yielding to pressure from Rep Frank Wolf and responding to fears that its security might be breached by secretly placed device or hidden software , agrees to keep personal computers made by Lenovo of China off its networks that handle classified government messages and documents ; Lenovo executive Jeffrey Carlisle dismisses fears , saying machines will be made in Mexico and North Carolina at plants purchased from IBM ; photo ( M )
With Disney 's continued refusal to entertain selling and Comcast 's stock price remaining mired more than 10 percent below its price before the initial offer , the cable company decided to rescind the offer .
Kohl 's Thrives Despite Gloom In Retailing
Ford , mostly through its Ford Motor Credit unit , carries a staggering debt load .
Microsoft Office , a suite of programs that includes Word , Excel and the PowerPoint presentation program , has long been considered due for an overhaul .
The next time you 're crammed into one of those snowsled-size seats in a Boeing 737 , look around and imagine the same plane with only eight or twelve seats .
Given the flood of books that flow through the big corporate publishing houses -- Time Warner published about 300 new titles last year -- there is not time to do it all , he said .
The two other leading brokers , Aon and the Willis Holding Group , have stopped collecting the payments from insurance companies and Willis has said it will try to make up some of the lost revenue -- $ 80 million to $ 160 million annually , in its case -- by charging flat fees for services it and the other brokers provide to insurance companies , services like processing claims and helping to develop new kinds of coverage .
Also , the association contended , by providing seamless interoperability between a mobile device running Microsoft software and a PC running Windows , Microsoft abused Windows ' dominant position .
Wal-Mart remains strongly committed to the technology , but last week sounded a more pragmatic note at a meeting it organized to discuss its expectations with suppliers and RFID technology vendors , several people who attended said .
The departures of Mr. Perella and Mr. Meguid are , in some ways , the most damaging yet for Morgan Stanley .
Coca-Cola Co says net income for fourth quarter rose to $ 914 million from $ 242 million year earlier ; company 's stock drops $ 1.21 per share , to $ 44 ( M )
''This is a good time for Oracle to have this happen , '' Roger McNamee , a director of Integral Capital Partners in Menlo Park , Calif. , said of Mr. Lane 's resignation .
Kenneth J. Redding , president of UniBank for Savings , a bank in Whitinsville , Mass. , said that ''nothing would prevent Wal-Mart from expanding its activities once this application is approved . ''
Perhaps most important , Mr. Nasser appears to have thought that he could rule Ford Motor without sharing information with Mr. Ford , the representative of the Ford family , which controls 40 percent of the voting stock .
Guidant , which is in the process of merging with Johnson & Johnson , is developing a drug-coated stent expected to hit the market by 2008 .
Correction : March 24 , 2001 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about layoffs at the Charles Schwab Corporation referred incorrectly to a measure of the online brokerage firm 's revenue-generating trades last month .
Its top executives often go further , expressing annoyance at the entire process and suggesting that Washington 's antitrust officials are little more than lackeys for Microsoft 's rivals .
But on Tuesday , when the Toyota Motor Company officially took over bragging rights from General Motors as the world 's largest automaker , the sledgehammers were replaced by finger pointing -- at Detroit itself , as well as Japan .
The Ford Motor Company reported flat results today , with sales inching down a tenth of 1 percent , compared with November 1996 .
New York State Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer submits report as part of his lawsuit against American International Group 's former chief executive , Maurice R Greenberg , contending that Greenberg unfairly enriched himself and other AIG executives in series of transactions that violated will of company 's founder , Cornelius Vander Starr , and defrauded foundation he created ; says questionable transactions took place more than 35 years ago as far-flung insurance operations built by Starr were melded into AIG ; says that after Starr died in 1968 , Greenberg and his colleagues , as executors of his estate , benefited by selling assets at fire-sale prices to companies they controlled ; says these executives almost immediately turned around and sold assets at far higher prices to AIG , which then set some of them aside for use as compensation pool for company 's executives ; says Greenberg was able to cement his control of company because those shares amounted to 12 percent of AIG 's outstanding stock ; says Greenberg and his associates cheated Starr Foundation by selling assets that were worth more than $ 30 million for just $ 2 million ( M )
Creative campaigns for Chevrolet division of General Motors at Campbell-Ewald is changing hands ; Bill Ludwig , top creative executive on account since 1981 , is turning over assignment to longtime New York creative executive Brent Bouchez ; Bouchez will close Bouchez Kent & Co , agency he helped open nearly four years ago , to join Campbell-Ewald ( M )
The competition is ''three-quarters of the way there in three-quarters of a year , '' said Reed Hastings , the chairman and chief executive of Netflix , based in Los Gatos , Calif .
Staples , which recently invited inventors to submit ideas for new products , is putting its name on items that can not be purchased elsewhere .
Starbucks , which operates 309 stores in Canada , shrugs off the threat from the north .
Verizon does not like the idea .
More evidence emerged yesterday about Microsoft 's role in encouraging the anti-Linux campaign being waged by the SCO Group , a small Utah company .
Apple shipped 876,000 Macintosh computers in the quarter , a 14 percent increase compared with shipments in the quarter a year earlier .
Last year , Coca-Cola shifted the Sprite assignment to Ogilvy after more than 15 years of working with Lowe , part of the Partnership unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , and predecessor agencies .
Mr. Boies asked him whether it was true that Compaq had not even considered looking for another operating system to replace Windows after Microsoft imposed a steep price increase for Windows last year .
Just a few years ago , the tax-preparation giant H & R Block was making as much money from offering home loans to individuals with risky credit as it was preparing tax returns for millions of Americans .
In the other case , a court ruled the Walt Disney Company 's license to use music by Igor Stravinsky in the film ''Fantasia '' extended to its use in videocassettes of the movie .
AT & T is using Wink to determine which viewers are channel surfing during its commercials .
American International Group , the insurance giant under scrutiny for using transactions to improve its financial condition , has uncovered at least $ 1 billion more in accounting problems , people briefed on the company 's investigation said yesterday .
A Microsoft spokesman said the suit was settled for an undisclosed sum that superseded an earlier court ruling that called for a payment by Microsoft to Bristol of $ 4.7 million .
Planning for it began around the time of the building 's purchase , when Pfizer put together a team that consisted of engineers , contractors , consultants , furniture dealers , security consultants and audiovisual consultants .
Mr. Kindler and other former McDonald 's executives described him as a protégé of Mr. Cantalupo .
In addition , Motorola continued to clean up a balance sheet that was formerly so debt laden that its investment and strategic options had been severely limited .
Allergan Makes a Bid for Implant Maker
Interpublic emerged successful in a General Motors media review late last year for European media-buying assignments with total spending estimated at $ 700 million , which were consolidated at Universal McCann .
Comcast Studies a Bid for Vivendi Units
Hu Maoyuan , president of Shanghai General Motors , put it another way when asked whether a smaller car would emerge from the Shanghai plant .
And yet Dr. LaMattina , who has worked at Pfizer for his entire professional career , starting in 1977 , when he joined the company as a research scientist after a fellowship at the National Institutes of Health , is passionate about defending Pfizer from critics who say that it has repeatedly hidden the risks of its medicines , including Zoloft , an antidepressant that has been linked to suicidal thinking in teenagers .
But then , reading from a prepared statement , Ms. Barakina called this sum ''insignificant '' compared with Microsoft 's worldwide income .
Yet because Amazon started first and borrowed $ 2 billion to cover its years of losses , it really did get big fast , with $ 3.1 billion in sales last year .
For years , Exxon Mobil and Pertamina argued about how to split the proceeds from Cepu .
But she acknowledged that she had already been a three-times-a-month Wal-Mart shopper for groceries and clothes .
The Interior Department said Thursday that it had concluded new deals with BP , ConocoPhillips , Marathon Oil , Royal Dutch Shell and Walter Oil and Gas .
After Mr. Babbio issued his warning last week , competitors said they would resist tighter security measures if it made it more difficult for them to conduct operations within Verizon 's central offices .
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , introduced a number of new technologies yesterday and reinforced its view that wireless and computing industries are converging to produce a new class of electronic devices .
But a recent run-up in Yahoo 's stock price indicates that Wall Street supports the brand-building strategy .
Amazon might give its own orders priority during the busy holiday season .
General Mills and Pillsbury now say they believe that Betty Crocker and the Pillsbury Doughboy are a good fit and that marketing and distributing their products together will yield huge benefits .
For AT & T in the second quarter , overall revenue declined about 9 percent , to $ 12.1 billion , from $ 13.3 billion in the period a year earlier .
Intel 's one real problem seems to be that it can not keep up with the torrid pace of orders .
Neither I.B.M .
McDonald 's new worldwide health education campaign , introduced last month , focuses largely on exercise , with little discussion of diet .
Natrecor became a Johnson & Johnson drug as a result of the company 's purchase of Scios , a biotechnology company , in 2003 for $ 2.4 billion .
*Enter into no exclusive deals that offer other companies favored treatment in Windows in exchange for agreements to feature only Microsoft products .
Apple holds less than 5 percent of the personal computer market , and is often cast as the innovative underdog in a Windows world .
But some real estate executives wondered if Vornado would actually close the deal , because Mr. Roth of Vornado has a reputation as a tough and difficult negotiator .
Nonetheless , the contract was a significant victory for Boeing , which beat out the United Missile Defense Company , a joint venture among three companies with more experience in space and missile technology : Lockheed Martin , Raytheon and TRW .
JetBlue Airways is starting service on two new routes from airport in Long Beach , Calif , that will complete head-on with Southwest Airlines ; JetBlue is challenging Southwest in California market that Southwest has grown to dominate in last two decades ; carriers say that their low fares draw new customers , and so one 's gain may not be other 's loss ; JetBlue represents distinct choice for fliers because Southwest flies not out of Long Beach , but out of four other airports in Los Angeles area ; experts say JetBlue faces greater danger of knockout because it does not have large enough national operation to cover losses from vicious fare war in West ; chart ; photos ( M )
The Bloomberg administration recently put out to bid a portion of its voice and data systems business previously owned by Verizon , worth $ 180 million a year .
And even though Mr. Eisner rejected Comcast 's overture in a Feb. 9 conversation with Mr. Roberts , Comcast still thought the board would welcome the bid it made two days later .
''There 's no question it dramatically changes the competitive position of Intel 's products . ''
In the three years since , General Mills , which dreamed up Betty back in 1921 to represent its myriad brands , has been striving to make up for lost time .
And AOL and Time Warner have been looking at ways of approaching their dealings with AT & T -- not only their current ventures , but also prospects like offering AT & T telephone service to Time Warner Cable subscribers and America Online members , and making the Excite @ Home high-speed Internet service , which is controlled by AT & T , available on Time Warner 's cable systems .
The Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo have both been in talks to acquire Quaker Oats because it would mean winning Gatorade , one of the world 's fastest-growing beverages , with more than $ 1.8 billion in sales a year ago .
Deb Gotheimer , an I.B.M .
Microsoft , the world 's largest software maker , said it would appeal the ruling to the European courts .
Correction : February 4 , 2006 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about Boston Scientific 's meeting with the Food and Drug Administration over quality-control issues misstated the given name of an agency spokeswoman , who discussed the extent of the problems .
The two unions counter that Verizon could easily afford to pay the increased health care costs itself because it had $ 4 billion in profit last year on revenue of $ 67 billion .
General Motors ' profits in Asia plummeted in first quarter , but first hints of rebound are starting to become visible in China , automaker 's most important Asian market ; GM also announces redesigned subcompact car , the Chevrolet Aveo , first of series of new models that industry specialists predict could reverse slide earlier this year ; photo of vice president Robert Lutz introducing new Aveo ( M )
For the next four years , Pertamina and Exxon Mobil fought over how much of the project 's revenue Exxon Mobil would have to share and how long it would have the right to drill there .
In July 2004 , as Boeing decided to pursue a case , Senator Murray began a public campaign to persuade the United States to withdraw from a 1992 agreement that allowed Airbus to receive subsidies .
''It 's the same places , using the same processes as I.B.M .
Medtronic had argued in the lower courts that device companies are shielded from such lawsuits if federal regulators have reviewed their clinical data before the product is marketed and given them clearance to sell it .
Some analysts say that rather than pay tens of billions of dollars to Vodafone , Verizon should use its money to build the technology needed to connect its landline and broadband businesses with its wireless business .
Bookseller and Yahoo to Announce Pact
Shares of Oracle rose 12 cents , to $ 12.45 .
In a bid to stem what it called `` a rapidly growing criminal enterprise '' and make money as well , A.T. & T. said it would introduce a service for corporate customers called Net Protect this summer .
Such features should be available to Citigroup customers by the end of the year .
The move is in part propelled by Apple 's success with its iPod digital music players ; with 10 million sold in the last three years , the iPod has pulled Apple into the mass market .
The Federal Trade Commission plans to announce today that it has officially approved Time Warner 's $ 6.5 billion merger with the Turner Broadcasting System , according to people familiar with the decision .
Boston Scientific is being advised by Merrill Lynch , Bear Stearns , and Banc of America .
Verizon is having a harder time negotiating with Mr. Maisano 's unit because of the mandatory overtime issue , a person close to the talks said .
Medtronic , a minority investor in Transneuronix that had supplied it with pacemakers and the technology for programming them , said it would pay $ 260 million for full control .
The vulnerable include many people who might not be aware they are running the software , including some users who run Microsoft 's Windows 2000 or Windows NT operating systems and also have IIS Web server software on their machines , the program that is the worm 's target .
MySpace may be the most interesting acquisition , because it is such a long walk from the News Corporation 's core business .
Philips is first on the market with a single-chip LCoS set , and several other companies , including Intel and the MicroDisplay Corporation , have entered into agreements with electronics manufacturers to deliver components that will make sets available later this year .
He added that Nick Mote , the worldwide account director for Whirlpool at Publicis , would relocate to Chicago from London .
''Starbucks customers have a very high-quality perception of the coffee , '' he said .
AirTran plans to increase capacity by 25 percent a year for the next few years with the 50 737 's and six 717 's it just ordered from Boeing .
Verizon , having been temporarily out-maneuvered by its rival in an auction for MCI , remains in the stronger bidding position given its deep pockets , but the company must now decide how deeply to dig into them , industry analysts said yesterday .
Standard & Poor 's Corp and Moody 's Investors Service , in wake of criticism for not being quick enough to identify financial problems at Enron Corp , say they are considering changing way they determine their debt ratings to make them more timely and reflective of market prices and sentiment ( M )
As the prospects of a forced split have become more plausible , and analysts have warned that the company 's overall growth was slowing , the stock price has sharply fallen , down 19 percent since April 4 when the court found that Microsoft violated antitrust law .
In exchange for giving up control of the .net and .org registries earlier than required in its original contract , VeriSign would not be required to sell its lucrative business registering domain names for consumers .
In one , Boeing employees were found to have stolen thousands of pages of proprietary documents from Lockheed in the late 1990 's and used them to help bid for government rocket-launch business .
The rating activated clauses in Xerox 's debt agreements that could force it to buy back or refinance some $ 425 million in debt .
( If At Home 's shares trade above $ 48 when Cox and Comcast decide to sell , AT & T will not have to buy the companies ' entire stakes . )
Medtronic , based in Minneapolis , is the nation 's largest independent medical device maker .
The analyst , Giri Devulapally , specializes in Cisco for T. Rowe Price Associates , the mutual fund company based in Baltimore .
And it is partly because some of the lingering effects of the hurricane could actually benefit other business operations of Entergy , whose regulated utilities serve 2.7 million business and residential customers in Louisiana , Mississippi , Arkansas and Texas .
The decisions come at a time when all of the cable news and broadcast networks are having a hard time attracting sponsors to their 9/11 programming .
Merck was not the only company to postpone an initial offering yesterday .
Apple Computer 's iTunes , Web 's leading downloadable music outlet , sold 1995 release by Ciccone Youth that consists of 63 seconds of silence ; mention of track on gossip Web site spurred flood of e-mails about other silent tracks ; Apple has stopped selling track as single ; photo ( M )
General Motors still hopes to end the talks for taking over Daewoo Motor by next month , according to a G.M .
It did not help the labor negotiations that the NorthPoint deal could be seen as a provocative affront to Verizon 's unions , which have been trying to organize the company 's Internet operation .
More than 7,000 people have already sued Merck over heart attacks or strokes they claim were caused by Vioxx , the company said when it reported earnings last week .
Yahoo is the second-largest Internet media company , after America Online .
Other banks that have warned of rising loan losses include the Bank of New York , Comerica and Northern Trust .
came to light last month , are the offshore companies that specialize in reinsurance -- the business of insuring other insurance companies -- and that do most or all of their business with American International Group .
Microsoft Near Deal to Acquire Cable TV Stake
Prof Ikujiro Nonaka , well-known management thinker in Japan , will become first Xerox Distinguished Professor in Knowledge at business school of University of California at Berkeley ; Nonaka contends that companies can learn to have their employees pass on to each other what he calls tacit knowledge , information often referred to as intuition or gut instinct ; in a corporation , that could mean creating an intellectual directory , an electronically accessible compendium that tells which divisions , individuals , or work teams have been most effective at solving specific products ( M )
Intel acknowledges that its safeguards are not 100 percent effective , given that a malicious hacker could , in theory , sneak a peek at the number when it is turned off by surreptitiously planting a Trojan Horse program on the user 's computer .
A second factor was that the makers of this software -- led by Oracle , which pushed the idea early on -- promised a new generation of programs run entirely over the Internet .
The report drove Intel 's shares down more than 9 percent in after-hours trading ; they closed down 27 cents , or roughly 1 percent , at $ 25.52 , at the close .
''Morgan Stanley thinks it is really going to be a game of segmenting the market going forward , '' said Steve Galbraith , an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company , who said he had heard an outline of the planned overhaul .
Moody 's Investors Service pushes its long-term ratings on Mitsubishi Motors Co below investment grade ( S )
While it is not illogical for participants in a trial to assume the company would continue testing the drug , Judge Castel wrote in a 21-page opinion , ''that is a far cry from establishing a contract by which Amgen bargained away the freedom to terminate the research trials in its sole discretion . ''
On Nov. 24 , 2000 , in an e-mail message obtained by investigators , Steve Baillie , a Citigroup banker , told colleagues , ''Enron 's motivation in the deal now appears to be writing up the asset in question from a basis of about $ 100MM to as high as $ 250MM , thereby creating earnings . ''
The final price is expected to be around $ 5.3 billion because Cisco expects to acquire a cash balance of approximately $ 1.7 billion from Scientific-Atlanta .
The approach is intended to enable Microsoft to not only grab a slice of the $ 66-billion-a-year market for local advertising , but also sales and distribution charges for airline tickets , automobile sales and retail goods .
David W. Heleniak , a prominent mergers and acquisitions lawyer who over the last 31 years has worked on some of Wall Street 's biggest deals , will become a vice chairman at the firm , joining the management committee and reporting directly to the chairman and chief executive , Philip J. Purcell , Morgan Stanley said yesterday .
So now all enemies of Cisco are friends of ours . ''
released its financial data after the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange , where I.B.M .
Worldwide , Coca-Cola 's volume rose 3 percent for the year , compared with 10 percent in 1997 .
The European Commission has extended its review of a joint initiative by Microsoft and Time Warner to develop antipiracy software , a spokeswoman , Amelia Torres , said .
She said Wal-Mart would even put that promise in writing .
The union local at the Jonquière store hoped to be the first in North America to negotiate a contract with Wal-Mart .
Intel 's smaller businesses continued to struggle , however .
Computer and Communications Industry Association , alliance of technology companies , files new complaint with European antitrust regulators about Windows XP operating system of Microsoft , just as regulators are nearing end of probe into earlier versions of Windows ; alliance includes Sun Microsystems , Nokia , AOL Time Warner , Eastman Kodak , Fujitsu and Oracle ( M )
PeopleSoft 's board officially rejects Oracle Corp 's $ 5.1 billion hostile takeover bid ; says offer 'dramatically undervalues the company ' and is effort 'designed to disrupt ' PeopleSoft and its planned merger with J D Edwards & Co ; Oracle 's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison continues to mock PeopleSoft-J D Edwards deal even as PeopleSoft board rejects bid ; battle between Oracle and PeopleSoft escalates further when J D Edwards announces that it has filed suit against Oracle in state court in Colorado , accusing company of interfering wiht its proposed merger with PeopleSoft ; is seeking more than $ 1.7 billion in damages ; J D Edwards also files suit in California against Oracle , Ellison and Oracle 's executive vice president Charles E Phillips , contending that they engaged in unfair business practices ; J D Edwards chairman-chief executive Robert Dutkowsky denounces Oracle 's offer for PeopleSoft ; Oracle reports fourth-quarter earnings that beat expectations slightly ; says net income increased 31 percent compared with quarter year before , to $ 858 million ; total revenue increased 2 percent , to $ 2.83 billion , for quarter ended May 31 ( M )
Both companies make aircraft engines , with Honeywell also specializing in making avionic equipment for cockpits .
Now Amazon is pegging its hopes on deals to run Web sites and warehouses for other companies , like its current deals with Toys ''R '' Us and Target .
Cisco and SBC Expect Alliance
Comcast has agreed to acquire AT & T 's cable business in a deal that is expected to close near the end of the year .
1 cable operator ; AT & T and Time Warner jointly own Road Runner high-speed Internet service and there are other joint ventures ; government is considering pressing companies to undo at least some of these arrangements ; merger is being reviewed by Federal Trade Commission and Federal Communications Commission ; it is also receiving close review by European Commission ( M )
That time , he said , is starting now , and if Internet cash assumes greater prominence in CBS 's revenue stream , it may help offset its steadily increasing annual rights fee for March Madness , which will spike above $ 600 million at the end of its N.C.A.A .
Dieste Harmel & Partners , Dallas , and the Radiate Group , Boca Raton , Fla. , units of the Omnicom Group , formed an agency called Spice Marketing , Dallas , to specialize in event marketing aimed at Hispanics .
The Walt Disney World resort includes the Magic Kingdom , Epcot , Disney-MGM Studios and Disney 's Animal Kingdom park .
Roundup is Monsanto 's biggest product , accounting for about 40 percent of its estimated 2002 revenue of $ 4.6 billion , according to Bear , Stearns .
The complex maneuver is designed to avoid any tax liability while giving Hughes plenty of money to invest in its cash-hungry satellite business and giving shareholders another asset , the Raytheon stock .
In my own case , there was confusion over the location of our apartment ( vacant for several years before it was renovated , it had disappeared from Verizon 's records ) and a misunderstanding about how long it would take the company 's technicians to install the line and jacks that my wife and I urgently needed , since we both work from home some of the time .
Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , said that while his company was ''surprised and honored '' by the inclusion in the Modern , ''the reason we care about design has more to do with touching the everyday lives of users . ''
Analysis of ouster of Jacques Nasser as chief executive of Ford Motor Co ; he worked his way up through company 's interntional division and was turnaround expert known for costcutting , but he was undone by tin ear for politicking necessary to run company of Ford 's size and by struggling economy , which has unmasked industry as increasingly cluttered and difficult business that has passed sales peak for foreseeable future ; photo ( M )
In complaints filed with the Commerce Department in the United States and the European Union , Micron and Infineon have charged that Hynix could not have remained in business without substantial government subsidies , notably huge infusions of credit by government-controlled banks .
Struggling to retain employees after a turbulent year , the Coca-Cola Company has instituted sweeping salary increases for the first time in at least two decades , according to company officials .
Tengizchevroil is mainly American-owned ; Chevron has half ; Exxon Mobil has one-quarter ; a Russian partnership , LukArco , holds another 5 percent ; and the Kazakhstan government owns the other 20 percent .
Microsoft , I.B.M .
Scot Wingo , chief executive of ChannelAdvisor , which helps large retailers sell on eBay , says the number of transactions receiving feedback has declined by 10 percent since the system was introduced .
That prospect caused Microsoft to abandon its intended $ 2 billion purchase of Intuit Inc. , the leading maker of personal-finance software , in 1995 , after the Justice Department investigated for months -- and a formal Government challenge , with further delays , seemed likely .
But Amazon has plans to expand its offerings to the next tier of 500 publishers and expects to promote the program at the book industry 's trade convention in April .
But Johnson & Johnson may not be able to make too much of being first with the new devices .
And Time Warner is still working to resolve federal investigations into its accounting around the time of the merger .
''I do n't think they 're in trouble ; the question for the Gap is how are they going to grow in an apparel environment that is only 4 percent a year ? ''
The General Motors Corporation today made official its desire to buy the Daewoo Motor Company , but said it was unwilling to assume any of the Korean automaker 's $ 16 billion in debt .
Interpublic Combines 2 Media Service Units
Lawyers at Paul , Weiss , Rifkind , Wharton & Garrison in New York , representing Citigroup in the class action , argue in their brief that this legal theory should apply neither to analysts in general nor to Mr. Grubman in particular .
That is the gist of three surveys released last week by American Express , the CIT Group and MasterCard International .
But Amazon executives said they continued to believe the programs were essential to building the customer base , despite the pressure they put on the company 's profits .
He brought the suit , he said , because Pfizer and Pharmacia repeatedly rejected his efforts to tell the F.D.A .
SEEKING to cast a spell on skeptical younger car buyers , the Ford Motor Company will center one of its largest recent product introductions on a ploy that could be called the Blaring Gurwitch Project .
Senior Executive at Morgan Stanley Will Remain With Firm
Last year , Asda opened its first Asda Wal-Mart Supercentre , which sells food , clothing and home products , much like the Wal-Mart supercenters in the United States .
Introduced last month , well behind schedule , the PlayStation 3 is now in a pitched battle with a new game console from Nintendo and the Xbox 360 , made by Microsoft , which has closed the gap with Sony in the roughly $ 30 billion global game market .
''We wo n't be able to build a part that meets our requirements for quality , '' said Chuck Molloy , a spokesman for Intel , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif .
To lure customers these days , marketers at corporations and small businesses are capitalizing on the iPod craze by giving away the popular digital music players made by Apple Computer .
Mr. Ivester will keep an office at Coca-Cola and will be paid for consulting work for a number of years .
In a letter sent to the Justice Department 's antitrust division today , Microsoft responded that it had complied fully with the court order and that prosecutors were now seeking to impose new and unreasonable demands on the company .
But with the original goals of the Power PC alliance having changed , the future of the alliance is ''a work in progress , '' he said , adding that Motorola and I.B.M .
Telefonica said a subsidiary , Telefonica Moviles , would acquire the Motorola shares and that a final agreement was expected within the next two weeks .
A small start-up company and the giant Hartford Financial Services Group plan to roll out a buyer protection plan today that is meant to instill confidence in shoppers on eBay -- the Web auction site that does a booming business but engenders such a fear of fraud that an estimated 8 of every 10 online shoppers steer clear of it .
''Eight of the 13 business lines defined by Citigroup reported sequential declines in revenue , '' wrote Richard X. Bove , an equity analyst with Hoefer & Arnett , in a research report .
The regulated company -- still known as Rochester Telephone -- owns and operates the existing local phone network ; it is required to lease out capacity on its network at a wholesale discount to would-be competitors like AT & T .
IBM says it has tripled back-office operations in India in last two years to 20,000 employees ; is India 's largest multinational employer with 43,000 employees ( S )
''Our target is to open up the expat and meetings market here , '' said Robert J. Lohrmann , general manager at the Sanya Marriott Resort and Spa .
''They 've always had so many hidden charges that even Dean Buntrock admitted that no one believed the numbers , '' said Nell Minow , a principal with the investment partnership Lens , referring to Waste Management 's former chairman .
Motorola has been selling more cellphones , including the Q , that are designed for sending e-mail as well as talking .
Shareholders Voice Anger Toward Interpublic
The earnings news from Cisco , based in San Jose , Calif. , comes several weeks after two other technology industry bellwethers , I.B.M .
The company , whose investors include several members of prominent Italian families , BellSouth , Aetna , Caisse de Dépôts and MetLife .
You can find iBook batteries for around $ 139 at online stores , including www.applelaptopbattery.com .
There are also questions about growth in the business that has been Boston Scientific 's mainstay -- selling drug-coated stents that prop open coronary arteries .
Wal-Mart , which is based in Bentonville , Ark. , declined to comment .
WITH what could best be described as evangelical zeal , Nike is in the middle of an advertising campaign this week in New York City that tries to capitalize on that proud urban tradition of preaching from street corners to promote the company 's products during the 30th running of the New York City Marathon , which will take place on Sunday .
Today , Boeing people are still coming -- but to help put themselves back on schedule .
The top creative executive at the New York office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , has left the agency .
At the Compleat Angler , a luxury hotel overlooking the Thames , the two Dow Chemical officials met with two senior executives of JPMorgan Chase in early February , according to people who attended the meeting .
Wal-Mart has also been sued over the hiring of hundreds of illegal aliens who worked as cleaning crews in its stores .
On the conference call , Disney representatives said that the board , along with Mr. Eisner , knew about the possibility of a bid from Comcast and that management had drafted a script rejecting any overture to enter merger talks .
''Who does n't shop at Wal-Mart ? ''
In the meantime , it ordered A.T. & T. to immediately begin to `` educate '' its customers on how to use the special codes .
For example , the Chery Automobile Company , one of China 's largest automakers , has been accused of mimicking the designs of General Motors and Volkswagen .
''EBay is facing a fundamental change in consumer behavior . ''
Executives close to the talks say that General Electric has offered to divest itself of assets worth as much as $ 3 billion in annual revenue .
As for AT & T , Mr. Moore said there could be no certainty that it would succeed in Internet access ; it has already shown a certain clumsiness in several high-technology markets , starting with its high-profile failure in the PC market after acquiring the NCR Corporation .
That would have been true even if Morgan Stanley had informed prosecutors immediately about the payment and entered it into its books properly .
Viacom shares have fallen about 24 percent from their high this year while CBS has moved mainly sideways .
David Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School , said , ''This keeps the legal ax hanging over Microsoft 's head .
Microsoft executives said they wanted to avoid a rerun of the early days of automated teller machines , before common standards and a sense of trust , when each major bank had its own stand-alone network .
AT & T has not commented , beyond affirming its privacy policies .
But word scholars worry that the new pressures of the online market may end up favoring well-connected or well-positioned dictionaries -- some sniffingly cite Microsoft 's Encarta -- over more authoritative lexicons .
EXPRESS SCRIPTS opened a proxy war in the pharmacy benefits industry yesterday , moving to derail the pending acquisition of its rival Caremark Rx by the drugstore chain CVS .
The Justice Department 's proposal , according to people close to the situation , calls for Microsoft to be split into two companies -- one with its operating-system business and one with its Office software and most other operations .
He said Medco 's five-year contract with Merck , disclosed in its government filings , was problematical for its future business .
Intel , which makes about 85 percent of the world 's computer processors , announced last week that each of its new Pentium III chips would have an identifying serial number that would enhance the security of electronic commerce and guard against software piracy .
It cranked out Ford Expeditions and Lincoln Navigators , which carried a profit of $ 12,000 to $ 15,000 apiece , partly because they used the inexpensive underbodies of Ford F-150 pickups .
AT & T will sell the phones in those states , online and , at least initially , in Cingular stores in Los Angeles ; Austin , Tex .
Advertising column notes that several big national advertisers made changes on their accounts involving billings estimated at more than $ 210 million ; Vistakon unit of Johnson & Johnson has named McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising to handle Acuvue account , with billings estimated at $ 40 million to $ 50 million ; Pontiac-GMC division of General Motors Corp shifts its GMC trucks and sport utility vehicles account from McCann to Ammirati Puris , with billings estimated at $ 70 million ; BBDO Worldwide is named to handle creative development for Pepsico 's Aquafina bottled water ; Goodby , Silberstein is named to handle overseas creative duties for 7UP and Mirinda ( M )
Now in charge of the company 's most important development project , Mr. Sinofsky has proved to be far more secretive than his predecessor , Jim Allchin , who retired from Microsoft this year .
''If in any way that upgraded people 's perception of McDonald 's , what would be the problem with that ? ''
Coca-Cola has blamed a bad batch of carbon dioxide , used to carbonate its soft drinks , for the problems in Antwerp .
Ford Motor Co may acquire passenger car operations of Volvo AB , Swedish car manufacturer , for between $ 6 billion and $ 7 billion ; would beat rival bid by Fiat SpA of Italy , in latest step in consolidation of global automotive industry ; deal would leave Volvo mainly as maker of heavy trucks and buses ; Ford would continue selling cars bearing Volvo label and would continue using Swedish workers ; other recent acquisitions in automobile industry noted ( M )
CBS Radio and XM Satellite Radio are in talks to replace David Lee Roth , morning host who replaced Howard Stern , with Opie and Anthony , foulmouthed XM talk team ; deal would split Opie and Anthony 's show between satellite and terrestrial stations , with cleaner version for CBS audience produced in WFNY-FM studios in Manhattan ; two hosts , Gregg Hughes and Anthony Cumia , would then do two additional , unrestrained hours on XM radio ( M )
Apple Computer Ousts Chief In Response to Poor Results
It is unclear , he said , whether these younger workers will take advantage of Kodak 's retraining benefits or will move on .
Analysts who monitor Oracle and its competitors tend to agree .
In the last three years , Oracle spent more than $ 20 billion on acquisitions , including buying two of its most formidable competitors , PeopleSoft and Siebel .
Procter to Cut 9,600 Jobs In Drive to Trim Its Overhead
Wal-Mart declines to provide much data about the program , which began Sept. 22 in Tampa , Fla. , and has quickly spread to more than 3,800 Wal-Mart and Sam 's Club pharmacies in 49 states .
''We had two days , Saturday the 21st and Monday the 23rd , with over a billion dollars , '' said a Wal-Mart spokesman , Tom Williams , ''but the increase was too late and too little for us to reach our sales plan . ''
Intel Corp says it will not meet its expectations for sales or gross profit margin for its second quarter ; cites weak demand in Europe and fact that microprocessor sales in second quarter , typically industry 's weakest , did not rise to seasonal norms ; Intel shares , downgraded by Merrill Lynch to neutral from strong buy , fall 4.2 percent in regular trading and another 10 percent after hours ; photo ( M )
The two companies announced no specific products , but said they had begun working together to ensure that the new Advanced Micro chips , which permit both 32-bit and 64-bit processing , are supported by future versions of Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
For AT & T 's board , however , a deal with a company other than Comcast could hold attractions other than money .
But Texas Instruments has added a touch of fashion to function with its latest model for junior high and high school students .
Of the $ 300 million to be paid , $ 140 million was charged against earnings in Intel 's most recent quarter .
A Government lawyer and Microsoft 's next-to-last witness had been sparring for hours today when the presiding judge asked a few questions of his own that cut to the core of the company 's defense .
Intel said it would spend about half of its $ 5.5 billion capital expense budget on manufacturing equipment .
EMachines and Microsoft have agreed to produce an Internet device specifically for Microsoft 's MSN online service .
I.B.M .
The sharpest circulation declines among large papers came in Boston and Philadelphia , according to the report , which did not include the latest figures from The Buffalo News , which is owned by Warren E. Buffett and had shown a 9.6 percent decline in the last reporting period .
When Katie Couric jumps to ''CBS Evening News , '' will advertising dollars follow ?
I.B.M .
Fred McNeese , the I.B.M .
''When people think about Goldman Sachs , they think about a first-class investment banking franchise , '' said Henry McVey , an analyst at Morgan Stanley .
The biggest dissenter appeared to be Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of the News Corporation .
That is why the initial elements of the campaign , including TV spots that began running Monday night , try using specific examples to demonstrate how Bank of America strives to provide ''Higher standards '' of customer service .
It is not clear how the compound regulates the levels of these proteins , but Celgene 's president , Sol J. Barer , said that the compounds ''appear to be highly specific for the suppression of tumor necrosis factor-a . ''
Microsoft is one of 36 investors taking part in the Educause standards program and has invested $ 150,000 in it so far .
Pip , as the Microsoft product refers to itself , is the most vocal combatant , although its onscreen messages tend toward the self-incriminating : ''Pip has caused an error '' and ''Pip will now close . ''
However , this afternoon , a spokeswoman for Sun , based in Mountain View , Calif. , said the company believed the tentative ruling still left in place significant constraints that would make it difficult for Microsoft to copy Sun 's programming language .
A.T. & T. said it wanted to make its numbers more comparable to the rest of the industry .
Last month , General Motors was giving away Dell computers to Saturn buyers , in addition to the usual offer of zero-percent financing and big rebates that were heaviest on remaining 2003 models .
But Ms. Miller says that she never was a true believer -- and , likewise , that she has not lost all faith , despite the turnabout that has slashed Priceline 's share price by more than 90 percent and left her options on the company 's stock virtually worthless .
Many patients have lost weight , begun exercising or changed their diets , he said , since Pfizer 's program began .
Not content with selling everything from books to exercise equipment online , the Web retailer Amazon.com is starting its own weekly talk show , presented over the Internet with the comedian Bill Maher as host .
Two years ago , Sun settled antitrust and patent lawsuits against Microsoft for $ 1.6 billion , after trying for years to get access to its underlying technology .
( EBay allows sellers to change or update auction listings if no bids have been placed . )
State takeover of Flint , Mich , caps series of blows that can be traced to General Motors plant closings that reduced number of its workers in city from 80,000 in 1970 's to 20,000 today ; city officials and residents concede that city bears much of blame because it did not adjust to its rapidly declining tax base and curb spending ; City Council is challenging state takeover ; Edward Kurtz , Flint 's state-appointed financial manager , says his chief concern is debt burden , now nearly $ 40 million ; photos ( M )
Investors have considered a union between AT & T and BellSouth likely because of their mutual stake in Cingular and because of their shared history as Baby Bells .
Kodak expects that digital products and services , which do not provide the rich margins of conventional film and processing in either consumer or professional markets , will account for $ 9.5 billion of 2006 sales , up from $ 3.5 billion last year .
''Most people have come to the conclusion that NT on Intel is the combination . ''
Technologists for I.B.M .
In fact , Electronic Arts does benefit hugely from free agency , its executives say .
''We obviously see this as a huge victory , '' said Bryan Hurley , a spokesman for Monsanto , based in St. Louis .
A.T. & T. said that it would appeal the verdict , which was reached Wednesday and announced yesterday .
They trade less than 20 percent below their levels in September 2004 , before Merck stopped selling Vioxx .
Texas Instruments , with 1,000 employees in India , said it expected to expand to 2,500 and would move to a new high-rise building by 2005 , with Motorola as its neighbor .
''It 's not fair to say that Yahoo totally blew it , '' said Ellen Siminoff , a former Yahoo executive who is now chief executive of Efficient Frontier , a search advertising company .
Technicians prepare to install parts of the new system , said Jerry Edgerton , president of the federal services group at Verizon , and ''the next thing you know , we get trouble reports because somebody has disconnected something that they had no authority to do . ''
A.T. & T. now controls more than 70 percent of the `` 800 '' market , which has been one of the most lucrative and fastest-growing segments of long-distance service ; on a typical business day , 40 percent of the 150 million calls traveling over A.T. & T. 's network go to `` 800 '' numbers .
Actuaries for Farmers and Progressive said that the reason for their rate moves was simple : Their customers who drive sport utility vehicles and pickups have been incurring unusually expensive claims to cover the damage and injuries they inflict during accidents .
In one of the investigations , a private detective was found to have filed false reports , which were submitted by lawyers for Coca-Cola Enterprises to the court as evidence that B. K. Miller was violating the Soft Drink Inter-Brand Competition Act , a 1980 law intended to protect small bottlers .
CBS also will venture into the thriller genre with ''Jericho , '' a show about some mysterious events in a small town in Kansas , which finds itself apparently on the edge of the apocalypse .
Corning , for example , gained $ 2.02 , to $ 25.20 , even though the No .
He reorganized Boeing 's military division to provide for greater accountability .
Gap , meanwhile , has named a new president ; a new head of its children , baby and maternity business ; and a designer for adult fashions .
Eastman Kodak Co names Daniel P Palumbo president of consumer imaging division , replacing Robert J Keegan ; Matthias Freund is named chief operating officer of consumer imaging ( S )
and get a range of stores in the search results , visitors to Nike.com can ask the same question and be directed to the NikeGolf.com site .
Fiat honorary chairman Gianni Agnelli returns to Italy after medical treatment in United States , spurring speculation that Fiat will sell 80 percent of its car unit to General Motors ; is seen as opposing sale ; chief executive Giancarlo Boschetti denies rumors company was contacted by GM ; photo ( S )
At the same time , Intel executives said they were not seeing the signs of a price war among chip makers , or of a widespread drop in demand for personal computers -- fears of which may be causing investors to drive down the stock prices across the board in the sector .
Verizon loses money on Internet access services but analysts have said that Verizon and other former Bell companies have to offer competitive online service plans if they are to hang on to their current customers and attract new ones as competition increases in the traditional phone business .
According to the American Express Business Travel Monitor , which tracks business air fares in 215 domestic city pairs each month , while typical business air fares remain at record high levels and have shot up 77 percent since 1996 , they stayed flat in March and February at about an average of $ 1,158 for a round-trip ticket .
Joanne Davis , president at Joanne Davis Consulting in New York , which is managing the review , identified the finalists as Cramer-Krasselt in Chicago ; Martin/Williams Advertising in Minneapolis , part of the Omnicom Group ; and Saatchi & Saatchi in New York , part of the Publicis Groupe .
''It allows them to leverage the tremendous investment -- billions of dollars -- it has made in the past few years in creating and refining and upgrading Xbox Live , '' Mr. Rubin said of Microsoft 's move .
Intel Corp plans to start shipping new computer chip called Manitoba for use in cellular phones , move company hopes will provide strong presence in growing wireless communications industry ( M )
Former employees would have to exercise those options within 18 months , and unless Coke 's stock climbed significantly in that period , they might be worthless .
Both deals -- Royal Caribbean 's friendly offer and Carnival 's hostile one -- are nearing the final stages of antitrust review in Europe and the United States ; the European verdict is expected Aug. 19 and the American one soon after .
Shares of Boeing fell 75 cents yesterday , to $ 46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .
''It is important for New Yorkers to understand that fraud like this contributes to overall costs , '' said Stephen Englert , the special investigations manager for Allstate .
Strength of Kodak 's Results In Period Surprises Wall St .
With Enron 's former auditor , Arthur Andersen , on shaky ground and questions growing about just how much Enron has in assets , Wall Street firms like J. P. Morgan and Citigroup are looming ever larger as potential targets for the creditors .
In April the Federal Reserve ended a yearlong restriction on major acquisitions by Citigroup , saying that the bank had made progress in improving its compliance and risk management programs .
In a related consolidation , P. & G. will drop from its agency roster Arnold McGrath in New York , part of the Arnold Worldwide Partners division of Havas , which had Procter billings estimated at $ 65 million .
A new look for an old standby : Con Edison revamps its corporate image .
Laura Asman , a spokeswoman for Coca-Cola Enterprises , the Coca-Cola Company 's largest bottler , said the settlement terms , completed Friday , were ''strictly confidential . ''
Fraud claims were dropped against two other companies , the Prudential units of Aetna in California and Virginia , and Health Net , formerly Foundation Health Systems , in Florida .
Indeed , Cummins , along with companies like Caterpillar , has led an unexpected industry revival .
also said that KPMG violated its duty to advise Xerox when it discovered illegal acts in its audits .
Citigroup , created last year by the merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group Inc. , said its Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit continued to post extremely poor results , particularly in bond trading , although the company 's overall performance in volatile emerging markets showed a sharp rebound from recent problems it had encountered .
The addition of the bundling accusation involving Media Player to the European case bears a resemblance to the charges originally brought by the Justice Department that Microsoft bundled its Internet Explorer Web browser illegally with the Windows system .
said that auditors for the firm had repeatedly pointed to ways that Xerox management had manipulated its results to raise reported profits by more than $ 1.2 billion before taxes from 1997 through 2000 .
Cisco said the company also planned to sell the technology it uses for electronic commerce to customers .
Goodyear was also hurt by the strong dollar .
Shares of Qwest fell 4 cents , to $ 3.68 , while Verizon 's stock rose 10 cents , to $ 35.01 .
Earlier this month , Yahoo adopted a series of antitakeover provisions .
The Microsoft filing , antitrust experts say , is partly intended to give Judge Jackson reason to consider a milder legal judgment against the company .
Microsoft says that its own market research -- using a somewhat different methodology than the Times/CBS and Gallup polls -- finds no erosion in its public image .
For the quarter , McDonald 's now expects to earn 29 to 30 cents a share , down from the 33 cents a share the company earned in the quarter a year earlier .
Charles Herold Game Theory column reviews video games Bullet Witch , developed by Cavia and published by Atari for Xbox 360 , and Def Jam : Icon , developed by EA Chicago and published by Electronic Arts for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 ; photos ( M )
Moody 's Investors Service cuts long- and short-term credit ratings for AT & T two notches to speculative status , citing impact of relentless competition on is revenues and earnings ( S )
She provides an expert 's assessment showing that the use of General Electric 's Boeing 737 aircraft is valued at $ 291,869 a month , or about $ 3.5 million a year .
Michael Murphy , editor of The California Technology Stock Letter , also said that the Year 2000 worry is misguided , and added that any damage it did to Adobe shares presented a buying opportunity .
Executives at I.B.M .
And a member of the Judiciary committee , Senator Charles E. Schumer , a New York Democrat , sent a letter yesterday to the Justice Department and several state attorneys general urging them to enjoin Microsoft from shipping Windows XP unless it scales back its plans .
As the year progresses , the effect of currency gains on I.B.M .
Microsoft Profit Rises 5 % , Meeting Analysts ' Forecasts
Yahoo reports fourth-quarter profits are down from year ago ; predicts modest improvements for 2007 as it struggles to compete with Google ; posts earnings of $ 268.7 million for quarter , down from $ 683.2 million in year-earlier period ; chief executive Terry S Semel comments ; photo ( M )
Merck must now persuade skeptical regulators and doctors that it is fully disclosing Arcoxia 's potential hazards .
Microsoft had asked to submit a brief four times the length the court normally allows , and the government sought less than half that .
Carnival is expected to announce the sweetened offer as early as Thursday , these people said .
Governments around world are working to ensure alternative to Microsoft , which they fear has become too powerful in critical software markets ; are encouraging their agencies to use 'open source ' software -- developed by communities of programmers who distribute code without charge and donate their labor to cooperatively debug , modify and otherwise improve software ; best known of these projects is Linux , computer operating system that Microsoft regards as leading competitive threat to its lucrative Windows franchise in market for software that runs computer servers ; corporate champion of Linux is IBM , which is working with many governments on Linux projects ; photo ( M )
There are no valid reasons to justify the full extent of Microsoft 's exclusionary behavior in the IAP channel .
When Mr. Wendt joined Conseco in June , after years as a top executive at General Electric , the company was on the brink of bankruptcy .
Gilbert F Amelio resigns as chairman and chief executive of ailing Apple Computer Inc ; abrupt ouster of turnaround specialist casts doubt on company 's future ; Ellen Hancock resigns as executive vice president for technology ; Steven P Jobs , co-founder and strategic adviser , will assume expanded role in months ahead as company searches for new chief executive ; photo ( M )
So far , the only states where Bell companies have been allowed to expand from the local market into the long-distance arena are New York , where the Bell carrier is Verizon , and Texas , where the Bell carrier is SBC Communications Inc .
service to existing dial-up MSN customers in the Verizon service areas and through its relationships with electronics retailers .
''The onus is on Microsoft to design its product in conformity with European competition laws , which it is well aware of . ''
For every dollar Microsoft makes on Windows Vista , the rest of the industry will collect $ 18 of revenue , estimates IDC , a technology research firm .
Mediacom , media services unit of Grey Advertising , and CBS Broadcast International are teaming up to form Eyeventure Media and Entertainment , with offices in Hong Kong , London , Miami and New York ; terms undisclosed ; William Kunkel is named president and chief executive of Eyeventure ; Omnicom Group acquires Eden Communications Group ; financial terms undisclosed ( S )
Exxon Mobil has to persuade customers to sign contracts that typically last 20 years .
AT & T itself was not charged in either the civil or criminal cases .
''Frank is the guy that put the word 'hot ' in hot I.P.O. , '' said Andy Kessler , a hedge fund investor based in Silicon Valley who once worked with Mr. Quattrone at Morgan Stanley .
Union Pacific is currently investing about $ 2 billion a year in new equipment to try to become a more efficient competitor .
Notes found with the banned items cited similar motives , Southwest Airlines said .
Merck has also leased an adjacent one-acre parcel for possible future development .
In a conference call with analysts , investors and reporters , Mr. Lafley said he would spend the next six weeks studying Procter 's spending to decide which efforts should continue to receive their current levels of investment .
Though the two companies are not now competitors , both AT & T and Microsoft are behemoths with long traditions of dominating their industries .
Yesterday 's gloomy forecast from AT & T confirmed that relief was not yet at hand .
Microsoft Corp argues in court that it had every right to tell Apple Computer last year that it would stop producing word processors and other software for Macintosh computers unless Apple adopted Microsoft 's Internet browser as default choice on all its computers ; Apple senior vice president Avadis Tevanian Jr , in his direct , written testimony , contends that Microsoft threatened to stop producing new Macintosh version of Microsoft Office unless Apple reversed its position and favored Microsoft 's browser over browser of Netscape Communications Corp ( M )
The latest chukker in their legal match -- part of a saga that is nearly 20 years old -- began last week when the polo association sued Polo Ralph Lauren USA Holdings in federal court in Manhattan , alleging that it ''maliciously acted to destroy the sports merchandising program of the U.S. Polo Association '' by writing letters that intimidated retailers with trademark infringement lawsuits if they sold the association 's goods .
He said as well that Yahoo would find it harder to sell any new services to its customers than AOL would because it did not have credit-card billing information already on file , as AOL did for its 30 million members .
America Online , in turn , would gain access to Time Warner 's entertainment and information empire .
Michael G. Cherkasky , the new chairman and chief executive of Marsh & McLennan Companies , may know little about the insurance business .
I 'm less comfortable if we arrive at a standard that Microsoft controls . ''
Intel reduced prices today on several models of the Pentium 4 chip by one-third to one-half .
I.B.M .
The I.B.M .
Boeing 's board may have been reacting to the recent missteps of Freddie Mac , which is searching for a successor to Gregory J. Parseghian , who had interim added to his chief executive title after an investigation found that he had played a role in some questionable transactions .
''The Fed wisely did not lower the funds rate more to meet the short-run desires of financial market participants , '' said Mickey D. Levy , chief economist at Bank of America .
Kohl 's reported a modest 2.5 percent increase in profit , to $ 113.8 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 111 million , or 32 cents , a year earlier , on stronger sales of $ 2.38 billion , a 12 percent increase .
United States and European Union reignite long-festering trade war over commercial aircraft subsidies with complaints to World Trade Organization after bilateral talks fail to resolve bitter dispute ; US Trade Rep Robert B Zoellick cites what US sees as lavish subisidies for Airbus ; Europeans charge US unfairly supports Boeing through variety of means , including military programs that subsidize its commercial operations ; US wants Europe to end direct loans to Airbus ; Zoellick says he is responding to Airbus plan to rely on further subsidies to develop aircraft to compete with Boeing 's planned next generation midsize airliner ; photo ( M )
The government banned newsstand sales of Time magazine in early March after its Asian edition carried an article about the outlawed Falun Gong sect .
''We 're unhappy with our share , '' said Stephen Crawford , Morgan Stanley 's chief financial officer .
Mark Cohen , professor at Vanderbilt University , reports that black customers are almost twice as likely as whites to be charged marked-up rate when they finance purchase through Honda Motor Finance Corp and that blacks are charged higher markups than whites on average ; Honda faces lawsuits in federal and state courts asserting that lending practices outlined in Cohen 's study are discriminatory ; American Honda says it and American Honda Finance Corp require dealers to follow fair lending practices ; lending arms of Nissan and General Motors have already settled lawsuits related to issue , and other suits are pending against banks and financing companies operated by Ford Motor , Toyota and DaimlerChrysler ( M )
The Senate passed the bill on Wednesday after amending it to address concerns from companies like Apple that had called it ''state-sponsored piracy . ''
The president of General Electric , Jeffrey R. Immelt , said last week there was ''zero '' chance that the acquisition of Honeywell would go ahead .
Until Thomson formally became a partner in the deal , the commission was concerned that the deal would allow Microsoft to dominate the market for antipiracy , or digital rights management software .
And , Mr. Heleniak 's experience as a mergers banker and his acquaintances with Morgan Stanley 's investment bankers could allow him to serve as an emissary of sorts to an area of the bank where feelings against Mr. Purcell have run high .
The computer system was under attack by a rogue program called SQL Slammer , which affected servers running Microsoft software that had not been updated with a patch -- issued months ago -- to fix the vulnerability .
After all , the movies made by Viacom 's Paramount Pictures studio and the actor 's production company earned more than $ 2.5 billion at the box office .
Nevertheless , he said Intel would increase the speed of its transition to the Pentium 4 for desktop computers because the chips have surprised the company with higher product yields and lower costs than expected .
P & O Princess Cruises rejected a sweetened bid today from the Carnival Corporation , the world 's biggest cruise company , and said it would press ahead with an agreement to merge with Royal Caribbean , the second-largest cruise line .
At General Mills , the Cascadian Farms and Muir Glen brands increased sales by 21 percent in the last year , according to the research firm Information Resources Inc. , while the company 's overall business was up just 1.6 percent .
In a rare demonstration , more than 100 Wal-Mart employees rallied yesterday at a store in Hialeah Gardens , Fla. , a Miami suburb .
Dataquest , a market research firm , said that Microsoft Office now has 93 percent of the world market for the collections of business software known as suites .
So intent is Home Depot on finding qualified employees that it has even made some of its commercials the equivalent of help-wanted ads .
''Captchas are useful for companies like Yahoo , but if they 're broken it 's even more useful for researchers , '' Dr. Blum said .
Boston Scientific 's only other significant bet in cardiac rhythm management is an investment in Cameron Health , a start-up based in San Clemente , Calif. Cameron is in the early stages of developing a novel defibrillator that is surgically attached to the heart to monitor it and provide shocks when needed to restore normal heartbeats without the use of wires embedded in the heart .
A month before the Royal Dutch/Shell Group downgraded its estimate of its oil and natural gas reserves by 20 percent , the company concluded that some of its chief rivals , like Exxon Mobil , had more conservative accounting of their reserves , according to a December memorandum prepared for senior Shell executives .
In August 1987 , Intel was valued at about $ 6 billion by the stock market , and Microsoft at about $ 3 billion .
Sir Martin Sorrell , chief executive at WPP , and Shelly Lazarus , chairwoman and chief executive at Ogilvy , have impressed Steven J. Heyer , who recently joined Coca-Cola as executive vice president .
''Getting the plant up and running is absolutely critical to maintaining Folgers leadership share position because we are entering the peak consumption period , '' said Doug McGraw , vice president of Procter 's global coffee unit .
William Epifanio 2d , an analyst with J. P. Morgan , said that Oracle was directly affected because about one-fourth of its sales come from enterprise resource software and indirectly because about one-third of the rest of its sales is data-base software used with other companies ' enterprise resource applications .
Shannon Bell , a Citigroup spokeswoman , declined to comment .
Not every branding expert found wisdom in the Nike withdrawal .
Pfizer filed an amended complaint in Delaware Chancery court yesterday that could hasten the removal of both roadblocks .
Merged with Time Warner , AOL will be make the customers it adds through access to Time Warner 's cable networks worth having by selling them more subscriber-based services .
Research firm WebSideStory releases report indicating that Google is gaining market share among Internet search sites and could challenge longtime leader Yahoo ; says 36.35 percent of all search referrals come from Yahoo while 31.87 percent are from Google ( S )
Earlier this year , Nike teamed up with Jamie King , a choreographer who has worked with Madonna , Britney Spears and Jennifer Lopez , and the gym Crunch Fitness to offer a new workout called the Rockstar .
Microsoft Corp acknowledges that one of its programmers apparently masqueraded as independent computer consultant earlier this week in effort to discredit America Online 's tactics in companies ' quarrel over instant messaging ; Microsoft is unable to identify employee who forged E-mail message accusing America Online of irresponsible behavior ; whoever did deed sent message to one computer security expert who is most likely to trace it back to Microsoft ; bitter dispute has developed between Microsoft and America Online over instant on-line messaging ; dispute began last month when Microsoft introduced clone of AOL Instant Messenger program , which permits computer users to chat over Internet with other computer users ; America Online says Microsoft is making illegal use of proprietary directory information that is essential to connect instant messenger users via Internet ; Microsoft disinformation incident came to light on Aug 11 when Richard Smith , president of Phar Lap Software and leading computer security expert , received E-mail message from someone identifying himself as Phil Bucking of Bucking Consulting ; author suggested that he was developing his own instant messaging program and was studying America Online 's tactics in blocking Microsoft users ( M )
IN an effort to end an embarrassing chapter in its domestic business , the Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that the head of its fountain division had agreed to step down .
Their influence on Whole Foods Market has led a foie gras producer to file a lawsuit against the natural-food grocery chain .
The credit-rating agency Moody 's Investors Service pushed its long-term ratings on the Mitsubishi Motor Company , Japan 's fourth-largest car maker , below investment grade .
Cellphone makers have resisted Microsoft 's effort to persuade them to incorporate its software .
That is essentially a zero-sum game , because it governs what portion of the company is allocated to Time Warner 's shareholders and what portion to AOL 's .
Mr. Squali said that Wal-Mart 's departure from the market could encourage both companies to raise prices .
And he ended his tenure at Time Warner in character , with the success of ''The Historian , '' the debut novel by Elizabeth Kostova , published by the Time Warner subsidiary Little , Brown & Company .
Again , eBay 's good intentions yielded mixed results .
Verizon is also weighing hiring people from outside the company , although it is not clear when and how this would take place , Mr. Rabe , Verizon 's spokesman , said .
Even though stock analysts acknowledge the organizational strength of Coca-Cola , they say that investors are looking for more short-term security than the company 's shares can provide .
Unlike many Internet companies during and even after the dot-com boom , Razorfish had been profitable , relying on a diverse list of clients that included the Ford Motor Company , Cisco Systems and other blue-chip companies .
Pfizer went after Warner-Lambert after the company had already agreed to merge with American Home Products .
''I wanted to take a look very iconic to Gap and interpret it in accessories , '' she said .
Mr. Gerstner , after all , is widely admired for transforming I.B.M. , the computer giant , into I.B.M. , the services-led enterprise , one capable of prospering during the current downturn .
Against that background , Express Scripts made its offer of $ 26 billion in cash and stock yesterday .
Analysts say investors harbor a good deal of ill will for the old Waste Management , which had a history of mismanagement , accounting discrepancies and earnings disappointments , and which had to revise earnings from 1992 through 1997 downward by $ 3.5 billion .
Discovering a new look and quickly incorporating it into a clothing line , even late into the season , ''is part of the reason for having a presence in New York , '' said Doug Howe , senior vice president for apparel at Wal-Mart 's New York office .
Morgan Stanley has addressed that issue by allowing brokers to negotiate prices with customers who want some combination of self-directed on-line trading and help from a broker .
printers that have a similar feature , the Kodaks ca n't also alert you when you 've inserted the paper upside-down .
For the first half , Interpublic had a net loss of $ 22.1 million , or 6 cents a share , on revenue of $ 2.82 billion , in contrast to net income of $ 168.8 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 2.81 billion .
Snapple announces new meal-replacement product that it hopes looks less like weight-loss aid and more like Snapple drink ; Snapple-a-Day , fortified juice smoothie that will be on store shelves in February , is beverage company 's entry into $ 1-billion-a-year meal-replacement business ; Coca-Cola is working on whey-based drink called BeginIt and PepsiCo is exploring area as well ; Snapple chief executive Jack Belsito says product will not be marketed as diet aid ; photo ( M )
Little-noticed provision in sweeping corporate tax bill that passed Congress last week will reduce taxes at military shipbuilding contractors General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman by nearly $ 500 million over next 10 years ; provision would allow shipbuilders to postpone their taxes for years on profits from building ships and submarines for Navy ; measure 's primary sponsor is Sen Olympia J Snowe of Maine , who said she was determined to protect Bath Iron Works , one of her state 's largest employers ; photo ( M )
The diversity panel was established to monitor Coca-Cola 's human resource practices after the company agreed almost two years ago to pay $ 188 million to settle a class-action lawsuit in which black employees at the company contended that they had been discriminated against .
Accounting rules leave some room for interpretation , and Coca-Cola has not been forced to consolidate accounting because it owns less than 50 percent of the bottling company .
''We will not touch the arch , '' said Philip M. Bottega , vice president for real estate services , referring to the colossal pink marble entryway over which the figure of Atlas shoulders the Tiffany clock .
and financed by research money from the Microsoft Corporation , will provide music from some 3,500 CD 's through a novel source : the university 's cable television network .
And if AT & T decides instead to proceed with a spinoff of the cable business , Microsoft has indicated that it would be willing to pay AT & T billions of dollars directly to increase its stake in the unit , according to people close to the negotiations .
Although eBay polices premium ticket sales to ensure that sellers follow state pricing laws , the site 's buyer-beware stance scared me off .
Sony Corp 's decision to ship only 500,000 PlayStation 2 units to US instead of 1 million because of computer chip production problems may work to Sony 's advantage , whetting buyers ' appetites ; Web chat rooms have suggested Sony 's sharply curtailed shipment plans are pure marketing , aimed at creating feverish demand , but Sony Computer Entertainment denies that ; revised shipping schedule raises questions about whether Sony can keep its promise to introduce device in Europe in November , and longer term , whether it can rev up production enough to keep customers from deciding to wait and see what alternatives Microsoft Corp and Nintendo have to offer next year ; photo ( M )
The goal of the project , with an estimated cost of less than $ 5 million , is to make it easier for Coca-Cola employees , from the headquarters in Atlanta to local offices in more than 200 countries , to gain access to advertising and marketing material going all the way back to the first newspaper ad that appeared for the Coca-Cola soft-drink brand on May 29 , 1886 .
Workers at Union Carbide Corp 's Danbury , Conn , headquarters expect Dow Chemical Co to sharply cutback or shut office when it takes over company ; Mayor Gene F Eriquez , noting Union Carbide 's gradual cutback , says city feels concern , not panic ; United Way plans services for dismissed workers ( M )
''Any potential third-party bidders will be loath to invest the time and resources necessary to pursue a superior bid while knowing full well that CVS retains control of the bidding , '' the pension fund 's lawsuit says .
''Microsoft seems to be suggesting you have to be a full-blown platform threat in order to be a technology that deserves protection , '' said Tom Greene , a lawyer for the states .
They must compete against Apple 's own retail outlets for sales and the gross profit margins are slim , less than 15 percent .
Separately , SBC Communications , the parent of Pacific Bell and other regional telephone companies , bought a 3 percent stake in Yahoo yesterday from Softbank America .
''What 's holding up Apple 's stock has been its cash , '' Mr. Wolf said .
Brazil says it is close to completing agreement with Abbott Laboratories that would almost halve price it pays for Kaletra , Abbott 's AIDS drug ( S )
Given the absence of a proven causal connection between the conduct found to be anticompetitive and Microsoft 's continued leading position in operating systems , the only appropriate remedy is an injunction against continuation of such conduct .
A few years ago , Amgen , now the world 's biggest biotechnology company , came out with Aranesp , a new anemia drug that can be given less frequently than Procrit , and began competing with its former partner .
Other shareholders doubted that Mr. Cantalupo would be able to return McDonald 's to performance results it achieved in its heyday .
''We 've gotten used to it , '' Netflix 's chief executive , Reed Hastings , said of the doomsday predictions .
One , called Direct Actions , enables a user to type in the name of a musical artist , song or album and then be linked immediately to Microsoft 's MSN Music store .
The Government 's case , in its broadest terms , is that Microsoft has used its market muscle to fashion a network of relationships designed to insure that the rise of the Internet did not weaken Microsoft 's dominance .
In granting a preliminary injunction sought by Sun , the judge forced Microsoft to confront what would be perhaps the most intrusive penalty yet to stem from court rulings that it broke federal antitrust laws .
AMERICAN EXPRESS IN WEB VENTURE
Morgan Stanley already operates Discover Brokerage Direct , an on-line discount broker .
As General Motors sells most of its 21 percent stake in the Japanese carmaker Suzuki Motor , providing a cash infusion after huge losses , analysts are wondering if the move will be enough to appease G.M .
ABC will present premiere of its show Gideon 's Crossing without commercial interruption ; Johnson & Johnson Co , sole sponsor of show , will have one-minute commercial at beginning of show and another at end ; photo ( M )
Delta agreed to pay American Express in advance for $ 500 million in SkyMiles , which are awarded by its frequent-flier program .
Microsoft 's chief executive , Steven A. Ballmer , flew to Portugal yesterday to announce that his company had found a customer for its interactive television service .
But he and William H. Gates , the chairman , repeatedly ruled out any breakup of Microsoft , emphasizing that its software strategy could succeed only with a unified company .
Aetna has said that it is searching for a new chief executive to run its health plan business , which it intends to spin off as a separate company .
On June 9 , Boeing announced a $ 3.5 billion sale of 22 787s to Aeroflot -- a genuine coup considering the recent souring of political relations between the United States and Russia .
Mr. Mehdi said he did not know what the financial impact would be for Microsoft in switching from Yahoo 's ad sales system to its own .
The nine states challenging the settlement argue that Microsoft should be required to produce a ''modular '' version of Windows that would enable computer makers to substitute programs produced by rival developers .
Digital does produce a microprocessor for high-powered computers , but the commission has not argued that Intel 's behavior stymied Digital 's capacity to sell its chip .
How Will Apple 's Marketing Maestro Marry the Computer and the Home TV ?
20 public or private buildings have been built or renovated on or near Lake Champlain waterfront in Burlington , Vt , for total public-private investment that exceeds $ 128 million ; waterfront was once wasteland of abandoned junk and railroad yards , old oil tanks and closed utility buildings ; area projects include 127-room Marriott hotel and 32 adjacent condominiums ; photo ( M )
Why did Time Warner give Mr. Murdoch what he wanted , when Time Warner was defeating him at every legal juncture ?
In raising the warning flag Wednesday , Intel couched its objections in technical terms .
Delta 's announcement came only three months after U S Airways said that it planned to replace the 12 727 's that ferry its shuttle passengers with new jets made by Airbus Industrie , Boeing 's European rival .
Indeed , the market for such drinks is so enticing that Coca-Cola and Pepsico -- the twin titans of the beverage industry -- have entered the fray by creating their own supercharged brands , which are now hitting the national market .
At Hartsfield International Airport in Atlanta , the Ford Motor Company 's Hertz unit is testing real-time departure monitors -- just like the ones in terminals -- in two of its shuttle buses .
Boeing Official Defends Reports Discounting Peril After Liftoff
But Johnson & Johnson is acquiring only one of two antibiotics Peninsula is developing .
In the ruling , Judge Edwin L. Nelson of the United States District Court wrote that Intel was a monopolist in the microprocessor market and that it had engaged in practices aimed at extending that monopoly to other businesses .
The results included a onetime gain of $ 148 million , or 6 cents a share , from the sale of Coca-Cola 's ownership stakes in American and international bottling operations .
''Merck would be wise to make sure it has more friends than disgruntled patients , '' Mr. Passikoff said .
Microsoft 's legal team says the Boies approach is more show than substance , leaving most of the direct testimony of Microsoft 's witnesses unchallenged and trying instead to make them look bad on the stand .
The privacy policy of Yahoo states that the company sometimes uses Web bugs , but does not say explicitly that it places them on personal pages of its users .
Analysts said Fresenius probably used the looming threat from Roche to extract a bigger discount from Amgen in return for making it the sole supplier .
Gross also complained that General Electric was not forthright with investors .
As Ms. Rich searched for the right candidates to present to Yahoo , Ms. Decker was always hands-on , helping her understand not only the qualities needed in a person but also working through detailed analyses of companies to find which ones were facing challenges similar to Yahoo 's -- and hence might have candidates with suitable skills .
Orbitz will sell anyone 's seats -- with the exception of Southwest Airlines , which does not allow other Web sites to sell its tickets -- for a standard booking fee of about $ 3.50 .
Analysts differed on how significant a victory this was for Amgen because the trial will proceed , with Aventis and Transkaryotic , known as TKT , having a chance to prove that Amgen 's patents are invalid .
Some analysts have also called for a breakup of the company along lines planned at AT & T .
Yesterday Coca-Cola 's shares fell $ 1.0625 , or 1.6 percent , to close at $ 66.0625 , the lowest since Oct. 14 .
I want to see Kodak invest its money in cameras , dedicated photo printers , kiosks and paper technology .
But under them , Home Depot embraced a culture of restraint when it came to pay , said Paul D. Lapides , a corporate governance expert at Kennesaw State University in Georgia .
John McKeegan , a spokesman for Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick , N.J. , confirmed a report of the assignment that appeared in Adweek this week .
There are existing relationships between Microsoft and The Washington Post Company .
Bank of America and FleetBoston , which managed a total of $ 194 billion in mutual fund assets at the end of 2003 , said they would cut their fees by $ 160 million over the next five years , an action Mr. Spitzer has insisted on in his fund settlements .
Mr. Herst said , ''The fundamental vision of Microsoft Passport is consumer control . ''
Although the Starbucks sandwiches are unmistakable McMuffin clones , re-engineered for the Starbucks demographic , ''thoughtfulness '' put Cheddar and fontina instead of American cheese on top of the egg .
CBS has a fistful of these back-to-back shows already , like ''NCIS '' and ''Without a Trace . ''
''The only precedent that has been set is that a remedy that removes features from Windows will not cause irreparable harm to Microsoft , '' said Bradford L. Smith , Microsoft 's general counsel .
ElcomSoft said the program , which was sold for $ 99 , lets legitimate consumers of e-books stretch the limits imposed by Adobe 's software , which often prohibits them from making a copy of a book to read on an additional computer or to use as a backup in case it is erased .
And since the effort began in June , the participating record companies , including the industry giants Universal and BMG , have begun pursuing technologies other than the I.B.M .
Available at participating Macy 's stores nationwide .
For years , Oracle , the leader in corporate database software and programs that help manage a company 's stores of information , had been struggling to gain a larger footprint in a related field : the multibillion-dollar world of back-office software to let companies control their finances , inventory , procurement and the like .
Motorola 's sales jumped 26 percent in the quarter , to $ 9.42 billion , compared with $ 7.5 billion in the comparable period last year .
The wireless features for iBook were the most striking technological innovation that Apple announced at the Macworld trade show in New York yesterday , analysts said .
''Coca-Cola misled investors by failing to disclose end-of-period practices that impacted the company 's likely future operating results , '' said Richard Wessel , district administrator in the S.E.C .
David Simpson , senior partner and managing director of Thompson New York , who is also the agency 's worldwide Nike account director , confirmed a report of the assignment this week in Advertising Age .
Yahoo said it had not yet seen the suit , filed in the Federal District Court for the Northern District of California , and could not comment on the allegations .
The decision follows a report in December by Fortune magazine that Dr. Topol , a leading critic of the painkiller Vioxx , was a paid consultant to a hedge fund that had made money betting that shares of Merck , Vioxx 's maker , would fall .
A new Boeing 737 , the single-aisle , medium-size airliner that 's a domestic workhorse for most carriers , costs about $ 50 million .
Yet even in that dismal climate , Kohl 's , which has turned itself into an apparel powerhouse by selling midrange designer clothes and footwear , saw November sales in stores open a year rise 26 percent in November .
The appeals judges also defined a standard for weighing competitive harm against consumer benefits in deciding whether a product-bundling decision of a monopolist , like Microsoft , should be permitted .
At Wal-Mart , ''we do n't care for it at all , '' Mr. Williams said .
For example , the experimental A.T. & T. system has learned to ignore the extra horizontal stroke in a European-style 7 .
Mr. Turner said that the new executive team would be filled with ''strong personalities , '' meaning there was ''potential for some friction , '' though he said he did not expect clashes to slow the new AOL Time Warner .
Carnival 's Holland America had to cancel several sailings of its Rotterdam VI last fall when the ship was delivered six weeks late , while the 2,600-passenger Grand Princess , owned by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company , had to delay its maiden voyage 12 days this May .
William Clay Ford Jr. , Ford Motor 's chairman , arrived at the factory less than two hours after the explosion , as firefighters were still trying to put out the blaze , and said the loss of life and injuries made today ''the worst day of my life . ''
Executives of Fox , a unit of the News Corporation , dismiss any such worries .
After losing that high-margin relationship , Amazon spent heavily to enhance its selection and its business partnerships with toy companies and other retailers .
These executive say managers at Verizon Wireless are allowed to speak out against unionization because the contract reached three years ago , even though it is called a neutrality agreement , allows either side to give its views on the subject .
The Microsoft acquisition , analysts said , also played some role in the decline of Symantec shares , which fell $ 2.25 , to $ 25.13 .
General Electric is testing a palm-size security device with a built-in microprocessor and radio .
guidelines are ABC , CBS , NBC , the Fox network , Time Warner Inc. , which includes CNN , the Tribune Company and Clear Channel Communications Inc. , the owner of 183 radio stations and 18 television stations .
A week ago , Microsoft first called attention to the vulnerability in a part of the operating system that controls plug-and-play functions and put out a security patch .
''I knew Ali was working for I.B.M. , but did n't know about Gillette , '' said Uli Becker , the head of global brand communications in Amsterdam for Adidas , a division of Adidas-Salomon .
For Boeing and Airbus , currying favor with the Russians is important as both companies vie for big orders for wide-bodied jets from Aeroflot .
Although Allied was by far the larger partner , the merged company kept the Honeywell name and named Mr. Bonsignore , Honeywell 's chief , as its chief executive .
In 1997 , he was a co-founder of L-3 Communications -- one of the L 's stands for his name -- which was cobbled together from several languishing units of the Lockheed Martin Corporation .
The antitrust settlement in the United States did not require Microsoft to distribute the browser or the media player separately .
General Motors is making 10-year commitment to underwrite future film projects of Ken Burns ; photo ( M )
Consumer response to newspaper-insert coupons is less than 2 percent , according to the trade publication Brandweek .
''But if we had licensed our technology to Microsoft and stepped aside , the best we could have hoped for was becoming a company with sales of $ 100 million or so and hoping to be bought out by Microsoft , '' said Mr. Clark , a former computer scientist at Stanford University who founded Silicon Graphics Inc. , a computer graphics pioneer , before starting Netscape .
Last year , Microsoft was ordered to introduce a version of Windows that excluded Media Player , the company 's music and video-playing program .
I.B.M .
Starting in May , it will fly business professors from Babson College in Wellesley , Mass. , once a month to five Intel locations in Western states to teach courses to more than 30 employees .
Lippincott & Margulies , corporate identity consulting company owned by Marsh & McLennan , hires three executives from sibling Mercer Management Consulting and changes its name to Lippincott Mercer ; executives shifting to Lippincott Mercer are Eric Almquist and Andrew Pierce , who become senior partners and Michael D'Esopo , who becomes partner ( S )
In that investigation , the Government and states have been examining Microsoft 's dealings with several companies including Intel , Apple Computer and Real Networks .
Microsoft has promised , for example , that Vista will let users store documents as PDF files , a move that could eventually put at risk Adobe 's $ 650 million in revenue from PDF-creation software .
Even Amazon , which is widely considered the gold standard of online retailing , probably turned away thousands of shoppers the week after Thanksgiving and early last week .
''It is still a long way to go , '' warned Richard Matzke , president of Chevron Overseas Petroleum Inc. , a unit of the Chevron Corporation .
Audible .com , a Silicon Alley company that develops and uses technology to place audio books , newspapers and lectures on the Internet , said in a call with investors on Friday that it had received an additional $ 10 million investment from Microsoft .
The primary relationship was with Bank of America .
Citigroup also pledged to increase employee training on Japanese banking laws and regulations and to set up an independent committee to monitor the bank 's progress in improving its operations .
It was the result from the colon polyp trial that led Merck to withdraw Vioxx .
There is no discount for buying the products together , nor are I.B.M .
In being colorful , the new notebook echoes Apple 's popular iMac desktop model , introduced last August , which comes in five colors .
Ending several months of speculation in the video game industry , Electronic Arts said it planned to make titles available for the forthcoming Microsoft game console , the xBox .
Communications equipment companies , which have been pummeled since the fall , also moved higher , with Cisco Systems rising $ 1.25 , to $ 14.93 , and Lucent Technologies gaining $ 1.19 , to $ 7.94 .
Earlier this year , when Lehman Brothers , Morgan Stanley and UBS PaineWebber announced their new managing directors , more than 90 percent were men .
Mr. Spano , who is leading the race by 10 percentage points according to a poll by Manhattanville College , defended the trip as legitimate , saying he was one of four people in the country invited by I.B.M .
Although few Wall Street naysayers emerged on the deal , positive reaction could not save Kodak 's stock from sliding in reaction to jitters about shaky economies in Asia .
''It was a rebound from the depths of despair of last spring , '' said Timothy M. Ghriskey , a senior portfolio manager for the Dreyfus Corporation , which has several funds with stakes in Procter & Gamble .
Apple Computer yesterday gave a brief demonstration of iChat , an instant messenger program that is intended to be compatible with America Online 's AOL Instant Messenger Service .
Stefano Caroti , who took over last year as Nike 's general manager for Central Europe , accuses Adidas of building its recent success by using Nike 's winning formulas .
Roles played by computer industry pioneers Gordon E Moore and Douglas C Engelbart noted in light of 40th anniversary of publication of Moore 's celebrated article predicting number of transistors that could be placed on silicon chip would continue to double at regular intervals for forseeable future ; Engelbart had made similar observation even earlier ; Moore , Intel co-founder , and Engelbart , leading developer of many technologies that underlie both personal computer industry and Internet , represent twin Silicon Valley cultures that have combined to create digital economy ; photos ( M )
But Internet search experts and industry analysts said that Microsoft still had far to go to be viewed as a serious competitor to either Google or Yahoo .
''In these troubled times we feel very good about the results we were able to deliver , '' Sanford I. Weill , Citigroup 's chief executive , said in a meeting with analysts yesterday .
Is Wal-Mart afraid no one will buy them if they know what they 're getting ( or not getting ) ?
Citigroup Inc chairman-chief executive Sanford I Weill , in letter to employees , says he regrets pain they felt over criticism of bank 's involvement with Enron Corp and WorldCom Inc ; says Citigroup 's work for Enron was legal and complied with accounting standards and industry practices on Wall Street ; says company has bought nearly $ 2 billion worth of its shares this month ; adds slide in Citigroup 's stock is 'completely disconnected ' from company 's financial condition ; Senate staff members call on Merrill Lynch & Co to produce employees who can explain Merrill 's dealings with Enron on July 30 ; Senate Subcommittee on Investigations sends letter to Weill and J P Morgan Chase chief executive William B Harrison Jr asking more questions about transactions with Enron ( M )
All sanctions against Microsoft -- including an order to split the company in two -- have been stayed pending appeals , which could take a year or more .
Mr. Pepper , who will continue as Procter & Gamble 's chairman until September 1999 , said the reorganization was essential to make the company more efficient and competitive worldwide , both in terms of developing new products and getting them into stores and people 's homes .
In 1998 , Whirlpool installed a Valet in the laundry room for Marianne Venute , a teacher who lives in Downers Grove , Ill. , a Chicago suburb .
Cisco had hired another company to own and manage some of its properties , allowing Cisco to deduct interest payments and depreciation from its taxes but keeping the property and debt off its balance sheet .
Amgen , for instance , gave different potential arthritis drugs to human volunteers and then used a blood test to gauge the best one to take forward into clinical trials .
His delegation had attended the LinuxWorld conference in San Francisco , and met with I.B.M .
Another lawsuit between the companies , over Intel 's Itanium chips , is scheduled for trial in Marshall , Tex. , on July 1 .
''I.B.M .
Microsoft to Start Net Hotel-Pricing Service
The panel had ruled that Mr. Sloves was entitled to at least $ 1.25 million under a consulting agreement with Interpublic , but agreed with Interpublic that a $ 300,000 bonus could be withheld .
Indeed , Kodak still has its share of loyalists .
Verizon has been trying to keep customers by offering broadband connections for as low as $ 14.95 .
In the most striking example so far of the Europeans ' newfound power over businesses based in the United States , General Electric 's planned $ 45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International may be scuttled by European regulators in spite of approval for the deal in Washington .
It is in the clear financially at least until 2004 , when its bank lines expire and a $ 2 billion issue of convertible preferred stock will have to be bought back unless Corning 's share price has rallied sharply by then .
Sales of Viagra , Pfizer 's heavily marketed drug for impotence , were flat in the second quarter .
Intel , Motorola and Texas Instruments , three of the world 's largest chip makers , all reported earnings yesterday that met or slightly exceeded Wall Street 's expectations .
Marriott cut its headquarters staff by nearly 1,000 employees in 1990 and was close to bankruptcy for much of the early 1990 's .
The Coca-Cola work is likely to go to McCann-Erickson .
But yesterday , Ivan Seidenberg , Verizon 's chairman , sent a pointed six-page letter to Nicholas Katzenbach , the chairman of MCI 's board , and Michael Capellas , MCI 's chief executive , arguing his case .
Morgan Stanley Names Chief Legal Officer
The AOL stock that Time Warner shareholders would receive was worth $ 110.62 for each Time Warner share when the deal was announced -- 70 percent more than the $ 64.75 at which Time Warner 's stock was trading at the time .
Airbus Industrie , the European consortium that sold its first jet in 1974 , has grown to be a formidable competitor behind Boeing .
''What is more difficult to understand why CBS would feel that Couric of all people is the one who is uniquely qualified to do that job . ''
MORE than a decade ago , Wal-Mart set its sights on conquering the globe with a mix of cheaply produced goods , discount prices and aggressive store growth .
But just as the authority turned to another prospective buyer yesterday morning , Vornado executives frantically resumed talks with the authority , according to two executives who had been briefed on the negotiations .
At the rally , held at 42nd Street and Avenue of the Americas , some demonstrators gave out leaflets saying , ''Verizon has been running a hostile , expensive anti-union campaign , intimidating workers who want a voice on the job . ''
''Xerox has a tremendous customer base , and those customers will give them time to get their act together before they switch to competitors , '' said Hadley Reynolds , director of research for the Delphi Group , a document processing industry consulting firm in Boston .
Nike , Long Wary of E-Marketers , Links With Web Retailer
As for the Express Scripts suit , he said it was a ''frivolous '' attempt to interfere with the CVS merger .
In Manhattan , Nynex charges A.T. & T. $ 9.4 million a year for a local-network connection that costs Nynex only $ 700,000 to provide .
And a top media executive , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said he thought that Comcast was late in making a bid for Disney .
In addition to those companies , the article named AT & T as having provided its calling data to the security agency .
Mr. Clark , the company spokesman , said that Medtronic was aware of the report but stood by its position that the battery problem had not caused any patient harm .
''It 's the dream that refuses to die within Microsoft despite the billions invested , '' said Richard Doherty , president of Envisioneering , a technology research company .
Mr. Devine said the deal included a provision for Prudential to sell its remaining 38 percent of the business to Wachovia in two years .
That is almost certain to make Tuesday 's event , to be held at a theater across the street from the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , one of Apple 's most closely watched product introductions .
After all , it 's going to be News Corporation money and I 'd be grossly negligent if I did n't take a close interest . ''
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; The Lehman analyst who viewed Amazon.com through a no-nonsense microscope moves on .
But if you ca n't wait , you can have the Pioneer drive built into a new Apple or Compaq computer .
chairman , challenged the chairman of AOL , Stephen M. Case , and the chief executive of Time Warner , Gerald M. Levin , to provide details about when the cable systems would begin carrying the services of other Internet providers .
But within hours of announcing that deal , Pfizer , the maker of Viagra and other drugs , began its own $ 80 billion hostile bid , an uncharacteristic move that rocked the usually genteel pharmaceutical industry and was rebuffed by Warner-Lambert .
Yahoo Inc. , the search engine turned Internet advertising hub , posted quarterly sales and profit figures today that exceeded the projections of Wall Street analysts .
In a conference call yesterday , Mr. Gates played down Microsoft 's expansion into the media business .
But the Apple-based supercomputer , which is powered by 2,200 I.B.M .
With Harry 's Levitating Challenge , Mattel designed a game in which children must maneuver a foam ball through obstacles while it is suspended by jets of air .
Judges at BountyQuest determined that Captain Picard 's ordering ''tea , Earl Grey , hot '' from his replicator and that Doonesbury 's having Boopsie shop via virtual reality would not hold up in a Patent and Trademark Office review of Amazon 's one-click patent .
ChevronTexaco Picks WPP Units
This Microjargon , which includes word usages unique to Microsoft as well as usages from elsewhere in the high-tech and low-tech worlds , has been documented in an informal lexicon written by current and former workers at the company , based in Redmond , Wash .
To take the browser out of Windows , Microsoft says , would ''break '' Windows .
I.B.M .
That 's because the ''big city to big city '' routes envisioned for the A380 will require large networks of connecting flights , Boeing says .
The Interpublic Group of Companies , the advertising agency company , said last night that it had renegotiated loan agreements with its lenders , providing some breathing room as it tries to pay down debt estimated at $ 2.9 billion .
The A.T. & T. system , called the System 85 Private Branch Exchange , or PBX , was installed in 1988 so that Mitsubishi employees could make calls on the company 's lines no matter where they were by using a six-digit personal password .
One of the Sun Trust directors has a significant personal investment in Coca-Cola Enterprises .
Chevron , he said , planned to spend more than $ 300 million this year to improve production , adding that the money would come from cash generated from the Tengiz fields .
Under the agreement , Cisco will supply equipment while the two companies jointly develop advanced communications services based on Internet technology .
Tava will be available to consumers this fall ; PepsiCo officials say they have not determined the price .
The vulnerability , which is known as a buffer overrun flaw , could permit an attacker to gain control of a Web server by sending data to a computer running certain versions of the Microsoft operating system .
Apple Posts Loss on Weaker-Than-Expected Revenue
And Mr. Sherlund said he took Mr. Gates 's explanation at face value -- that Mr. Gates intends to be fully committed to Microsoft , though in a different role .
Timothy D. Cook , the executive vice president for worldwide sales and operations , called the demand for the iPod Nano ''staggering , '' and said Apple sold more than a million units in the 17 days of the fourth quarter that it was available .
In the end , part of Apple 's decision undoubtedly came down to the simple fact that Mr. Jobs 's most valuable asset is his marketing skill , and marketing is the area where Apple has lost the most ground .
Amazon.com , the Internet bookstore that grew into an Internet superstore , opened its online computer storefront yesterday at www .amazon.com/computers .
The biotechnology giant Amgen has agreed to acquire Abgenix for $ 2.2 billion in cash , giving it full ownership of a promising cancer drug the companies have been developing together .
United Healthcare is one of dozens of companies across the country that plan to submit bids next week for endorsement and marketing assistance from the A.A.R.P. , as the industry girds for a surge in Medicare H.M.O .
Boeing currently loses about 5 percent of its employees each year due to attrition , he added .
Interval Research Corp , Silicon Valley research laboratory founded seven years ago to leapfrog generations of computer technologies , is taking narrower direction that reflects changing interests of Microsoft Corp co-founder Paul Allen who financed it ; David E Liddle , who founded Interval Research has stepped down as director ; Liddle 's relationship with Allen grew strained in past year as Allen increasingly pushed Interval to focus its research on his business strategy in cable industry ; Interval 's original vision was to emulate pioneering tradition of Xerox 's legendary Palo Alto Research Center , known as PARC , hotbed of computer innovation in 1970 's ; Liddle will remain chairman of Interval ; his former executive management duties will be shared by Arati Prabhakar and Douglas Solomon ; Liddle comments ( M )
But an Oracle spokesman said the company had stipulated to the detectives that nothing illegal was to be done in the operation .
But even though Citigroup 's exposure to Enron is far smaller than J. P. Morgan 's , it has been , until yesterday , far less forthcoming than J. P. Morgan about describing what it is owed by Enron .
Mr. Zander will not be hard-pressed to find advice from executives who weathered campaigns from Mr. Icahn : The Motorola chief was named to the board of Time Warner last week .
Paul Ballew , the general director of global market and industry analysis at General Motors , said today , ''There are clear signs of moderation . ''
Oracle Corp posts fiscal first-quarter results that surpass Wall Street estimates ; also announces 2-for-1 stock split , 10th since Oracle 's initial public offering in March 1986 ; for quarter ended Aug 31 , Oracle reports earnings of $ 501 million , more than double $ 237 million posted a year earlier ; revenue grew 14 percent , to $ 2.26 billion ; sales of applications software increased 42 percent , to $ 156 million , while database software sales grew 32 percent , to $ 585 million ( M )
United Airlines and Verizon Airfone ( originally GTE Airfone ) , which has offered on-board phone service since 1987 , won approval from the Federal Aviation Administration last year to install Wi-Fi networks on planes that fly domestically .
Regulators and the company agreed that the settlement did not find any wrongdoing by Microsoft , which the commission had accused of monopolistic behavior and of artificially inflating the price of Windows software .
Privacy advocates who object to the Intel Corporation 's plan to put identification numbers in its next generation of computer chips went to the Federal Trade Commission today to seek a recall of the Pentium III 's .
European Union competition commissioner Mario Monti says Coca-Cola Co has reached agreement that will change way it does business in Europe ; Coke agrees to stop forcing retailers to sign exclusivity deals that have kept rivals out of many shops and bars ; retailers will no longer have to stock full range of Coke drinks to qualify for rebate from company ; stores will be able to use up to fifth of space inside Coke-branded refrigerators to stock rival drinks ; Coca-Cola chairman E Neville Isdell comments ; photo ( M )
MSN will introduce a co-branded Internet access service named 'NSync @ MSN that will offer subscribers features like an electronic newsletter , photos and video footage , as well as 'N Sync versions of the MSN Messenger instant messaging service and Microsoft Windows Media Player .
But Microsoft 's Passport initiative , Mr. Scott observed , ''probably accelerated our thinking about these things by a year or two . ''
There are now more than twice as many iPod accessories as there were just last summer , according to Apple .
The mouse was invented in the 1960 's by Douglas C. Engelbart and William K. English at the Stanford Research Institute ; the Xerox center built on that work .
Despite all those changes , Kodak had just over 90,000 employees at the end of last year , according to Paul Allen , a Kodak spokesman .
Pfizer did not disclose the size of its severance package to Mr. Rost but said it had offered him a package in line with other employees of Pharmacia forced out after the merger .
The award was among the highest ever given to an individual plaintiff , although Texas law will automatically reduce it to about $ 26 million and Merck has said it will appeal .
Coca-Cola spent $ 32 million last year to advertise Powerade , according to CMR , which tracks ad spending .
In early December , the News Corporation 's chief financial officer , David F. DeVoe , and a senior adviser , Arthur Siskind , went to Denver with Mr. Malone , who is Liberty 's chairman , and its president , Robert R. Bennett , to discuss a possible asset swap .
Many of the cable deals , in retrospect , were poor value for Microsoft strategically .
A spreadsheet 's worth of other prices are available , depending on how many of the Adobe Creative Suite programs -- Illustrator , InDesign , GoLive , Acrobat , Photoshop -- you already own , and how many you want to upgrade .
Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke 's leading bottler , said yesterday that it had no immediate plans to follow Coke 's lead .
Microsoft was not aware of the Xerox research , Mr. Brass said .
Some analysts , like Scott Cleland of the Precursor Group , argue that a company like Verizon Wireless , which already has 30 million customers , is big enough already .
Urban consumers are turning China into one of world 's fastest growing markets for disposable diapers ; split pants for infants are still norm in rural China and are fairly easy to spot in cities , but diaper is fast becoming litmus test of cultural and social change , separating haves from have-nots , city from countryside ; Kimberly-Clark , producers of Huggies , estimates sales in entire China market growing by 20 to 40 percent each year ; Procter & Gamble , which introduced pampers in China in 1998 , reports that sales are growing by more than 50 percent ; photos ( M )
''Microsoft has complied fully with the technical documentation requirements , '' the company said Wednesday .
Intel also faces competition from Advanced Micro Devices , which also makes microprocessors based on Intel 's traditional 32-bit design .
An AT & T Spinoff Names Executives
Intel Corp will sell most of division that makes software to manage computer networks to LANDesk Acquisition Corp ; Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse First Boston reduce their financial targets for Intel ; graph ( S )
Microsoft 's Passport Sign-On System Will Work on Rival Sites
These analysts , Dana Telsey of Bear , Stearns , Guy Moszkowski of Salomon Smith Barney , Laura C. Conigliaro of Goldman , Sachs , Richard Bilotti of Morgan Stanley and Richard Bernstein of Merrill Lynch , do not expect the companies to approach their past highs -- by most accounts , 2003 will be a difficult year for the markets as a whole .
The practice evidently did not extend to the other firms that settled the allegations , including some that are Morgan Stanley 's most prominent competitors .
I.B.M. , with the $ 700 network computer , and Oracle both hope to build new businesses around consumer devices .
Microsoft Adding to Java and to Sun Rift
Ford Motor Company made its 2002 Explorer model with frame rails that are the height of a Taurus 's underbody , and 2.6 inches lower than the frame rails of earlier-model Explorers .
August has brought the start of judicial inspections by Ecuadorean authorities of sites that residents contend were polluted by a subsidiary of what is now ChevronTexaco .
''To some extent , Oracle and PeopleSoft are fighting this battle on the backs of their customers , '' said Léo Apotheker , SAP 's president for global field operations , who is spearheading the effort .
Mr. Vos said Neil Aspinall , managing director of Apple Corps , had rejected an offer from Mr. Jobs in 2003 proposing to buy the rights to the Apple Records name for $ 1 million .
I.B.M .
To avert a clash with European regulators over data privacy , Microsoft has agreed to make ''radical '' changes in the workings of .Net Passport , its online authentication system , regulators said today .
Fidelity and I.B.M .
But instead of denying A.T. & T. 's request for a waiver on the merits of the case , Judge Greene rejected the request on the basis of an insufficient record and dismissed its plea `` without prejudice . ''
''This area is of interest to Microsoft because we believe in the university system and education .
But several Internet analysts and investors said Yahoo 's fast growth and huge market valuation will enable Yahoo to remain independent if it chooses .
''The tragic and senseless events of Sept. 11 exacerbated an already weakening advertising environment , not only in the U.S. , but in the U.K. and Australia as well , '' Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of the News Corporation , said in a statement .
The commission ordered Microsoft to offer personal computer makers and consumers in Europe a stripped-down Windows with Microsoft 's media player removed .
Pfizer officials said that sales of Lipitor , a cholesterol-lowering drug , were up 40 percent in the second quarter .
Last Wednesday , W. Mark Lanier preached to a jury in Angleton , Tex. , telling seven men and five women to remember the story of David and Goliath and smite the drug maker Merck with a verdict that would be heard around the world .
But the biggest negative impact on Verizon 's growth prospects next year will be the NorthPoint deal and Verizon 's agreement announced Monday to acquire the OnePoint Communications Corporation , a small private company , for an undisclosed amount .
The District of Columbia is also supporting tougher remedies against Microsoft .
Wal-Mart submitted an application in 2005 with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for an industrial bank in Utah that it said would be used to process its own credit and debit card transactions for its 3,500 United States stores .
SBC bought AT & T , and Verizon sought MCI , because the two long-distance carriers are the dominant providers of phone and data services to big corporations , a market where cable providers are nearly invisible .
But even they acknowledge that Mr. Jager , a tough-minded executive , underestimated just how much Procter 's investors would punish his move to turn one of the world 's largest consumer products companies into a pharmaceutical concern .
Morgan Stanley , a big buyer of nonperforming loans , said it had ''no dispute with the Tokyo tax authorities . ''
Off line , Visa has a 51 percent share , compared with 25 percent for Mastercard and 17 percent for American Express .
Rivalry between Pepsico Inc and Coca-Cola Co flares again , as beverage industry archenemies release their quarterly earnings results on same day for first time in more than 20 years ; Coca-Cola says its third-quarter income rose nearly 21 percent , to $ 967 million from $ 802 million in period a year earlier ; Pepsico says net income declined nearly 77 percent , to $ 144 million from $ 617 million in period a year earlier ; Coca-Cola 's operating income decreased 54 percent , to $ 454 million from $ 986 million ; tables ( L )
He testified that a Microsoft executive had told him that Compaq paid less ''because Compaq does n't compete with us . ''
Microsoft and Real Networks ( run by a former Microsoft executive ) have been in a long-running competition in digital-audio delivery .
And in an interview at the offices of The New York Times on Thursday , only days after speaking at Harvard Business School , Stanley P. Gold , a former Disney board member who has been calling for Mr. Eis-ner 's ouster , said that given a choice between a merger with Comcast or a company with Mr. Eisner at the helm , he would choose the merger .
And in the United States , Fuji consistently underprices Kodak , hurting its domestic film market .
employee broke any laws , paying the subcontractor $ 21 million for work it never completed was a violation of I.B.M .
Lowe Forever , Copenhagen , part of the Lowe & Partners Worldwide division of the Interpublic Group of Companies , has become the Copenhagen office of Draft , Interpublic 's direct marketing agency , which works with Lowe in an alliance the agencies formed in March 2003 .
Ford Motor sales fell 14.3 percent last month , while sales at DaimlerChrysler , including Mercedes-Benz , dropped 7.7 percent .
Since they hired Mr. Bach last February , she added , it was ''somewhat disingenuous '' for the states to say they thought of calling him as a witness only after they heard the evidence presented by Microsoft .
Federal District Judge Ronald H. Whyte issued a temporary restraining order that gave Microsoft 90 days to make its Java software compatible with the version created by its archrival , Sun Microsystems , which owns the programming language , or remove it from its Windows software .
Motorola Inc report its second straight quarter of profitability in fourth quarter and tops Wall Street 's expectations for profit and revenue ; net earnings were $ 174 million compared with loss of $ 1.2 billion year earlier ; overall revenue rose 3.2 percent in quarter , to $ 7.54 billion , from $ 7.31 billion year ago ; chairman-chief executive Christopher B Galvin comments ( M )
Kodak has to outsource more of its manufacturing .
In the Netherlands the company is appealing a recent patent decision in Boston Scientific 's favor that threatens to halt production of Johnson & Johnson 's drug-coated stents in a factory serving much of northern Europe .
Xerox Misses Estimates ; Pricing Pressure Is Blamed
Microsoft has asked Judge Kollar-Kotelly to throw out a request for tougher penalties , a move considered unlikely because she has issued a series of orders outlining the procedure to consider the states ' claims .
Con Edison made its commission filing on the rebates the next day .
Analysts have estimated that Boston Scientific could be liable for $ 1 billion to $ 3 billion in royalties , damages and penalties if it can not overturn Johnson & Johnson 's recent Delaware victory .
Last October , as an uproar over the move by I.B.M .
NTL , struggling to integrate a merger , improve its image and seal a deal with Virgin Mobile , named Stephen Burch , president of Comcast 's Atlantic division , to the positions , effective Jan. 16 .
This finding by Wasserstein is not legally binding on AT & T and does not end its pursuit of Lin .
Assuming Qwest 's share price does not fall by more than 10 percent , Qwest would pay MCI shareholders $ 24.60 a share , compared with an offer by Verizon of $ 20.75 a share .
On May 31 , Alan S. MacDonald , the head of Citigroup 's global relationship bank , told Mr. Carpenter in an e-mail message that he and another banker , Bill Fox , ''if anything , feel more strongly that suitability issues and related risks when coupled with the returns '' made the deal unattractive .
And Boston Scientific need look no further than the rival Cordis division for an object lesson in the hazards of not satisfying the regulators .
Even Aeroflot decided to buy Boeing 737 's and leases Airbus A310 's and two wide-body Boeing 777 's .
ReturnBuy earns its cash by accepting returned or unwanted merchandise from companies , inspecting and sometimes repairing it , and putting it up for auction , mostly on eBay .
Intel cut the price of its 400-megahertz Pentium II processor from $ 824 to $ 722 , or about 12 percent ; the 350-megahertz from $ 621 to $ 519 , or 16 percent ; the 333-megahertz from $ 492 to $ 412 , or 16 percent ; the 300-megahertz from $ 375 to $ 305 , or 19 percent ; the 266-megahertz from $ 246 to $ 198 , or 20 percent , and the 233-megahertz from $ 198 to $ 161 , or 19 percent .
He said Microsoft employees had been readily available to explain the finer points of the technology or give advice , something that would have been unheard of in previous years .
While Microsoft 's profits rose 23 percent compared with the 1999 quarter , to $ 2.4 billion , or 43 cents a share , much of that increase came from unexpectedly large gains in Microsoft 's investments in other companies .
For months now , the rivals of A.T. & T. in the long-distance telephone industry have told anyone who would listen that May 1 will be nothing less than Independence Day -- the day they liberate one of the last protected fortresses of the old Bell System .
Alcoa rose 35 cents , to $ 36.28 , and International Paper gained $ 1.10 , to $ 37.36 .
In this airy expanse , from the extra-large fresh fish counter to a wall of discounted soft drinks , the name Wal-Mart is nowhere to be found , part of a stealth campaign as the world 's largest retailer enters the world 's second-largest retail market .
While Intel remains the far larger chip supplier , Advanced Micro has picked up about five percentage points of market share in the last year , according to Mercury Research , a technology research company .
And several of the judges appeared sympathetic with Microsoft 's assertion that it integrated the browser with the operating system because there was little or no real market for computers without browsers .
Oracle said late last week that some of its customers were , in fact , out of compliance and that , technically , it could charge them more .
The union representing 46,000 Canadian auto workers today chose General Motors as its target -- the company that it will negotiate a new labor contract with first , to set a pattern for contracts with the others .
The use of germanium , which is relatively easy for chip makers to work with and is well suited to the electronics of high-frequency radio communications , enabled I.B.M .
In a show of strength intended to rally Internet software developers around its Java programming language , the Javasoft division of Sun Microsystems Inc. said yesterday that more than 100 companies -- with the conspicuous exception of the Microsoft Corporation -- were agreeing to more closely adhere to the rules set by Sun on Java network applications .
Prince , Citigroup 's chief executive , said in a statement .
And Pfizer does have some supporters among analysts , who argue that Lipitor can grow enough to make up for the patent expirations and that Exubera , along with Lyrica and late-stage cancer drugs , may be surprisingly successful .
Coca-Cola Is Said to Buy Vitaminwater
And Boeing apparently gambled that by the time Korean Air begins taking delivery of the planes in the year 2000 , Asia 's economic crisis will be over .
Deutsch is a Pfizer agency , handling drugs like Zoloft and Zyrtec .
Mr. Rubin , who resigned as Treasury secretary in July 1999 and several months later became chairman of Citigroup 's executive committee , called Peter R. Fisher , the under secretary of the Treasury , on Nov. 8 , 2001 , after learning that Enron was close to losing its investment-grade rating .
Responding to a patent infringement lawsuit filed last week by Intel , Broadcom issued a statement saying the suit was specious litigation aimed at discouraging Intel employees from seeking jobs at Broadcom .
CSX stock is roughly where it was two years ago , while Norfolk Southern shares are up slightly .
The purchase of Overture gives Yahoo a bigger stake in the arena of advertiser-paid search listings .
Sales at eBay Climb , but Net Income Declines
But in a document obtained by investigators , Citigroup executives said that Mr. Fastow had ''given his verbal commitment '' to a senior Citigroup executive that Enron ''will support the 3 percent equity piece of this transaction . ''
But new fare-cutting competition has begun to arrive in the East , led by Southwest Airlines , the country 's biggest and most successful discount airline .
Microsoft , too .
Microsoft 's lawyer , Theodore Edelman , was nearing the end of his cross-examination of Dr. Tevanian this afternoon , when Judge Jackson stepped in , asking first that Dr. Tevanian explain the difference between bundling software with an operating system and fully integrating it into the operating system .
ABC has been among several providers of news for Clear Channel and will remain one ; Fox is to be added .
There , Mr. Banga soon faced his first challenge from regulators as he helped clean up the mess at Associates First Capital , a finance company in Dallas that Citigroup acquired .
Industry analysts have criticized Microsoft 's mobile-phone products for their relatively high cost and short battery life .
The New York and San Francisco offices of McCann-Erickson , part of the McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising unit of McCann-Erickson World Group , will work in partnership with the San Francisco office of Anderson & Lembke , which handles other tasks for Microsoft .
Microsoft executives argue that a business rationale now exists for interactive television -- as opposed to the Orlando interactive television pilot that Time Warner started with great fanfare in 1994 only to unceremoniously shut it in 1997 .
Time Warner Inc. , the largest media company in the world , reported a mixed bag of third-quarter financial results yesterday that modestly exceeded Wall Street 's expectations .
Depending on whether the patent or its enforcement is challenged in court , Netflix could use it to try to stop its competitors from setting up online rental services .
In recent months , Coca-Cola has had its plans to acquire the Orangina brand from Pernod Ricard S.A. rejected by the French Government and an appeals court , although Coke is trying to structure the deal in a way to win approval .
AT & T executives acknowledged that they were aware of Bell Atlantic 's complaints but said that they were were optimistic that the difficulties could be worked out .
The Microsoft Corporation was so worried about the Netscape Communications Corporation 's lead in Internet software last year that its senior executives wanted to delay an upgrade of the Windows operating system to gain an edge in the browser battle , according to internal Microsoft documents released this week by the Government .
Its issue with the company is that because Boston Scientific has so frequently failed to follow proper complaint analysis and reporting procedures , it can not be confident that its top executives as well as the F.D.A .
Mr. Solomon of Yahoo said the company hopes to add other publishers , including small ones , and provide a fuller selection of electronic books .
Typically , when Procter took over a company , it dismissed the agencies that company worked with and consolidated the work at Procter agencies .
Group Files a Brief Supporting Microsoft
The Procter & Gamble Company is broadening the depiction of families seen in some commercials to include nontraditional elements like adopted children .
General Motors rose to third place in this year 's quality ranking surveys by J. D. Power & Associates , the best performance for a domestic manufacturer since the study 's methodology was changed in 1998 .
No one at Microsoft is discussing pricing , but one of the tablet makers suggested that the tablets would probably cost slightly more than a good notebook computer .
At Wal-Mart , The New Word Is Compromise
''Taking into consideration the guidance from both First Union and Bank of America , that no longer looks to be the case . ''
So you have to talk to the geniuses at Microsoft and say : 'Yeah , it looks great .
While CBS executives describe the new ventures as nascent and even experimental , they seem clearly to represent an effort by the company to pursue new revenue streams after splitting from its sibling Viacom last month .
He said he expected Intel to succeed with its next handset chip , called Hermon , which is under development and scheduled to be on the market in 2005 .
In forging closer ties to Google , CBS might see less merit in joining with its big media rivals in the new venture .
and the Holocaust , '' but his main one is that I.B.M. , led by its chairman , Thomas J. Watson , had global control of a technology that was enormously helpful , indeed indispensable , to the Nazi machinery of war and annihilation .
Also in March , the Dell Computer Corporation said it planned to buy $ 16 billion of technology components from I.B.M .
