As Mr. Clinton donned a leather Harley-Davidson jacket at the company 's factory in York and mused about the possibility of becoming a biker at the end of his presidency , half of his economic team was in Beijing in a last-ditch effort to strike a deal with China that could vastly open the market for American producers .
The publisher , CurtCo Media , had hoped for as much as $ 500 million when it went on the block in the spring , hiring Goldman Sachs to run the sale process .
Microsoft Will Award Stock , Not Options , to Employees
Exxon and Mobil also each have plans to build petrochemical plants in Singapore , which are expected to be combined in a merger .
Amazon.com 's profit margins continued to feel pressure .
Vornado Realty Trust appeared to have the edge yesterday as it raised its bid to $ 56 a share in cash and stock , or $ 41 billion , topping a bid of $ 54 a share from the private equity giant Blackstone Group .
Anna Copeland Wheatley , a longtime Silicon Alley advocate and the editor in chief of AlleyCat News , a Silicon Alley trade magazine , said yesterday in an interview that the layoffs at News Digital Media were the latest demonstration that ''original and independent content is a fantasy , '' a trend that she said was also shown by the problems at Internet companies over the last nine months .
Investors were initially impressed , sending Motorola 's stock up more than 4.4 percent to a 52-week high of $ 14.40 in early trading , but the stock soon retreated to finish at $ 13.87 , up just 8 cents from Friday 's close .
Forrester Research report advises retailers to advertise on only one of three main Internet shopping portals , Yahoo , MSN and America Online , and start appearing on more shopping-specific sites like Amazon and eBay ; notes so-called big three attract same types of people ; three plan new versions of their shopping areas to distinguish themselves from one another ; Forrester analyst Carrie A Johnson notes online retailers that advertise with portals credit them with delivering 26 percent of their visitors and 19 percent of sales in 2001 ; photo ( M )
The V620 modem that Verizon offers for its broadband service has a diversity antenna system , which compares signals from two antenna elements and uses the stronger one .
Mr. Mulally said the exciting thing about the Sonic Cruiser was that it could be built with conventional materials and be powered by the same engines now used on Boeing 's wide-body 777 .
Whirlpool Corp announces major reorganization and says it will cut up to 6,300 jobs , or about 10 percent of its work force because of weakening demand for its products ; also warns that its fourth quarter profit will be lower than expected ; graph ( M )
But analysts said Citigroup 's relationship with Mr. Dantas soured over the last year as his increasing legal difficulties threatened to tarnish Citigroup 's reputation .
Raytheon has neither admitted nor denied the charges and the offer has yet to be approved .
Shares of AT & T fell $ 1.50 yesterday , to $ 65.625 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Mr. McCartney , who became a free agent after releasing his most recent pop album through his longtime label , EMI Group 's Capitol Records , said yesterday that he would become the first artist to sign with Hear Music , a label being created by Starbucks .
If you cheered for the robots in old sci-fi thrillers like ''The Day the Earth Stood Still '' or ''Forbidden Planet , '' your computer may have found a new friend in Harman Multimedia 's JBL Creature speakers .
D.M.B. & B. , part of the MacManus Group , works for General Motors in North America and the Mideast .
Several state officials said they were impressed with evidence introduced during the trial indicating that Microsoft had never taken the earlier consent agreement seriously .
Now , amid a consolidation that has put the video game business in the hands of a few big public companies like Electronic Arts and Activision , and in which best-selling titles can cost $ 10 million to $ 20 million to create , many developers say they feel like cogs in someone else 's machine .
''We 're working cooperatively and diligently toward a prompt resolution , '' Xerox 's chairman , Paul A. Allaire , said yesterday .
has to be in and I.B.M .
Finally , on June 15 , five months after he began seeking help and after three grievance procedures , he was informed by Aetna that he had not bought a rider to his individual health plan that would provide him with a period of in-patient rehabilitation , and so he was not eligible .
The panel made its final report to Kodak 's board in December , and then disbanded .
Five big health care companies , which account for about 70 percent of equipment , drugs and other supplies bought by nation 's hospitals , will form online exchange that would provide information about products and enable customers to place and track orders ; companies -- Johnson & Johnson , Baxter International Inc , Abbott Laboratories , Medtronic Inc , GE Medical Systems -- say purpose is to cut millions of dollars out of costs they and customers incur while handling drudge work of processing orders ( M )
Both of Mr. Semel 's new emphases -- paid listings and Internet access -- require that Yahoo depart from what has been its core strategy since the Web site was founded in 1994 by two Stanford graduate students , Jerry Yang and David Filo .
But that role has assumed more prominence in recent months as Wal-Mart has expanded its assortment of upscale items in an attempt to win back upper-middle-class consumers it has lost to Target , among others .
Employees of Microsoft , Intel and the anti-virus software maker Symantec said they had also been hit .
Over all , Mr. Sicher said , PepsiCo 's volume of beverage shipments rose 4.2 percent last year while Coca-Cola shipments increased by 2 percent .
''There is only one way for that to occur , and that is for demand to exceed Intel 's projections , '' he said .
Since last summer , Nike has been selling workout music on Apple 's iTunes store , including some original tracks from several electronic music artists .
The American International Group announced a shuffling of senior managers yesterday that appears to put two of its most highly regarded executives in competition to succeed Maurice R. Greenberg eventually as chief executive .
and Intel intend to revive the idea with their announcement that they will work together to tune the Java OS for Business operating system , based on the Java programming language , for computers using Intel 's Pentium microprocessors .
A handful of hotel owners , including Strategic Hotel Capital of Chicago , have asserted that Marriott and Avendra unfairly keep rebates that belong to them .
But the face-to-face-to-face talks did not resolve the suit , which the commission filed in September 2001 on behalf of women who worked in a division of Morgan Stanley 's investment bank .
But research by both Microsoft and computer makers found that most of the initial users of the machines were using them on their computer monitors , presumably on their desks .
But Aetna was already suffering from the ill effects of earlier questionable acquisitions -- Nylcare and U.S. Healthcare -- and these acquisitions came at a time other companies were bailing out of the business .
Gilead Sciences receives approval from Food and Drug Administration for new once-a-day AIDS drug Emtriva , setting stage for competition with GlaxoSmithKline ; Gilead obtained drug by acquiring Triangle Pharmaceuticals , its developer ; Emtriva appears to be aimed to compete directly with lamivudine , most widely used AIDS drug , which is sold by Glaxo as Epivir ; Glaxo has had great success combining lamivudine with AZT into combination pill called Combivir ( M )
Before booking on Priceline or Hotwire , their devotees recommend reviewing the rates listed on the Web sites of hotel chains as well as of Travelocity , Expedia , Orbitz and Hotels.com .
Not surprisingly , Nike produces fewer shoes in Vietnam than in China , Indonesia or Thailand .
Federal jury finds medical equipment maker Medtronic must pay nearly $ 159 million to Dr Gary K Michelson , inventor of spinal surgical devices , for violating its licensing and royalty agreements with him ; also calls for further punitive damages , to be determined in second phase of trial ; several of Michelson 's inventions have been combined with other innovations to give Medtronic leading role in spinal fusion operations ; Medtronic began battle with suit charging that Michelson failed to accept extent of its rights to his inventions and interfered with its business by marketing some of inventions to competitors ; he countersued ; photo ( M )
Goodyear badly needs the added sales , if it is to deliver on the huge growth spurt it has promised Wall Street .
A Hint of a Fire Problem Halts Boeing Jet Delivery
With the contract expiring Aug. 3 and with the company rehiring those 2,300 workers on July 30 , it was awkward , officials on both sides said , for Verizon to argue that it needed contractual flexibility to lay those same workers off again .
The site can be seen at beta.local.yahoo.com .
U S West also said it had made deals with Digital Equipment , Hewlett-Packard , Microsoft , Novell , Oracle and Sun Microsystems to allow those companies to package their products with U S West 's data offerings .
There had been no inkling that Bank of America was considering a change in agency companies until late Thursday , when the Web site of the trade publication Advertising Age posted an article reporting that the company had contacted Omnicom and WPP .
Metalworkers stage strike at carmakers in Brazil , halting about one-third of country 's auto and truck production at plants belonging to Ford Motor , Volkswagen , DaimlerChrysler and Scania ; ABC Metalworkers Union says about 24,000 workers are on strike after rejecting raise of nearly 16 percent , four percentage points less than what unions asked for ; photo ( M )
Last September , the European Union opened a full inquiry into Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. 's purchase of Amalgamated Beverages , the parent company of the British bottler Coca-Cola and Schweppes Beverages Ltd .
Such top booksellers as Barnes & Noble and Amazon.com are looking for ways to make electronic commerce profitable and competitive by sending more of their orders through their own distribution centers .
Lowe Lintas will also create campaigns for the brands sold by Beverage Partners Worldwide , a joint venture of Coca-Cola and Nestlé .
Higher-income shoppers are less affected by economic factors like rising energy prices than are low- and middle-income consumers who are the Wal-Mart mainstays .
Chevron said Monday that a large refinery damaged by Hurricane Katrina in Pascagoula , Miss. , would not be fully operational until mid-November .
Browser Short At Microsoft
The plaintiffs ' lawyers assert that the court also ruled that Microsoft owed benefits to thousands of temporary employees , too .
European officials investigating the chip maker Intel have presented what they say they believe is a watertight argument for pursuing antitrust charges to an internal panel of so-called devil 's advocates , a person briefed on the investigation said late Tuesday .
Bozell , Jacobs , which is privately held by top managers , has long been wooed by Omnicom Group , the No .
At one point , Mr. Lanier presented the jury an e-mail message written in March 2000 by Dr. Edward M. Scolnick , who was then Merck 's head of research , saying that a large clinical trial of Vioxx had shown that the drug increased heart risks , or cardiovascular events .
American Express plans magazine with no name as point of identity for holders of its Centurion card , mysterious and much-coveted black credit card available by invitation only for high annual fee to people who charge at least $ 150,000 a year ; editor in chief Richard David Story comments ; photo ( M )
Wal-Mart is using Walmart.com to sell upscale and even luxury merchandise that is not available in its stores , including platinum and diamond jewelry , cashmere sweaters and 60-inch plasma television sets ; hopes this will allow it to increase sales , which have lately been disappointing , and lagging stock price ; has come to find that its regular discount-seeking shoppers can be costlier to serve online than the more affluent are ; has policy of carrying different assortments of goods online and offline , so Web site is not expected to divert sales from stores ; offering luxury goods online is also seen as way to change perception that customers have of Wal-Mart ; photo ( M )
Until now , Microsoft has largely bet that hardware manufacturers like Samsung could come up with a device that would use Microsoft 's software and cut into Apple 's lead .
Apple Computer furthered its push into home entertainment on Tuesday with the introduction of a high-fidelity stereo system for the iPod music player , as well as a new version of the Mac Mini computer with features for managing digital music and video .
Those that remain face fiercer competition in a market increasingly dominated by giants like Amazon.com and the online arms of traditional powerhouses -- Wal-Mart Stores , Target , the Gap and more .
The company was also put under a suspension , which the Pentagon just lifted last Friday , and barred from bidding on $ 1 billion in Air Force rocket launching contracts after Boeing employees were found to have stolen thousands of proprietary documents from a rival , the Lockheed Martin Corporation .
Ex-Boeing Financial Chief Pleads Guilty to Felony
For the Chicago-based Boeing , the hesitancy in its home market has hindered the growth of Connexion , once central to Boeing 's push to diversify from its near total dependence on commercial jets and military systems .
But Morgan Stanley , deep into a slump in the stock market , is under pressure to reduce costs in its brokerage operation , formerly known as Dean Witter .
Mark Rosenthal , the former MTV Networks president who joined Interpublic in May 2005 as chairman and chief executive at Interpublic Media , will leave after the second reorganization , Michael I. Roth , chief executive at Interpublic , said yesterday .
The loss would have been larger had it not been for a gain of $ 89.1 million , or 23 cents a share , from the sale to Taylor Nelson Sofres of a division known as NFO Worldwide , now treated by Interpublic as a discontinued operation .
Q. I tired of seeing that cute Office Assistant in Microsoft Word pop up every time I wrote a letter so I deleted it .
Microsoft to Release New Version of Halo Video Game on Sept. 25
''Talking with one voice , one message , one idea is incredibly challenging to orchestrate , '' said Dan Roselli , who oversees brand and advertising assignments for the corporate marketing and communications department at Bank of America in Charlotte , N.C. ''The only way to do that is by going to the holding-company model . ''
Almost three-quarters of British business travelers say they expect to travel to the United States in the next six months , according to a survey by Accenture , the worldwide consulting and management company .
Some Wall Street analysts had expressed concern over the last few quarters that Cisco 's growth would slow once the initial advantage from Scientific-Atlanta had worn off .
''It 's one of the things that have been evaluated and considered , '' a Boeing spokesman said .
I.B.M .
The five-year program would cost Microsoft at least $ 550 million and possibly far more .
So while union negotiators from New York and New England were pleased for the most part when Verizon agreed to limit mandatory overtime to eight hours a week , negotiators in these other states have pushed for an even lower requirement .
Yahoo mimicked the reality TV series genre in a June promotion for the best instant message conversation , with online users voting for their favorite .
Mr. Roberts 's interest in the Masters is not surprising , considering that Comcast owns the Golf Channel .
''The heart of eBay , what made it so successful , was n't so much the buying and the selling , which was its economic side , but the facilitation of these relationships in its public forums and question-and-answer areas , '' Mr. Skoll said .
By highlighting Citigroup executives , regulators and prosecutors demonstrated their determination to stymie conflicts of interest within the investment bank 's sprawling operations .
''Unlike Amazon.com , we never had enough money to make huge mistakes , '' Mr. Tavares said , grinning .
In a statement , the California Attorney General , Bill Lockyer , called the Microsoft proposal ''a minimalist opening offer that is far from what anyone in our group would expect to be adequate , '' adding , ''It was a very small offer . ''
''Assuming the bonuses are not excessive , I do n't think Interpublic is stretching the boundaries '' to award them , said Thomas P. Razukas at Fitch , because they could be ''helpful to morale . ''
Conrail chairman David M LeVan will not get to lead one of largest railroads in the country as he once planned ; but he will get $ 22 million golden parachute if Federal regulators approve proposed deal to split Conrail between CSX Corp and Norfolk Southern Corp ; LeVan 's severance package will be more than 40 times the $ 539,278 in salary and bonuses he received at Conrail in 1995 ( L )
While the Microsoft approach links Web services technology closely to its operating system , the other camp is putting the technology in a layer of software separate from the operating system , called middleware .
Vivendi may now be left with the choice of accepting a deal that values the business at less than $ 14 billion or agreeing to form a joint venture , with little to no cash , with either Comcast or NBC .
And , it occurred to me the other day , this is a world in which it should be pretty painless for a shopper to buy a computer online -- especially from I.B.M .
Hoping to take advantage of its position as Hughes 's only serious bidder , News Corporation is now planning to make a complex offer that includes paying cash for G.M .
With $ 55 billion in revenue , it will trail Wal-Mart and Home Depot .
''We always anticipated that in order for Oracle to try to catch up with SAP , they would take this step , '' he said .
Ms. Richardson of Microsoft said Mr. Zhou 's site was taken down after Chinese authorities made a request through a Shanghai-based affiliate of the company .
For its part , Intel will establish a $ 200 million fund that will be used in part to invest in companies developing hardware and software based on the IX architecture .
speechwriter and the author of the book , ''Billy , Alfred and General Motors , '' about two former G.M .
Moody 's attributed the decision to keep the debt ratings unchanged to steps taken by new managers , who have ''significantly strengthened the company 's balance sheet , shored up liquidity and made progress improving operating performance . ''
When Mr. Cheney resigned from Halliburton two days ago , he received an unspecified bonus , was freed to sell 140,000 formerly restricted shares of company stock and was allowed to keep options on 1.16 million shares .
Yahoo is trying to diversify itself away from online advertising , which fell sharply after the Internet bubble burst .
They are producing Microsoft products .
The board sent investigators to California to speak with current and former Boeing employees , including Mr. Richardson .
Hunt-Wesson unit of Conagra Inc names Euro RSCG Tatham to handle advertising for its Orville Redenbacher/Swiss Miss division , with billings estimated at $ 25 million to $ 30 million ; account had been handled by Ketchum Advertising San Francisco unit of Omnicom Group ( S )
Ron Garriques , president of Motorola 's mobile devices division , said his company had not discussed the prospect of directly downloading music with Cingular .
statement added that its Unix license '' can not be terminated , '' and that ''I.B.M .
The nation 's largest investment company , China International Trust and Investment , has not encountered financial difficulty yet , though today , Moody 's Investors Service placed its debt on review for a possible downgrading .
Altria is set to argue an appeal before that court , in hopes of reversing a order to pay damages of $ 10 billion and post a $ 7 billion bond .
The commercial ends by showing the familiar ''Intel Inside '' logo stamped onto the back of the character 's bald head .
An Internet service provider in Vancouver , British Columbia , says an error message in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 4.0 is advising his customers to take their business elsewhere .
''The surprise of the day is not so much that Logicon was sold but that Northrop Grumman was the one that bought them , '' said Byron K. Callen , an analyst at Merrill Lynch & Company .
Several close financial advisers say Michael Jackson is near insolvency and has no money to repay $ 70 million loan from Bank of America due on February 17 ; say child molestation charges and allegations that Nation of Islam is involved in Jackson 's affairs have scared banks off and hurt his ability to make more money ; Al Malnik , Miami multimillionaire with alleged ties to mob and owner of national chain of loan stores , Title Loans of America , says he is trying to have loan extended ( M )
The General Motors Corporation said Tuesday that its deal to sell a controlling interest in its financing subsidiary could be delayed until next year and said it had increased its second-quarter loss by $ 200 million .
The News Corporation reported strong quarterly results yesterday , propelled by torrid growth at the company 's cable and broadcast television operations .
This week , a cellphone matching that description has finally arrived -- but it 's not from Apple .
; Despite U.S. Ban , Russia Buys I.B.M .
''Microsoft has been talking about a tax product for years , '' said Laura Starita , an analyst at the Gartner Group , ''but it 's extremely cumbersome and not a fun business to be in . ''
At his keynote speech at the giant Comdex computer show next week in Las Vegas , Microsoft 's chairman , William H. Gates , will demonstrate a prototype of a portable computing slate the size of an 8 1/2-by-11-inch notebook , operated not with a keyboard but with a stylus .
Morgan Stanley reported strong second-quarter results yesterday , far surpassing analysts ' forecasts and providing a welcome boost to John J. Mack as he approaches his one-year anniversary as chief executive .
In 1994 Kodak hired Mr. Kavetas , who had just retired as chief executive of the I.B.M .
Microsoft says 40 million people worldwide have signed up for the service , but it is not clear how many use it .
Former General Reinsurance Corp executives Ronald E Ferguson , Elizabeth A Monrad and Robert D Gram and former American International Group senior executive Christian Milton plead not guilty to fraud and conspiracy charges ; are charged with making false statements to Securities and Exchange Commission ; charges stem from reinsurance transaction executed in 2000 and 2001 that prosecutors say was sham intended to inflate AIG 's financial position and mislead investors ; photos ( M )
W. Stephen Kamman , an analyst with CIBC , said Cisco will be hard pressed to meet its goals for 30 percent growth in the next few years .
Enron owned 65 percent of Dabhol ; General Electric and the Bechtel Corporation owned 10 percent each and the utility the rest .
Disclosure that Morgan Stanley 's chief executive Philip J Purcell was awarded $ 22 million in total compensation last year highlights questions about his strategy and performance ; Scott Sipprelle , hedge fund investor and former Morgan Stanley employee , who wrote letter to Morgan Stanley board this month proposing firm sell or spin off its lagging units , criticizes Purcell 's compensation ; says company 's stock fell 4 percent in value last year and yet Purcell 's pay was increased by 57 percent ; photo ( M )
In the first half of 2001 , I.B.M .
After it was all over , I learned that for home users , Microsoft recommends upgrading from Windows 98 to Windows XP rather than doing a clean install , because the latter can be so complicated .
Altria 's plan to spin off Kraft is part of a long-term revamping plan that may ultimately split the domestic and international tobacco businesses into two companies because Altria thinks they would have more value as independent companies .
Despite some of the divisions that remain at Citigroup , analysts do not think they will impede the company 's ability to improve earnings .
Studies have documented the ''Wal-Mart effect '' -- the depression of wages and the loss of jobs after the establishment of the retail store in a community .
Steve Friedman , who created The Early Show at CBS , returns to CBS News as vice president for morning broadcasts ( S )
Computer Associates International is expected to announce today that its new chief executive will be John Swainson , an I.B.M .
But the main reason Johnson & Johnson said that it purchased Alza was for the company 's technology , which includes innovative ways of delivering drugs to the body .
Mr. Ronning and Mr. Lipset , as well as executives from AOL and Yahoo , said they did not expect their sales efforts to yield significant results until at least later this year .
Microsoft has argued that integrating new features into its products is a clear consumer benefit , but its critics and competitors say that integration instead locks customers into a single monolithic program and impedes innovation .
Power Rangers , from Bandai and Saban Consumer Products , has been a perennial best seller , as have the World Wrestling Federation figures made by Jakks Pacific and the Star Wars figures manufactured by Hasbro .
Most of all , Microsoft aims to impress Stuart Walker , Southridge 's technology consultant and troubleshooter .
BaylessCronin , part of Merkley Newman Harty & Partners unit of Omnicom Group , is closing and will be merged with another Omnicom agency ( S )
Foveon Co develops image-sensing computer chip capable of same resolution as Eastman Kodak 's new chip , which can to capture digital images with resolution of 4,096 by 4,096 pixels per square inch , but Foveon says its technique could be much less expensive ; clarity achieved with Foveon chip could begin to challenge expensive 4-by-5 film cameras made by companies like Hasselblad that are used by professional photographers ; Foveon 's founder , Carver Mead , a pioneer in chip industry , says he hopes to replace film camera ; new technologies would have other applications as well ; photo ( M )
Whether Verizon would be willing to give up control of the wireless unit is unclear .
MARCH went out like a lion on Madison Avenue , as advertisers like AT & T , F.T.D. , Mobil , Nestle and Nike made changes late last week on advertising , media and interactive accounts with billings estimated at more than $ 200 million .
Lawyers for Beasley , Allen , Crow , Methvin , Portis & Miles , the Montgomery , Ala. , firm that represents Ms. Rogers , disputed Merck 's claims and said that they had evidence that Mr. Rogers took Vioxx before he died .
Boeing acted promptly to correct the defect , he said , even if it did not report it .
Mr. Chernin did not entirely put the concerns to rest yesterday in saying that he was very happy and planned to stay at the News Corporation .
Yahoo Inc reports first-quarter earnings that exceed Wall Street analysts ' expectations ; company earned $ 4.3 million , compared with loss of $ 740,000 in quarter a year earlier ; revenue tripled , to $ 30.2 million ( S )
Unlike the first quarter of last year when it cut jobs , Verizon did not have to pay hefty severance packages .
According to the complaint , Apple 's board granted 7.5 million stock options to Mr. Jobs on Aug. 29 , 2001 , to replace an earlier grant that had no immediate exercise value because the share price had declined .
Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , made its announcement after the close of trading on Wall Street .
Microsoft , apparently , was paying close attention , because within a few weeks the company set out on a lobbying campaign .
New Orleans and neighboring parishes offer $ 25,000 each to 300 engineers from ExxonMobil who are being transferred to company 's headquarters in Houston , hoping to persuade them to take jobs at other area oil-and-gas companies ( S )
And while Mr. Ballmer 's assertion last week that Linux code includes Microsoft 's intellectual property may be his personal belief , it is not been reflected in the company 's strategy -- at least not so far .
Last quarter Microsoft told financial analysts that the number declined largely because computer security concerns led to delays of purchases by corporate customers .
Microsoft responded yesterday by saying that the states ' claim that the company had benefited from the settlement with the government was ''simply inaccurate '' and ''fairly predictable , '' given the source .
Although Boeing organized the news conference for the leasing announcement , the new leases will not add to the American jet maker 's order book .
The centerpiece of the campaign is a 90-second television commercial , directed by Joe Pytka , with an ethereal style , uncharacteristic of I.B.M. , that is reminiscent of the film ''2001 : A Space Odyssey . ''
She emphasized that , as with all Costco merchandise , Mr. Knickerbocker was free to return the artwork .
Last Arguments Are Offered in Microsoft Case
Yet I.B.M .
Duke Energy to buy Cinergy in all-stock deal valued at $ 9 billion ; deal adds momentum to power industry 's consolidation ; will help Duke offset its reliance on gas-powered electrical plants with Cinergy 's cheaper-to-run coal-fired assets ; Duke chairman and chief executive Paul M Anderson will be chairman of merged company and Cinergy chairman and chief executive James E Rogers president and chief executive ; table of corporate data ; photos ( M )
The News Corporation , which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch , said yesterday that it had taken control of a leading Internet portal in India , Indya.com , acquiring ''nearly all '' of the majority stake of Microland Group , adding to its 37 percent stake .
King County , Wash , which includes Seattle , plans to buy 235 diesel hybrid buses for its transit system , one of largest orders for city buses with hybrid technology ; King County Metropolitan Transit Authority plans to spend about $ 47 millin more for hybrid than it would have for conventional diesel buses ; county managers say they will save $ 27 million over 12 years by using less fuel and oil and reducing maintenance costs ; hybrid engines will be made by General Motors Corp for buses built by New Flyer ; buses will be on Seattle streets by May ( M )
But once Yahoo assembled the Panama team in mid-2005 , ''things did come together quite quickly , '' Mr. Semel said .
At issue are ratings issued by Claire Kent , the analyst in charge of Morgan Stanley 's research on luxury-goods companies , whose recommendations are influential among investors .
Wal-Mart now asks employees to pay 33 percent of the company 's cost of providing insurance , but says it plans to reduce that to 30 percent .
And some are even starting to raise questions quietly about Amgen 's long-vaunted management .
6 no longer comes with Java , the software module that is required by many online banks , brokerages and games and was at the heart of a legal dispute between Microsoft and Sun Microsystems , Java 's creator .
Even more dire , Cisco said it was writing down to zero almost two-thirds of its inventories , in the staggering amount of $ 2.5 billion .
Floyd Norris column on disclosures appearing in quarterly reports from American public companies showing that companies are betting billions on tax breaks that may not work out ; says disclosures also show that some companies keep fighting over taxes for decades ; holds some companies are still fighting over audits that began in 1980s -- leaving companies at risk of paying billions in taxes and penalties ; cites tax cases involving Exxon Mobil , Occidental Petroleum , Merck & Co , General Electric and AT & T ; chart
He disclosed that he had been talking to John M. Mack and Richard B. Fisher of Morgan Stanley off and on for more than two years .
For the quarter , Boeing reported earnings of $ 254 million , or 75 cents share , up 16.5 percent from $ 218 million , or 63 cents a share , in the comparable period a year earlier .
Aware of the competitive threat from Boston Scientific , Johnson & Johnson has taken some steps .
Merck is now heavily promoting Vytorin , which had sales of $ 378 million in the first quarter -- about double its sales for the period last year .
He said that Yahoo 's e-mail was closely integrated into many other services that Google does not offer , like instant messaging and photo sharing .
Aetna Strategy Results in Tenfold Jump in Quarterly Profit
Lawrence Lessig , a 38-year-old Harvard professor and Internet law expert , has been recruited for the Microsoft antitrust case once again .
This requirement will make it difficult for Microsoft to adapt its organization to the ever-changing needs of its business .
The Amazon spokesman , Paul Capelli , said the account would be placed in review although a timetable for the decision had not been set .
''It 's Time Warner and Comcast 's to lose , '' said one of the executives .
Samuel J. Palmisano , I.B.M .
Yet I.B.M .
''I do n't think Apple 's product cost reduction is a new industry trend or design watering-down , '' Dan Harden wrote by e-mail .
Over all , the report called Marriott 's program the best because it is the oldest and has a membership of more than 11 million , as well as having the largest selection of locations and the largest number of brands .
Certain drugs became even more popular in the first quarter , reflecting the aging of the population in plans managed by Express Scripts and consumer responses to marketing by drug manufacturers .
Developer Alan Ginsberg buys International Business Machines ' Ulster Business Complex , network of 27 buildings outside Kingston , NY , for over $ 20 million ( S )
Mr. Donlin said that AT & T was concerned that shifting and changing alliances might damage its relationship with an agency with other clients in similar businesses .
Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch/Shell , Chevron and Sasol say they expect to invest more than $ 14 million over next five to seven years in joint ventures in Qatar on obscure method to convert natural gas into clean-burning diesel fuel ; Energy Minister Abdullah bin Hamad al-Attiyah , in interview , says Qatar wants to be world capital for new age of fuels ; companies also are looking elsewhere to develop alternative fuels ; photo ( M )
On the positive side , the company continues to add third-party merchants who sell their items through the Amazon platform .
Amazon sharply increased its forecast for 2004 .
AT & T Corp and Time Warner Inc join forces to sell local telephone service over Time Warner 's millions of cable television lines , venture that could provide consumers with major alternative to Baby Bells and GTE Corp , which now dominate $ 100 billion business ; AT & T and Time Warner say they will sell local phone service in one or two undisclosed markets this year , with goal of expanding offering in 2000 ; companies also aim for savings of 20 percent over competition ; AT & T also plans to offer local phone service using cable lines in 10 of Tele-Commnications Inc 's markets after it acquires that company ( M )
Intel and Macronix plan to report on progress in memory devices based on chalcogenide , an inexpensive inorganic compound used in CD 's and DVD 's that can be rewritten .
Daewoo Motor closes its three major plants after suppliers withhold shipments until auto maker pays its $ 1.2 billion in overdue bills ; suppliers suggest that General Motors , which has agreed to take over Daewoo , make payments ( S )
In that regard , the phone works a lot like Apple 's iPod Shuffle . )
Paul Allen , Microsoft 's co-founder , has been acting as a sports and arts Medici , buying a professional football team , nearly a third of all the office space in the southern end of downtown Seattle , and building a huge new music museum .
In the late 1960 's , when business was so slow that Boeing at one point went 18 months without getting a single aircraft order , the company branched into a wide variety of businesses .
And in 2000 , American Airlines spun off Sabre .
Moves to Close Tax Shelter Shortly After I.B.M .
''The interesting sign here is that Intel is leading on the state of the art , '' said David Ditzel , vice chairman and chief technology officer of the Transmeta Corporation , a maker of low-power-consuming processors in Santa Clara , Calif. ''It will not be the only company to experience the shock and panic .
The occasion , of course , was the official announcement of the news that had splashed across front pages and Web sites nationwide : General Electric was buying Honeywell in a stock deal worth $ 45 billion .
Ann Brown , the chairwoman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission , said Mattel ought to consider removing the toy completely from store shelves .
On Saturday , Verizon , the country 's largest telecommunications company , said it had agreed to buy the 13.4 percent stake in MCI held by the Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim Helú .
AT & T said it would divide its business into three companies : communications services , communications equipment and computers .
Throughout the dozens of postings , Mr. Scott shows deep concern about the many attacks and allegations that Wal-Mart skirts environmental and labor laws .
Microsoft 's results ''benefited from much higher margins , '' he said .
Many of Morgan Stanley 's top executives have a long relationship with Mr. Kindler .
Intel and 2 Smaller Rivals Plan New Energy-Saving Chip Lines
Conservative groups are not the only ones weighing in on the Wal-Mart debate .
William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , and lawyers for the company have denied all of the claims .
The Procter & Gamble Company , which has long been seeking a bigger share of the lucrative European hair care market , said yesterday that it would buy 77.6 percent of Wella of Germany for $ 3.4 billion .
Television 's broadcast networks , despite great effort and hundreds of millions of dollars of promotion , are still also-rans on Web ; traffic to their various sites badly lags behind big portals like Yahoo , America Online and Microsoft 's MSN ; Wall Street has all but written off broadcast companies as Internet players ; publicly traded shares of NBC Internet and ABC 's online cousin Walt Disney Internet Group are down more than two-thirds this year , and CBS has delayed plans to spin off its Internet operations into separate company ; photos ; chart of stock prices of network Internet spinoffs ; chart of visits to network sites ( M )
The tablet computer is one of the best examples of Microsoft 's multibillion dollar effort to reinvent itself for the presumed post-PC era .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York has agreed to acquire International Public Relations P.L.C .
The company 's community of users continued to expand during the first quarter , with 7.2 million newcomers ; at the end of March , eBay had 29.7 million registered users .
''We are excited to participate in Amazon 's launch , '' said Greg Scholl , the chief executive of the Orchard , the largest digital distributor of independent music .
In 1963 , soon after Mr. Clark took the company 's reins , American Express faced one of the biggest crises in its history .
Intel 's announcement is certain to touch off a new battle for dominance among companies that make equipment for manufacturing chips .
''Interpublic is a large company , '' Mr. Recanati said , ''and we were somewhat concerned we would not be able to get through all the layers .
This work includes computer systems and networks of computers that use clever software and hardware to manage workloads and to detect and fix bugs on their own -- an initiative I.B.M .
Campbell Soup Chief Resigns As Long-Term Slump Persists
The difference , said Van Jacobson , chief scientist for Cisco Systems Inc. , a leading maker of Internet traffic routers , is that conventional traffic ''is polite ; this stuff is impolite . ''
Opposition to the Boeing deal is coming from a wide ideological range of Washington players , from Ralph Nader , the consumer advocate , to Grover G. Norquist , the head of an antitax group that works closely with the White House .
James L. Barksdale , Netscape 's chief executive , testified that he thought there would be more innovation and more competitors in the browser market if Microsoft had not bundled its browser , the Internet Explorer , with its industry-standard Windows operating system and given the browser away free -- essentially removing the commercial incentive for entrepreneurs to invest in the browser market .
Diane McGarry , Xerox 's chief marketing officer , said the campaign would be the company 's first significant advertising since early 2001 .
Gone , or at least hidden , are the annoying ''channels '' that Microsoft included in earlier versions of Internet Explorer , in a dubious effort to make it easier for users to get information from their favorite Web sites .
Now the board of Morgan Stanley is faced with the challenge of righting the firm and its stock price after months of turmoil and the departure of dozens of executives .
Daewoo Motor is considering selling some overseas assets to its South Korean rival , Hyundai Motor , if General Motors chooses not to acquire them , according to Lee Jong Dae , chairman of Daewoo .
The Government used the Gates tape -- the third excerpt from his deposition shown in the Microsoft trial -- to attack Microsoft 's defense that it decided to fold Internet browsing software into its Windows operating system to improve its centerpiece product , Windows .
Federal Judge Sue L Robinson who entered summary judgment in January that two Medtronic coronary stents infringed on patent held by Guidant reverses herself and says issue should be settled in jury trial scheduled to start Feb 7 ( S )
policies as their core helps maintain that benefit of global consistency , '' said Pamela P. Flaherty , Citigroup 's senior vice president for global community affairs .
But the official , John S. Reed , who is also a co-chief executive of Citigroup , the parent of Citibank , said the bank had made wholesale changes in its policies and culture since 1997 , to learn more about its wealthiest customers and to prevent them from laundering money through the bank .
State governments alone have fined Wal-Mart dozens of times for violating rules on storm-water runoff and air pollution .
According to the lawsuit , which was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court , NBC Studios , a subsidiary of NBC and the producer of the show , sought to ''refrain from shopping the series '' to other networks ''to further its own financial interests and those of its parent , '' the General Electric Company .
In the last two years , Electronic Arts stock has underperformed that of competitors like Activision and THQ .
Where Microsoft and Netscape diverge is on seemingly arcane programming protocols like enhancements to the Web 's basic hypertext markup language ( HTML ) , which controls the way information is organized and displayed , or the differing technical ground rules for handling Java , the Internet programming language created by Sun Microsystems Inc .
Kohl 's , a rival of Penney 's , appears to be even more confident about the industry 's prospects .
Atek Electronics develops remote control device that facilitates slide presentations in Microsoft PowerPoint ; photo ( M )
''The public interest would be served by a prompt decision that would end uncertainty about the remedy facing Microsoft 's employees , stockholders and firms in the technology industry and throughout the economy that do business with it , '' the government said .
Article discusses Web sites dedicated to news about Apple Computer Inc ; reaction to resignation last week of chief executive Gilbert Amelio discussed ( M )
They are not allowed outside the fence , which is widely believed to be surrounded by land mines , although Chevron officials decline to talk about most security measures .
People who want to use Apple 's popular iTunes service in Britain must go to the Web page www.itunes.com/uk , not www.itunes.co.uk .
Before joining PepsiCo in 1994 , she held strategic planning positions at the engineering and construction giant Asea Brown Boveri ( now ABB ) , Motorola and the Boston Consulting Group .
Terry Semel , who officially began as Yahoo 's chief executive on May 1 , was given a compensation package that included options to buy 10 million shares , or just less than 2 percent of the company , according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .
As telecommunications companies worldwide come under increasing pressure and many seek bankruptcy protection , AT & T appears to have emerged as an industry survivor , even if a hard-pressed one .
Analysts said the acquisition was positive for Yahoo .
Operating income declined at the company 's newspaper operation , largely because of a price war in Britain .
Rupert Murdoch and other executives from the News Corporation have openly said in recent weeks that they think James is the best executive to lead the pay television channel .
''The 18 percent growth in revenue is very impressive , but in my models , I expect that , '' said Kent Custer , a telecommunications analyst at A. G. Edwards who rates Verizon a hold .
In the five and a half years since Altria sold 280 million shares of Kraft at $ 31 each in an initial public offering , the stock has remained relatively unchanged , closing yesterday at $ 34.83 .
For the music industry , Apple 's new service is not just a test of what price customers are willing to pay , but of whether an easy-to-use system will catch on as an alternative to the services that let users download music free .
Verizon may raise its match to $ 1.50 for every $ 1 contributed by the employee if the company reaches certain financial targets .
The toxicity of Mr. Imus 's remark , the innocence of his targets , and his refusal to put down the shovel -- he dug himself deeper just about every time he opened his mouth -- made last night 's decision by CBS to end his show seem almost inevitable .
A partial explanation for the bad design : I.B.M .
Xerox yesterday announced new business copier products , expanded sales channels and a change in strategy in favor of cutting prices to regain the market share it lost in recent years as it was fighting to avoid bankruptcy proceedings .
Analysts say they were not surprised by the departure of Mr. Thompson , who will remain with Interpublic until August .
But after Microsoft opposed it , the computer makers -- known as O.E.M .
James R. Thompson , Winston & Strawn 's chairman and managing partner , who is a former governor of Illinois , said he saw no conflict in the firm having represented Chevron and Texaco , which became ChevronTexaco in 2001 , and in investigating the merged company for Hawaii .
Yahoo will start using modified version of software made buy Inktomi , which it purchased year ago , for its Web searches ; Yahoo 's Web searches have been provided by rival Google ; Yahoo 's move is first shot in what it hopes will be assault on Google in several search-related areas ( S )
Global is offering $ 63 in stock for each Frontier share as long as Global 's shares trade within a range of $ 34.56 to $ 56.78 .
Senior managers at Interpublic agencies , notorious for their insistence on operating independently , are being urged to play nicely together .
In response , Wal-Mart has hired Edelman , a major public relations firm , which has created a public relations war room at the company headquarters and reached out to bloggers who support the company .
Mr. Thoman declined to speculate , but there is little doubt that I.B.M .
As Verizon replaces more of its old copper network with more durable fiber lines , the company also expects to save billions of dollars in maintenance costs .
The company , a division of Duke Energy , said that it was considering three reactor designs and that it would need a plant in 10 to 15 years to serve the Piedmont region of the Carolinas .
''The question before us is not , 'Will Apple survive ? '
They accused the company of at times selling more than 50 percent of the center 's 17,500 seats to American Express cardholders .
In a statement yesterday , Catherine Adams , McDonald 's vice president for worldwide quality , food safety and nutrition , said the company was ''researching and testing oil alternatives and are encouraged with the progress we are making . ''
But the rival Norfolk Southern also wanted Conrail and blocked the deal in a bitter four-month battle .
The biggest hurdle for Verizon Wireless and some of its rivals -- Cingular Wireless is also planning a music offering -- is not one of technology but perception .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , leading securities firm embroiled in racial discrimination dispute with former employee Christian Curry , received letter last August demanding $ 15,000 payment from police informant Charles J Luethke who helped arrange sting operation that was about to result in Curry 's arrest ; just days before Curry was arrested last August for conspiring to plant evidence that would bolster discrimination lawsuit against the firm , Luethke sent letter to Morgan Stanley 's legal department demanding cash advance 'for services rendered ' ; Curry , who is black , files $ 1.3 billion discrimination lawsuit , which includes charges of false arrest ; Morgan Stanley denies any wrongdoing ; Manhattan District Attorney 's office says firm wired $ 10,000 into account designated by Luethke days after Curry 's arrest ; Morgan Stanley failed to disclose payment to prosecutors , which prompted District Attorney 's office to dismiss all charges against Curry and instead focus their investigation on Luethke and several Morgan Stanley officials ; firm continues to contend Curry was dismissed for expense account abuse , but dismissal came shortly after nude pictures of him found their way into gay men 's magazine Playguy ( M )
''It reduces a little bit further the credibility Boston Scientific has with the cath labs , '' where the procedures are performed .
Wall Street analysts have raised concerns about Aetna 's ability to absorb the huge , money-losing health care unit of the Prudential Insurance Company , which it bought last August for roughly $ 1 billion , and to deal with a rash of lawsuits by lawyers who specialize in class actions as well as patients ' rights bills in Congress that would make it easier to sue health insurers .
Motorola Invests In Home-Network Studies
Wal-Mart 's executive vice president M Susan Chambers sends internal memo to board proposing numerous ways to hold down spending on health care and other benefits while seeking to minimize damage to retailer 's reputation ; recommends hiring more part-time workers , discouraging unhealthy people from working at Wal-Mart , reducing 401 ( k ) contributions and wooing younger , and presumably healthier , workers by offering education benefits ; voices concern that workers with seven years ' seniority earn more than workers with one year 's seniority , but are no more productive ; suggests that company arrange for 'all jobs to include some physical activity , ' to discourage unhealthy job applicants ; acknowledges that Wal-Mart has to walk fine line in restraining benefit costs because critics have attacked it for being stingy on wages and health benefits ; acknowledges that 46 percent of children of Wal-Mart 's 1.33 million US employees are uninsured or on Medicaid ; proposed plan would save company more than $ 1 billion a year by 2011 ; photos ( M )
When Wal-Mart sells organic food on a much broader scale , it will have to meet the same Agriculture Department requirements .
In determining which side to believe , he will inevitably be guided by his own judgment of whether Microsoft is a vigorous competitor or predatory monopolist .
Recognizing that timing could be a decisive issue for some shareholders , Boston Scientific has pledged immediate sales of Guidant businesses that overlap with its own so that regulators could more easily move rapidly to review its proposal .
Mr. Weill will , however , remain chairman until Citigroup 's 2006 annual meeting , and in a conference call with analysts he bristled at the suggestion he would be a ''nonexecutive chairman . ''
AOL is not the technology company that Microsoft is .
The deadline for compliance was set in late April during a meeting between Ms. Kroes and Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , but was kept secret until now .
Apple added 10 retail stores during the quarter , for a total of 165 , and has begun pilot programs to sell Apple products in Best Buy stores .
Initially , Johnson & Johnson stood by its $ 25.4 billion plan , and several Wall Street analysts predicted that the medical products giant would continue to do so despite Guidant 's mounting problems .
Released last week , I.B.M .
Dr. Vennen of Merck said his company had a contractual obligation to provide ImClone with data from its trial in its current form .
It is in this arena where Fox and ESPN compete most directly , as when Fox Sports News Prime Time goes up against ESPN Sportscenter -- and where Fox is intent on building a cable brand that can attract national advertisers .
''My job is not to compete with Microsoft , '' Mr. Young stresses .
After all , not only is Mr. Volpi , who is just 31 , uncommonly aggressive in going after what he wants ; he is also dealing in one of the most valuable currencies in the technology business today -- Cisco stock .
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial/First Call have predicted I.B.M .
Though Citicorp was crippled by loans to Latin America in the late 80 's , Citigroup has been expanding in emerging markets under Mr. Weill , whose penchant for ever-bigger mergers was capped by the combination of the Travelers Group and Citicorp in 1998 .
Apple adopted AAC for the same reasons that Microsoft invented WMA files : because they sound better than MP3 files , take up less disk space and can be copy-protected .
While Merck 's marketing is not perfect , the company actually received fewer warning letters than other drug makers , he said .
The diagnostics business , while profitable for Abbott Laboratories , is far smaller than the company 's drug business , which had profits of $ 3.1 billion on sales of $ 9.84 billion in the first nine months of 2006 .
Qwest 's first bid on June 13 -- a combination of cash and stock -- did little to inspire U S West and Frontier , so Qwest revised its bid last week .
And then , in a bold move last week , another upstart , Qwest Communications International , raised the stakes with a bid of its own for U S West and Frontier .
Whether or not the Coca-Cola Company would introduce a similar diet product was not clear yesterday .
The district court did not find that plaintiffs ' proposed decree and Microsoft 's vehement opposition thereto created no triable issues of fact .
Mr. Landi , who was head of Apple 's European operations , was named chief operating officer in May by Mr. Amelio .
Revenue was up about 9 percent from the same three-month period in 2001 , a quarter in which Cisco reported a net loss of $ 268 million , or 4 cents a share .
Analysts said the alliance showed that the telecommunications industry was set on establishing an alternative to the Windows CE operating system , which Microsoft has pushed as the standard in several markets , including hand-held computers , cable set-top boxes and cellular phones .
Disney has demanded that Time Warner cable systems not only feature its new channels -- Toon Disney and the Soap Channel -- but also make the Disney Channel part of the basic service packages , and Time Warner says the company has asked for as much as $ 300 million for the right to carry the channels .
Verizon says that in areas where it has been available for three months , the service has grabbed 7 percent of the market .
Today , Netscape and Microsoft are bitter rivals , but they considered becoming partners .
As Mr. Neukom recalled it , Mr. Gates told Mr. Klein , ''What we 're doing is good for consumers , good for the industry and good for Microsoft . ''
Last week Aetna replaced its chief executive under pressure from investors who were dismayed by a 50 percent drop in the stock price and disappointing financial results from the company .
He and other analysts said that even though they thought that Schwab would continue to grow , they questioned why investors placed a much higher value on the firm 's shares than on those of Morgan Stanley or other successful securities firms .
Equity and debt underwriting activity was robust in first quarter despite some volatility in markets ; Citigroup topped list in quarter , as it did in quarter year earlier ; graph ( M )
Apple Removes the Dalai Lama From Its Ads in Hong Kong
Corning plans to take a fourth-quarter charge of $ 550 million to $ 650 million to account for the layoffs and the closing of optical fiber plants in Australia and Germany , and the shutdown of a facility in Concord , N.C .
Now , the Bells ' chief competitors are Time Warner Cable , Comcast and other cable providers that have the technology , armies of installers and marketing budgets to lure away video and phone customers .
AT & T has long used satellites to fill in the gaps in its international long-distance network , but the company has tended to rely primarily on fiber optics , copper wires , undersea cables and land-based communications switches -- all of which it makes or installs through its Network Systems equipment division .
Although the case initially brought by the Justice Department last October centered on Microsoft 's decision to include Internet Explorer 4.0 as part of the Windows 95 operating system , the Government has significantly broadened its investigation , several people close to the case said .
Both of these companies are faltering , and if you take a look at the size of the new company , it 's still only 20 percent of Wal-Mart in terms of sales . ''
Projections by the company and the analysts were similar for this year and next , but Wall Street expects increasing competition and the maturing of the stent market to limit Boston Scientific to a revenue increase of just 1 percent and no earnings growth in 2007 .
Later , in a speech to DuPont employees , Mr. Bush said he had ordered the federal government to buy more hybrid vehicles that use ethanol or alternative fuels , and to buy hybrid plug-in cars ''as soon as they hit the market . ''
Dr. Richard Clapp , a respected epidemiologist from Boston University who was hired by a group of 40 plaintiffs in San Jose , said statistical analyses he has run from data provided by the company have shown troubling elevations of breast cancer , non-Hodgkins lymphoma and brain cancer among I.B.M .
Lately , however , the question at Time Warner has been whether it can generate the growth to lift its stock .
But while I.B.M .
For his part Mr. Gates said that he believed that Microsoft now had a compelling product to match its message to corporate users and hardware makers .
The Creative Artists Agency said today that one of AT & T 's highest-ranking executives would join the powerful talent agency in an unexpected move that substantially advances the convergence of entertainment , information and communications .
The changes come as Procter has been paring its agency roster , consolidating accounts at its biggest shops for greater efficiencies .
Critics have also called Boeing 's offering little more than a warmed-over version of the venerable American F-15 with new avionics and not the new-generation machine South Korea wants .
The Q offers two huge advantages over the popular BlackBerry and Treo smartphones : in Motorola 's words , ''price point and form factor . ''
Cingular and Sprint Nextel , however , question the objectivity of Verizon 's findings , and point to other data that they say shows they have better networks .
Coca-Cola Co has quietly begun testing vending machine that can automatically raises prices for its drinks in hot weather ; process appears to be done through temperature sensor and computer chip , not any breakthrough technology , though Coca-Cola refuses to provide any details ; Coca-Cola chairman M Douglas Ivester comments ( M )
On that day , the price of a share of Merck stock plummeted 27 percent , and it has since drifted lower .
Another Ranking Executive At Apple Decides to Resign
Until then agency employees can not discuss Dasani or the water category with Coca-Cola .
Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs demonstrates coming feature for Apple computers , called Spotlight , that will allow users to search quickly for words and concepts stored on hard drive by using search technology borrowed from company 's iTunes online music service at software conference in San Francisco ; search feature , part of next version of Macintosh operating system called Tiger , is scheduled for release in first half of 2005 ; photo ( M )
Europe Warns Microsoft Over Compliance
Microsoft said it was impossible to predict what its tax bill would be in 2000 since the year is not yet over .
''It 's fine to dream , but you have to decide what you 're going to do tomorrow morning , '' Monsanto 's chief executive , Hugh Grant , said about biotech fruits and vegetables during a conference call with analysts .
It also promises to intensify Apple 's fight with Microsoft in a computer market that is dominated by machines using Windows software .
''At Microsoft , the overhead of having meetings and building a consensus among a group of people is so high , I had to hire people just to manage the communication , '' he said .
The estimated 100 protesters marched along several blocks downtown , wearing cardboard headpieces cut in the shape of televisions and shouting from bullhorns slogans like ''Creepy , crawly in our house , do n't let Comcast buy the mouse . ''
But the prospect of such added responsibilities did not stop the two hosts -- Mike Francesa and Christopher Russo ( the ''Mad Dog '' ) -- from blistering their employer , CBS Radio , for cutting ties to Mr. Imus in the midst of the fund-raiser .
Last year , advertising accounted for 76 percent of Yahoo 's revenue .
Robert E. Allen , AT & T 's chairman and chief executive , stunned the communications industry on Sept. 20 by announcing that the company would split into three separate companies with separate stocks : one that provides communication services and will retain the AT & T name ; one that manufactures equipment and has yet to be named , and one that will contain AT & T 's computer business , the former NCR Corporation .
Soon after Coca-Cola said it would help out Interpublic by replacing the creative assignments that Foote , Cone lost , PepsiCo took Foote , Cone to court , complaining that four agency employees who worked on Aquafina would share trade secrets with the Dasani team from Coca-Cola .
The idea , which seemed realistic at the time , was to turn Staples.com into a Wall Street darling like so many other dot-com stocks had become .
They received an earful : one after another , senior Morgan Stanley executives vented their frustrations with Mr. Purcell 's leadership .
For instance , one NBC executive said , it did not make a deal to buy the Family Channel -- now the Fox Family Channel and once again for sale -- simply because General Electric executives did not like the terms of the deal being offered by International Family Entertainment Inc. , controlled by Pat Robertson .
Its American cousin for Target , with its reverse-mounted handle and a whistle like a Cracker Jack prize , set backwards so it also suggests a pointing finger , will sell for $ 35 .
In the fourth quarter of 1998 , Halliburton began to book revenue on the assumption that its customers would pay at least part of the cost overruns , although they remained in dispute .
Companies like Xybernaut , I.B.M .
In the biggest previous case , Allstate , last June went after a ring that deployed several hundred drivers and passengers in what the company said were fake accidents within the same few blocks in Passaic , N.J. Allstate said the gang , which it believes was led by the owner of a legitimate small business , filed more than $ 75 million in fraudulent claims .
Exxon Mobil executives declined to be interviewed for this article .
Such a sanction would outlaw the essence of Microsoft 's business strategy -- bundling new kinds of software into Windows .
She noted that most of the payout would be tax deductible , and that litigation insurance was likely to cover some of Time Warner 's costs .
Boston Scientific said it estimated that if a deal was consummated , the combined company would have $ 10 billion in sales in 2007 .
''It absolutely screams in terms of speed , '' Mr. Anker said of his Umax SuperMac S900L model , purchased for about $ 3,000 -- some $ 500 less than a comparable Power Macintosh 9500 from Apple Computer would have cost .
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson declined to comment yesterday .
Speaking at Cisco 's annual meeting for financial analysts in Santa Clara , Calif. , John T. Chambers , above , the president and chief executive , declined to update his earlier prediction that sales this quarter would be flat or slightly up from last quarter , when Cisco reported revenue of $ 4.4 billion .
''There is a window of opportunity that the Airbus partners have to keep one step ahead of Boeing , '' he said .
Priceline has been retrenching after unsuccessful attempts to expand its ''name your own price '' approach from airline tickets to a range of other goods and services .
An affidavit from Steven Sinofsky , a manager at Microsoft , said that in late 1993 -- before the founding of its browser rival , the Netscape Communications Corporation -- the company was planning to include ''Integrated Net Browsing '' in Windows 95 .
Analysts said the report left lingering concerns about the cellphone unit , which is Motorola 's largest .
Until the reorganization takes effect , the present Microsoft is not to punish or threaten any computer maker for using , distributing , promoting , licensing , producing or selling any product or service that competes with Microsoft .
Maybe Microsoft would no longer be able to use prices as punishment .
Because the transaction is entered into the bank 's central accounting system via the Web , those funds can be used immediately in , say , a Wells Fargo investment account .
But by 2000 , Home Depot had promised to eliminate sales of lumber from environmentally sensitive areas and began giving preference to wood from forests that are managed in ways considered sound .
Many operate out of makeshift trailers out back , while Corning scrambles to double the number of scientists and add three acres to the overcrowded building .
Given the financial terms of Qwest 's bid , the negative reaction from MCI customers and other considerations , the board said it was unwilling ''to jeopardize the certainty of its Verizon agreement for the uncertainties surrounding the Qwest proposal . ''
He will also become chairman of the Citigroup International Advisory Board in 2006 .
Sean McManus , the president of CBS News and Sports , was concerned enough about the perception that Ms. Couric was losing ground that his representatives offered him up for interviews to The New York Times , among other outlets .
''For all the things Intel needs to work out , you 've got to have a perfect scenario , '' he said .
Last week , Morgan Stanley downgraded its rating of Union Pacific stock to underweight from equal weight , partly because of the operations problems .
As Cisco 's client base broadens to include small businesses tying into the Internet for the first time and other more brand-driven buyers , it recognizes the need to make itself more of a household name .
After that , Boeing and Airbus -- a joint venture of the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company and BAE Systems -- would have 15 months to carry out any recommendation .
Earlier this month , people were still getting e-mail messages calling for a boycott of Starbucks .
And earnings , Microsoft said , were expected to be 29 cents to 30 cents a share , excluding the 6 cent charge for stock compensation to employees .
Microsoft names Robert Muglia , a longtime executive , as group vice president of NET Services Group , its new .Net Internet strategy division ; photo ( S )
Some Dismay in Honeywell 's Hometown
Oracle 's total revenue for the third quarter was $ 4.41 billion , a 27 percent increase from $ 3.47 billion last year .
Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , called the new strategy ''a milestone in our work to build deeper customer connections and deliver a new generation of business software that works the way midsize companies really work . ''
''Clearly the Microsoft marketing machine has made NT a contender , '' said Andrew Allison , a computer-industry analyst , ''but nobody in their right mind would use NT for critical applications at this point . ''
Good jewelry used to be the domain of Tiffany and Harry Winston , and of men -- half guilty , half proud -- buying presents for their wives .
A.T. & T. officials refused to comment on the report of a possible agreement , though they readily acknowledged that talks have been under way with potential partners in Europe .
''The pipeline is n't particularly robust '' at Citigroup and its competitors for initial public offerings , Todd S. Thomson , Citigroup 's chief financial officer , said during the conference call yesterday .
Advantis , which I.B.M .
Correction of July 9 article on Microsoft 's decision to stop giving stock options to employees , regarding price of company shares at various times
In some cases , Microsoft was not able to identify the sender of the spam .
Apple reported a net profit of $ 44 million , or 8 cents a share , less investment and other one-time gains .
The major difference between processors from Intel and Transmeta is Transmeta 's decision to rely mostly on software both for emulating Intel 's chips and for power management .
At issue is a new Visa card , issued by Advanta , a big credit card company , that gives customers points in the American Express Membership Rewards program , depending on the size of their unpaid balances .
''I will never give Verizon another cent in my life , '' said Chiwoniso Kaitano , 25 , a graduate student at Columbia University from Zimbabwe .
American Express went big for them in 1997 and early 1998 .
Goodyear And Top Rival Cut Japan Tie
But the provision in the decree included the qualification that ''this shall not be construed to prohibit Microsoft from developing integrated products which offer technological advantages . ''
The deals that made Goldman Sachs rich also made many Chinese rich , a good foundation for friendship in any culture .
Creative , which is based in Singapore , knows from experience what it is like to compete with Apple .
General Motors can no longer be confused with General Electric .
Apple reported sales of 6.1 million iPod music players .
The issue , according to policy makers and economists , is to try to insure that Microsoft 's near-monopoly of PC operating- system software is not used to exercise what antitrust experts call ''chokehold control '' over the new markets of Internet software and Internet commerce .
Microsoft 's shares closed at $ 29.39 , up 4 cents , and fell 11 cents after hours .
Growing number of major companies are seeking profits from licensing their factory techniques ; Ford Motor Co , no longer content with $ 3 million that it reaps each year from licensing its manufacturing processes to other companies , recently appointed Damian Porcari , intellectual property lawyer , to be director of technology commercialization ; Porcari 's mission is to turn Ford 's intellectual property into $ 20 million per year business by 2005 ; Caterpillar now aggressively pushes its methodologies on Web , through its home page and through Yet2.com , Internet marketplace that Caterpillar partly owns ; Procter & Gamble has contracted KPMG Consulting to help find licenses for Power Factory , method of controlling quality and minimizing equipment breakdowns ; companies are no longer satisifed with processes yielding low costs and want them to yield high revenues ; photo ( M )
Since October , Verizon Wireless had been considering Lowe and its Interpublic sibling , McCann-Erickson , for the assignment to create additional campaigns featuring the character who asks , ''Can you hear me now ? ''
Nike 's announcement was one of the biggest victories thus far by the campus anti-sweatshop movement .
But Mr. Kuney challenged Mr. Gates 's assertion that what is good for Microsoft is good for the computer industry : ''Most people think when we have a monopoly that the interests of that firm are not always aligned with the interests of the industry , is n't that the case ? ''
Senator Orrin G. Hatch , the chairman , asked Mr. Gates repeatedly whether Microsoft imposed ''any limitation on content providers '' restricting them from promoting the Netscape Communications Corporation , Microsoft 's main rival in the browser market .
The Nike streaker commercial , which recreates a disruption at a British soccer match , was created by Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore .
Mr. DiTommaso would not disclose how much Wal-Mart is paying for the space , although he conceded that Wal-Mart was a tough client to bargain with .
Mattel also said it took two charges -- one for $ 27 million related to a recall of Power Wheels and the other $ 4 million to settle a lawsuit .
The American Express Company is putting a contemporary twist on a familiar campaign with the introduction this week of billboards in Los Angeles and New York promoting its green charge card .
For many years Mr. Redstone had viewed Ms. Redstone as his heir apparent , putting her on the boards of both Viacom and CBS .
Viacom announces departure of MTV Networks president and chief operating officer Michael Wolf and affiliate sales and marketing president Nicole Browning ( M )
The site 's ties to the behemoth sites of Microsoft , which funnel news-hungry audiences its way , are the envy of its rivals .
Correction of Nov 14 article about Raanan A Agus of Goldman Sachs ; rabbi quoted is Haskel Lookstein
Over the last few weeks , the chief executives of I.B.M. , Intel and Hewlett-Packard have addressed that debate directly with industry analysts .
The business problem of competing against Linux is far trickier for Microsoft than was thwarting the early Internet challenge from browsing software and Netscape Communications , the commercial pioneer in browsers .
Microsoft would also donate software upon request to eligible schools , from kindergarten through high school .
In a report this summer on the games business , a Banc of America Securities analyst , Gary L. Cooper , wrote : ''We have very low expectations for games of publishers with less-known brands , including Acclaim , Midway , Atari , Eidos , Vivendi ( except for Half-Life 2 , if released ) and even Microsoft ( apart from Halo 2 ) . ''
Mr. Levin said that Time Warner expected double-digit growth for the next two years , fueled largely by the cable business .
Investigators in the United States , France and Nigeria have been examining accusations that KBR -- the Halliburton engineering and construction unit that was formerly called Kellogg , Brown & Root -- was involved in making $ 180 million in illegal payments in the 1990 's to win a contract to build a natural gas complex in Nigeria .
So the opposing camp , like Microsoft , should make its case .
''Doug Daft is basically out to re-create the company with changes that are broad based and widespread , '' said John D. Sicher , editor and publisher of Beverage Digest in Bedford Hills , N.Y. , an industry newsletter that has closely followed the Coca-Cola revamping under Douglas N. Daft , the new chief executive .
Verizon first used McGarry Bowen to create a commercial remembering the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that ran in September .
But Suzanne Sobel , publisher of Martha Stewart Living , published by Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia L.L.C. , said there was nothing unusual in the magazine 's dealings with Gap Inc. ''We did n't see the ads prior to them delivering them , and they did n't see the editorial , '' she said .
And Time Warner Cable is the most technologically advanced and second-largest cable operator .
Sprint Nextel was notably missing from a government contract , the biggest ever , awarded in March to its three rivals -- AT & T , Verizon Communications and Qwest Communications .
Use of eminent domain to permit development of $ 160 million Best Buy corporate headquarters in Richfield , Minn , in 2000 is being cited to blunt criticism of Supreme Court 's decision in June reaffirming use of eminent domain to promote economic development ; project could have been blocked by one property owner , Walser Auto Sales , although it had broad community support ; city officials say headquarters has given big boost to aging community that had been steadily losing population since 1970 's ; property rights advocates see Best Buy case as troubling example of municipal overreaching ; map ; photo ( M )
Intel 's PC chip business still accounts for 85 percent of revenue .
Microsoft says a one-hour television program in high definition will take up about 2 gigabytes of the console 's standard 20-gigabyte hard drive .
Microsoft calls this optical technology Intellieye , which proves how dangerous it can be to let engineers name the baby .
Nadine Strossen , a professor of constitutional law at New York Law School and the president of the American Civil Liberties Union , said Wal-Mart was well within its rights to determine what it would sell on its shelves .
In a deal that is expected to be announced today , Merck will pay an initial $ 25 million to gain the exclusive rights to Neuromed 's family of drugs for chronic pain .
Procter also has Internet deals with America Online and Excite , while Unilever , a competitor , has deals with America Online and Microsoft .
Dasani was among $ 250 million in business shifted by Coca-Cola to Foote , Cone after the agency was dismissed by PepsiCo on $ 350 million worth of accounts that included a Dasani rival , Aquafina water .
International Business Machines Corp introduces new line of Thinkpad notebooks designed for individuals seeking all-in-one portable PC that can serve as replacement for desktop computer ; prices range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,499 ( State of the Art column ) ; drawing ( M )
In one stunning stroke , AT & T has transformed itself from the nation 's fifth-largest industrial company , with about $ 75 billion in sales last year , into three smaller , but still enormous , entities -- with projected sales of $ 49 billion .
In a statement about the contract with Mr. Crichton yesterday , the News Corporation 's deputy chief operating officer , Lachlan Murdoch , said that HarperCollins had become an increasingly vital part of the parent company 's print operations around the world .
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is considering the appeal of the antitrust ruling last spring against Microsoft .
Moreover , Xerox is growing deft at using alliances to provide the computer component of its offerings .
Donald Schiller , the lawyer for Joan Stonecipher , confirmed yesterday that Mrs. Stonecipher filed a petition on Thursday with the Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago , where Boeing is based .
Aetna shares rose $ 5.93 , or 13.5 percent , to $ 49.91 , leading a surge in health insurer stocks .
Warner-Lambert says earnings rose 37.8 percent , to $ 236 million in fourth quarter of 1997 , from $ 171 million a year earlier ; for the year , earnings rose 11 percent , to $ 870 million ; Schering-Plough says earnings rose 23.4 percent , to $ 343 million from $ 278 million in year-earlier period ; Merck & Co reports earnings rose 19.1 percent , to $ 1.24 billion from $ 1.04 billion in 1996 quarter ; for the year , earnings rose 19 percent , to $ 4.6 billion ; American Home Products says earnings rose 11.8 percent , to $ 572 million from $ 512 million a year earlier ; for the year , earnings rose 8.5 percent , to $ 2.04 billion ; chart ( L )
He had told analysts then that PeopleSoft had not been hurt by a takeover bid made in June 2003 by Oracle Corporation , its rival in the market for specialized business software .
Microsoft and Oracle are the two largest software companies in the world , competing in databases , programming tools and some business applications .
Boeing 's loss in the Joint Strike Fighter competition was expected to raise questions in South Korea about the wisdom of relying on Boeing for new jets .
International consortiumof oil companies that includes Exxon Mobil says it has discovered new oil and gas reserves in Kazakhstan sector of Caspian Sea ; seven-company consortium , which is led by Eni of Italy , says initial drilling indicates oil flow rate of 2,300 barrels per day ( S )
The online saturation ads for the LeBrons , in what are called home-page takeovers , will appear on Web sites that include -- in addition to espn.com and mtv.com -- Bet.com , CBSSportsLine.com , LebronJames.com , nba.com and nikebasketball.com .
''I wonder whether business-to-business could ever replace the cash flow that Kodak 's film , paper and processing used to produce , '' said Carol Levinson , director of research for Gim me Credit , a bond research company that just tagged Kodak bonds as among the 10 investment-grade bonds most likely to underperform in the next 12 months .
Spokesmen for Time Warner , Adelphia and Comcast declined to comment last night .
The Cigna Corporation reported second-quarter results yesterday that exceeded Wall Street 's estimates , with operating profits rising 58 percent , as a narrower loss in its property and casualty insurance business offset slightly weaker health care earnings .
The ratings agencies , Standard & Poor 's and Moody 's Investors Service , said that the banks ' troubles had not been resolved by an attempt in 1999 and early 2000 to shift $ 170 billion in nonperforming loans into asset management companies .
A Pfizer employee , Jessica Ortiz , who grew up across the street from the plant , said she hoped they will turn it into a museum .
Kenneth Burenga , the president of Dow Jones , who was recently selected to head the company 's efforts to turn around Telerate , said that Dow Jones would still support customers who use software from I.B.M. , Netscape and other Microsoft competitors .
As Apple has struggled to compete against Intel and the Microsoft Corporation , it has maintained strong support in the arts community .
He added that he expected Apple to continue to release new products in 2006 that would have a positive impact on its performance .
People close to Carnival said the officials were open to the possibility of a wider range , but approval was far from certain .
Vodafone 's appeal to A.T. & T. or any other potential buyer is as a pure play in cellular phone service , and as one of the most profitable companies in that industry .
Mr. Semel , who spoke with Mr. Boylan about his offer yesterday , refused to say whether Yahoo would make a hostile bid if its offer was rebuffed .
Leo Burnett Co is handling advertising campaign to reinvigorate General Motors Corp 's Oldsmobile division and woo Honda and Toyota buyers to Oldsmobile brand ; Oldsmobile will be spending about $ 150 milion this year on five campaigns ( L )
Amazon 's price-cutting strategy is much more difficult to carry out successfully in these areas than in books , music and video .
That group , which is financed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency of the Pentagon , is working closely with Intel .
Today Cisco shares rose $ 1.12 , to $ 20.37 , the highest close in seven weeks .
Oracle executives said the strong growth came from both database and application software .
Mr. Coughlin retired from Wal-Mart in January 2005 , but remained on the board until March , when he was ousted amid the assertions of alleged misuseappropriation of funds .
AT & T NETWORK SYSTEMS , a unit of American Telephone and Telegraph Co. , signed an $ 82 million contract to expand and upgrade cellular telephone service in the Philippines .
The Government 's suit does not try to block the shipment of Microsoft 's next-generation operating system , Windows 98 , which the company released to computer manufacturers today and which is to reach store shelves in June .
Even if the stock market 's swoon has a lasting effect on the underwriting business of the company 's Salomon Smith Barney securities unit , Mr. Weill said , Citigroup will prosper from global economic health .
Charts show Goldman Sachs participation in global buyouts as adviser or investor ( S )
Ms. Whitman added that the text ads would be restricted so they did not offer products that competed directly with eBay 's sellers .
Justin Timberlake did not attend Nickelodeon 's annual advertising presentation this month , but one of Viacom 's own ad sales executives , Jim Tricarico , took the stage to perform a rendition of the singer 's ''SexyBack . ''
Michelle Slatalla column on trying to use computer program designed to bypass Microsoft Corp start-up screen that is part of Windows operating system ; photo ( M )
Apple said it had not yet decided whether to introduce a version of the music player for computers with the Windows operating system , which is used by more than 90 percent of personal computer users .
Excerpts of interviews with Abby Joseph Cohen of Goldman , Byron R Wien of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Charles I Clough Jr of Clough Capital Partners on direction of economy and stock markets in 2002 ; say recovery in profits and stocks is coming , but it will be weak and slow ; photos ( M )
The deal , which calls for the two companies to cooperate on developing future versions of the audio and video technology , continues Microsoft 's effort to converge computing and television .
Compressed Data ; Motorola Organizes Cable Modem Conference
Texas law limits that award to $ 26 million , and Merck has vowed to appeal the case .
Microsoft has paid the fine of 497.2 million euros ( $ 600 million ) imposed on it by European antitrust regulators in March .
''When you connect the dots , you end up at a phone , '' said Charles Wolf , a financial analyst who follows Apple for Needham & Company .
Indeed , just the mention of those coming negotiations seemed to temper today 's jubilation , for many already think that they will have to pick up their picket signs once more against General Motors .
But if Iberia takes delivery of all 76 planes , Airbus would vault ahead of Boeing as the biggest provider to Iberia 's fleet .
Houston Mayor Lee P Brown steps in to prevent scheduled shut down of ABC television station , KTRK , by announcing that he has won agreement from ABC and Time Warner 's cable unit to extend their contract in Houston for seven days ; two companies have been locked in bitter dispute over transmission rights to station ( S )
GlaxoSmithKline and Bristol-Myers Squibb will return to original , deeper drug discounts that they had been offering to low-income elderly people after receiving letter from Bush administration stating government would not try to demand similar prices ; two companies on Oct 1 cut back on discounts they had promised to low-income people afer becoming concerned that federal officials would demand same discounts for government 's Medicaid program ; drug makers must offer Medicaid lowest price available to any buyer under federal law ( M )
Designing for Target and for other projects -- a watch for Movado , a camera case for Hewlett-Packard -- has enabled Mr. McCollough and Mr. Hernandez to develop their business more quickly than most fashion upstarts .
The shares of Xerox , which is based in Stamford , Conn. , recovered somewhat later in the day , closing at $ 5.88 , down 50 cents .
Later , Mr. Lanier asked about a teleconference paid for by Merck in which a doctor hired by the company overstated Vioxx 's safety to other doctors , according to an F.D.A .
To be sure , I.B.M .
The Apple report , available on the company 's Web site , noted : ''The team reviewed personnel files and hiring practices and found no evidence whatsoever of the use of child labor or any form of forced labor .
Motorola , which is in the midst of a corporate restructuring as the wireless communications market suffers , said in a statement released yesterday that it had grounds to appeal .
''Apple has basically locked in their users , '' Mr. Bernoff said .
Microsoft drew criticism last summer when it was discovered that its blog tool in China was designed to filter words like ''democracy '' and ''human rights '' from blog titles .
I.B.M .
After alerting analysts last month that its third-quarter earnings would exceed Wall Street 's expectations , the Microsoft Corporation reported results yesterday that surpassed their revised estimates .
Television industry experts say financial problems plaguing Apex Digital and Sichuan Changhong Electric Appliance Co , large Chinese television maker that produced most of television sets for Apex will not hurt conventional cathode-ray tube television industry ; say those sets , which are increasingly produced by low-cost makers in China and elsewhere , are so inexpensive that few companies can build stable business around selling them , yet many companies are still supplying market with cheap sets ; Apex , which has sold inexpensive sets through Wal-Mart , Circuit City , and other retail outlets , largely pulled out of low-end TV business in middle of last year ; Changhong said last month Apex owed it $ 467.5 million , and as result , it would post big loss for 2004 ; Apex 's chairman David Ji has been arrested by Chinese authorities and has been charged with fraud ; graph ; photo ( M )
The Molson Companies , Canada 's biggest brewer , may seek a buyer for its 80 percent stake in the Brazilian brewer Cervejarias Kaiser unless Kaiser 's fortunes improve markedly by January , Molson 's chief executive , Daniel J. O'Neill , said at the company 's annual meeting on Tuesday .
Supporting the commission 's arguments against waiving the remedies will be RealNetworks , the maker of audio and video playing software that tries to compete against Microsoft 's Media Player .
''We are going to take the route of improving our services and building value for shareholders , '' said William H. Donaldson , chief executive of Aetna , in a telephone interview .
Comcast 's sprawling reach -- it has 21 million customers -- will allow the partnership to reach parents and teenagers by channel and city .
News reports out of Asia in recent weeks indicate that Apple may have placed an order for an additional five million phones with Quanta Computer , a Taiwanese manufacturer that is a leading maker of laptop computers .
After undergoing surgery in late July for a rare form of pancreatic cancer , Apple Computer 's chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , left , is on the road to recovery and plans to return to full-time work later this month .
He was named to lead a new public relations agency group , which evolved into the Advanced Marketing Services division after Interpublic acquired True North Communications in 2001 .
Delta Air Lines ' business class will be in state of flux until summer 1999 on flights to Europe , Asia and Brazil as company reconfigures planes for new service called Business Elite ; carrier is replacing both first class and business class on routes ; 234-room Marriott Royal Hotel will open in Moscow near Bolshoi Theater on January 12 ; will be third in troika of Marriott hotels in Russian capital ; Airport Fitness , company that operates health club in Pittsburgh International Airport , will open second club in 1999 in Philadelphia ; Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide will begin frequent guest program , called Starwood Preferred Guest , in February 1999 ; Internal Revenue Service delays planned reduction of in reimbursement rate for business driving , after objections from several companies that wanted more time to convert computer software ( M )
Rubin 's Pay Is $ 15 Million , Says Citigroup Proxy Filing
Also yesterday , Microsoft said that David Cole would lead the personal services platform division , which will provide network services for the new business ; Brian MacDonald would develop premium services for the .Net effort ; and Kai Fu Lee , now at Microsoft 's research laboratory in Beijing , would head a new user interface technologies division .
's financing arm , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , or G.M.A.C. , was again a rich source of profits , particularly its mortgage lending business .
Dr. Campbell D. K. Rogers , chief technology officer of Cordis , Johnson & Johnson 's stent-making subsidiary , said that the preliminary tests combining the CoStar design with sirolimus had produced ''promising and extremely exciting data . ''
One reason behind the stock buyback , Mr. Gibara said , is to give Goodyear more flexibility in using its own shares for further acquisitions .
Credit Corporation , primarily to restore Kodak 's bleeding balance sheet to health .
Kodak shares , which have been sliding for a month , closed at $ 25.40 , down 90 cents or 3.4 percent .
Volkswagen , which competes fiercely with General Motors , particularly in Europe , is under heavy pressure to resolve the dispute .
Technology Column discusses how many disgruntled employees of Apple Computer Inc are lamenting style of leadership practiced by company 's board and three different chief executives in less than four years that has allowed its revolving door management leave with increasingly large sums of cash even as company 's losses mount and its share price falters ( M )
In a highly unusual move , Coca-Cola 's largest bottler plans a telephone conference call with analysts and investors today that a spokeswoman said was intended to clarify questions about pricing and strategy that first attracted attention at a beverage conference in New York earlier this month .
WPP Group acquires 35 percent stake in Ibope Media Information in Rio de Janeiro ; Cronin & Co acquires Synergy Marketing Solutions ; BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group adds additional 29 percent to its stake in Gitam/BBDO in Tel Aviv ( S )
In contrast to promising simply that its product will help prevent cavities , Procter is claiming that Pro-Health is the only toothpaste that protects against gingivitis , plaque , cavities , sensitivity and stains -- and freshens breath , too .
Analysts took Oracle 's new offer as a sign of the company 's determination to acquire PeopleSoft despite management 's opposition .
He is so devoted that in July 2001 , when he was interviewing for a job with Microsoft , he flew from Medford , Ore. , to San Francisco one morning and hurried back to Ashland for that evening 's performance of ''The Merry Wives of Windsor . ''
Pfizer said in court papers that more than 78 percent of Neurontin prescriptions in 2000 were written for unapproved uses .
At the House of Blues here , Microsoft is expected to introduce a technology called MS Audio 4.0 , the latest contender trying to replace the MP3 file format , the system of digital compression that lets music fans convert songs and other audio into computer files quickly and without restrictions .
Now that the Newmont Mining Corporation is poised to become the world 's biggest gold producer , through its pending acquisition of Normandy Mining Ltd. , the stage seems set to resolve an argument that has raged among members of the industry for the last decade : whether to hedge against a drop in the price of their product .
The results include a one-time loss of $ 131 million , or 5 cents a share , related to the nationalization of Venezuela 's main phone company , in which Verizon was a part owner .
The shifts , announced yesterday , came after Wunderman Cato Johnson in New York resigned because its parent , Young & Rubicam Inc. , was awarded the consolidated worldwide account of an American Express competitor , the Citibank consumer banking unit of Citicorp .
European division of General Motors consolidates media planning and buying duties for car and truck brands in 45 markets at Universal McCann , part of McCann Worldgroup ; billings estimated at $ 700 million ( S )
I found myself nodding in agreement Monday when Terry Urovsky , the vice president for interior design at Marriott International , mentioned that a ''sense of whimsy '' was an important component in tasteful physical surroundings , especially among Generation Xers .
The acquisition will add $ 1.6 billion to Procter 's roughly $ 39 billion in sales .
THE troubled Interpublic Group of Companies is taking its biggest , and riskiest , step yet as it strives to stimulate growth -- and stop client losses -- by increasing the appeal of its agencies to marketers .
The campaign is under the aegis of the Richards Group , the longtime Home Depot agency , and retains the familiar theme , ''You can do it .
Lawrence Rawl , 76 , Exxon 's Chief in Valdez Spill
Microsoft sees MSN as closer to an extension of its Office suite of programs than as a magazine or an on-line television channel .
Five developing countries make tentative commitments to put $ 150 laptop computers into hands of millions of students , with production in Taiwan expected to begin by mid-2007 ; nonprofit project One Laptop Per Child has won over many skeptics with design by chief technologist Mary Lou Jepsen which modifies conventional laptop displays , cutting screen 's manufacturing cost to $ 40 while reducing its power consumption by more than 80 percent ; detractors include industry giants Intel and Microsoft , which are pushing alternative approaches ; Intel has developed $ 400 laptop aimed at schools as well as education program that focuses on teachers instead of students ; Microsoft chairman Bill Gates , leading philanthropist for third world , questions wisdom of assuming that what is good for 'rich world ' is good for developing world , too ; Seymour Papert , computer scientist and educator who is adviser to One Laptop Per Child project , argues that children given computers will 'learn how to learn ' ; photos ; chart ( L )
Charles Wood of Notre Dame and Robert Kauffman of University of Minnesota reports some results of their study of behavior of bidders and results of online auctions through eBay ( S )
Judah Kraushaar , an analyst with Merrill Lynch , for example , estimates that Citigroup will earn $ 4.35 a share in 1999 .
Mr. Ha and two other workers in Nike 's Chang Shin factory complained of runny noses , which they said began soon after they started on the job there .
The new service , prominently featured throughout the eBay site , offers many of the same services as PayPal , but with the eBay imprimatur .
Unless their fortunes slide unexpectedly , Microsoft and Intel can expect to be under the watchful eye of Washington for some time .
Many railroad experts , with Conrail , CSX and rival Norfolk Southern Corp negotiating more or less equitable division of Conrail in the East , see creation of transcontinental railroads as next step in merger process that has swept rail industry since deregulation in 1980 ; if all goes as planned , there will soon be two major railroads in the West , Burlington Northern and Union Pacific , and two in the East , CSX and Norfolk Southern ; map ( L )
The commercials , by the Los Angeles office of Deutsch , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies , promote Mitsubishis as ''the best-backed cars in the world '' on the strength of the company 's new 10-year , 100,000 mile , powertrain warranty -- which covers engine and transmission troubles -- and a five-year warranty for everything else .
Less than four months after Verizon Communications agreed to acquire control of the NorthPoint Communications Group and barely a week after NorthPoint restated its latest financial results , Verizon pulled out of the deal yesterday .
Such sentiments , said Andrew I. Gavil , a professor of law at Howard University , reflect just how far Microsoft appears to think the pendulum of antitrust policy has swung in its direction .
''The organic revenue growth they produced was in line with expectations , which is for them a good thing , '' Mr. Russell said of the Interpublic managers , ''but WPP and Omnicom and Publicis exceeded expectations by about 1 percentage point .
The price is a 34 percent premium to the price of Kidde 's shares on Oct. 20 , the day before United Technologies said it was interested in the British company , but was lower than the 170 pence a share that some analysts said Kidde would bring .
General Electric chairman Jeffrey R Immelt , in announcing appointment of Jeff Zucker as president and chief executive of NBC Universal , says what could have been Zucker 's biggest vulnerability -- NBC 's plunge in primetime ratings starting three years ago while he led company 's television group -- actually worked to his advantage ; says he liked way Zucker handled tough times ; Zucker succeeds Bog Wright , chairman and chief executive of NBC Universal , who has led network since 1986 ; photo ( M )
ROBERT LUTZ , the cigar-wielding vice chairman and product czar for General Motors , has said that G.M .
Whether heartwarming or annoying , these product parables worked their way into the back of shoppers ' minds so that they would reach for the Charmin , or for other Procter brands like Crest or Tide , while rolling their carts down supermarket aisles .
By applying a thin slurry of carbon nanotubes on top of a conventional silicon chip , the I.B.M .
The announcement , to be made at a conference here Wednesday , sets up a potential confrontation between I.B.M .
Amazon.com introduces Japanese-language Web site offering more than 1.7 million Japanese and English book titles ; new site ( Amazon.co.jp ) will also include book reviews , recommendation lists and interviews with authors and translators ; photo ( S )
''I.B.M .
Oil companies and producers are concerned that terrorists could take aim at vast web of infrastructure that carries oil around world ; Western oil companies have been scrutinizing their oil wells , flow stations , pipelines and refineries for vulnerability to attack and sabotage , especially where substantial numbers are sympathetic to Osama bin Laden 's cause ; workers have been told to keep low profile ; unscheduled deliveries to oil facilities are being turned away ; oil companies , including Exxon Mobil and Unocal , shut their offices in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Oct 8 amid protests over American and British airstrikes in Afghanistan , and reopen on Oct 9 under tight security ; concerns are greatest in Persian Gulf , where countries that export 17 percent of world 's oil could become targets of sabotage by standing with West ; bin Laden has long vowed to topple rulers in his homeland of Saudi Arabia ; experts note that attacking country 's oil wealth would go long way to destabilizing royal family , at cost , though , of rending social safety net on which many Arab citizens depend ; photo ( M )
Microsoft Corp moves group that develops its Internet Explorer World Wide Web browser into business unit that develops and markets its Windows operating system ; issue of whether Internet Explorer is separate application or integrated part of Windows 95 is at heart of lawsuit filed by Justice Dept charging that Microsoft violated 1994 antitrust agreement ; reorganization is likely to raise eyebrows in light of suit ( M )
Helped by Fox , News Corp. 's Earnings Soar
To sidestep the wrangling , Interpublic may create a unit under which Draft and Foote Cone would be housed , similar to the unit under which McCann Erickson operates , called the McCann Worldgroup .
During that time , RealNetworks intends to promote its sales program for Rhapsody in partnership with the consumer electronics merchant Best Buy .
That broader plan , and yesterday 's cutbacks , are both responses to changes that are expected to rock the communications industry over the next few years -- in particular as AT & T and other long-distance carriers prepare for the regional Bell telephone companies to attack the $ 80 billion long-distance market .
Wells Fargo Bank reverses its position and says it will continue to support Macintosh version of Quicken software after receiving complaints from 7,000 on-line banking customers about its plan to ax Mac product ; photo ( S )
Mr. Koogle said Yahoo had been interviewing a number of candidates from media and technology companies for his position .
Moving to address concerns about the independence of stock analysts , the Goldman Sachs Group said yesterday that it would break its research department out of its investment-banking operation and place it under two newly appointed managing directors .
Laura Varn , a Southern spokeswoman , said : ''Any time a resolution comes before the annual meeting , it is something we take seriously . ''
In interviews , two other former Medtronic employees said that the company engaged in similar practices as recently as last year .
As with Ms. Roehm and Mr. Womack , Wal-Mart spared no detail in its case against Mr. Coughlin , who pleaded guilty to federal charges in the case .
Barnes & Noble and Random House announce separate plans to invest in new instant printing technology that will resurrect out-of-print titles and lead toward more electronic books ; Barnes & Noble strikes deal with IBM to provide print-on-demand equipment for its distribution centers ; Random House says it will invest in state-of-the-art equipment for its national distribution center in Westminster , Md ; has not yet reached deal with a manufacturer ( M )
Global Crossing Ltd. , Qwest 's telecommunications rival , agreed to buy Frontier , the nation 's fifth-largest long-distance phone company , in March .
Still , it is not clear whether Microsoft is ready to comply .
Time Warner Still Trying To Shed Debt
Merck pulled Vioxx from the market on Sept. 30 after acknowledging that studies had found a higher incidence of heart problems in people taking the drug .
After 50 years in Japan , Boeing says it has an 80 percent market share .
Saturn , based in Spring Hill , Tenn. , is part of the General Motors Corporation .
Taken together with the just under $ 275 million that the firm paid for a 15 percent stake in Avenue Capital , another hedge fund , the investments are a clear sign that Mr. Mack is serious about doing all that he can to close the wide gap that exists between Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley in this area .
While other Lotus executives , like Mitchell D. Kapor and Jim Manzi , had sometimes bitter and confrontational relationships with Mr. Gates , Mr. Ozzie had a more collegial relationship with Microsoft , the software company that came to dominate the PC industry in the 1980 's .
Roughly 70 percent of the people who used Yahoo 's auctions also visited eBay ; the reverse , however , held true for only 7.5 percent of eBay users , according to NetValue , which measures Internet traffic .
Spencer Eccles , chairman and chief executive of First Security , will likely be elected to the Wells Fargo board , the banks said .
In the third quarter of 2000 , Motorola 's share of sales fell 2.3 percentage points , to 13.3 percent , according to a study by Strategy Analytics , a consulting firm .
Other institutional advisory services , including Institutional Shareholder Services and Proxy Governance , have recommended that Interpublic shareholders re-elect the management slate , he said .
But its adoption of Linux came later and more reluctantly than other computer makers like I.B.M. , Hewlett-Packard and Dell .
For one thing , it is free of advertising , if you do n't count the entire Apple computer and e-mail address as one giant advertisement .
In addition to number of new hardware features , other newest option offered by Apple Computer for its popular iMac computer is variety of new colors ; photo ( S )
A PeopleSoft director said on Wednesday that he was surprised by the Oracle Corporation 's $ 7.7 billion hostile tender offer in June 2003 , but not averse to the idea , just to the $ 16 a share price .
Amazon 's stock declined 76 cents , to $ 46.17 , in regular trading yesterday , then fell $ 3.46 more , to $ 46.17 , after hours .
Merck 's stock closed unchanged .
It also comes as Amazon and other big online sellers are planning what are known as doorbusters , limited-supply sales of discounted items to attract shoppers .
But despite Mattel 's less-stellar numbers , analysts on a conference call congratulated Ms. Barad for a strong quarter , and the company 's stock gained even more -- $ 2.3125 to close at $ 28.25 .
Mr. O'Meally claims that an internal business review committee at Prudential initially vetted the program he used .
Microsoft executives counter that Internet Explorer , a World Wide Web navigation program , is not a separate product from Windows 95 , but an improvement to it , even though the two are often purchased separately .
With the fresh backing of John T. Chambers , Cisco 's chief executive , who had earlier opposed a takeover of the company , Mr. Volpi cut right to the chase .
Moody 's also said that the Brazilian government 's efforts to reduce the volatility of its debt burden were bearing fruit , helping to shield the country from swings in market sentiment or a sharp devaluation of its currency , the real .
Shareholders skidded right past the profit rise , focused on the sales drop and spent the day dumping Kodak stock .
For one , Mr. Mack has told the board that he wants the return of former Morgan Stanley executives who left the firm after a management shake-up in March .
Daniel Khoshnood , student at California State University Northridge , has been using microsoftnetwork.com as name for his company 's World Wide Web page ; and Microsoft Corp , which became aware of the address last last week , is trying to stop him ; some legal experts say Khoshnood 's use of domain name does seem to raise trademark and copyright issues ( M )
Just a month ago , with her job at Morgan Stanley , four years ' experience at Smith Barney and a law degree from Touro College , Ms. Baridis had bright prospects .
Mr. O'Brien said the top managers at Procter were ''encouraging us to think beyond traditional models , '' adding that when the ''Men With Cramps '' campaign was presented to them , ''they thought the humorous approach was just right . ''
Netflix has already used its data set to test the accuracy of its existing recommendation system , so it will be able to gauge the accuracy of each entrant 's set of predictions , executives said .
The agency was formed in late 1999 when Interpublic merged the Lowe & Partners Worldwide unit of Lowe with Ammirati Puris Lintas .
Shares of Boeing , which had risen sharply this week , fell 87.5 cents , to $ 46.75 .
PC sales , the foundation of Microsoft 's business , were strongest in the United States and Europe and weaker in Japan and Latin America , he said .
Sycamore 's main competition in optical networking is not Cisco but the giants of the communications industry , including Lucent , Nortel Networks of Canada and Fujitsu of Japan .
Mr. Bonsignore would use the resulting cash to reduce Honeywell 's debt-to-capital ratio , now a troubling 42 percent .
Dr. Peter Ringrose , president of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharmaceutical Research Institute , said that the consortium would use genome information to identify new drugs that would focus on those genes .
For years , regional banks have been seen as powerhouse performers , and Fifth Third Bank of Cincinnati was once the leader of the pack .
He said that the company was petitioning regulators in New Jersey and elsewhere for dialing parity , which would allow customers to place a short-haul call through AT & T by dialing the same number of digits as they do for connections by their local telephone company .
Intel said average selling prices of microprocessors were down in the second quarter as the company moved to regain market share in the low-priced PC segment .
The Accenture contract with Homeland Security , for a project aimed at creating a ''virtual border '' around the country to head off would-be terrorists entering the United States , would last five years , with five additional one-year options .
Spokesmen for Pfizer declined to comment .
A.T. & T. continued to lose ground to MCI in long-distance service .
Credit Suisse First Boston and AGM Partners are serving as financial advisers to General Electric and NBC .
Microsoft executives said that as part of the deal , they would license their Windows NT 4.0 server software to Qwest .
Today , citing ''significant progress '' in Nassau 's fiscal recovery , Moody 's again placed the county on its ''watch list for a potential upgrade '' and said it expects to follow through soon .
People close to VW 's board have made it clear that they were deeply frightened by the prospect of a court trial in the United States ; in its suit , General Motors has accused VW of racketeering , copyright infringement and industrial spying .
Hines , which manages the Morgan Stanley building at 1585 Broadway , recently bought Morgan Stanley 's building at 750 Seventh Avenue , in partnership with the General Motors Pension Trust .
I.B.M .
After the day 's court session , David Boies , the lead trial lawyer for the Justice Department , said that the Microsoft defense team 's focus on a proposed arrangement between Netscape and America Online was another attempt by Microsoft to ''change the subject . ''
If Microsoft wants to move scientists and engineers into its software environment , it will have to demonstrate compatibility and prove that it offers an easier environment in which to do parallel programming , he said .
His departure from Citigroup alone netted him a severance package valued at about $ 30 million .
The Apple store joins other music download sites that include Pressplay , MusicNow and MusicNet .
Burger King Corp unit of Diageo PLC is changing themes in its advertising for first time since awarding its account to Ammirati Puris Lintas unit of Interpublic Group of Companies in New York ; new theme is 'it just tastes better ' ( S )
Nonetheless , nearly all Kodak watchers see the need for change -- if not in people , then in strategies .
Will Goldman , Sachs & Company , already considered a potential merger partner for Citicorp , need to make a deal if it is to retain its place beside Morgan Stanley and Merrill Lynch in the troika of top investment banks ?
The results for the latest quarter were higher than projected by analysts , who had expected Exxon to report about 83 cents a share , according to First Call .
For example , Mr. Schmalensee had tried to make the case that Microsoft was charging too little for Windows -- something a monopolist was unlikely to do .
's ; the Jetport Gas Station and the Wal-Mart in Scarborough .
Motorola , based in Schaumburg , Ill. , also faces tough conditions in many of its telecommunications equipment businesses .
For example , they said it might take a year or more before investors like venture capitalists begin to finance potential competitors to Microsoft .
Ms. Nash said , however , that Yahoo 's biggest objective in its new policy was to give it more freedom to sell its own services rather than those of its advertisers .
Coca-Cola 's largest bottler said yesterday that it would not meet its growth target in the United States this year and that it was facing even bigger hurdles in another major market , Britain .
Verizon Communications , SBC Communications and BellSouth report surprisingly strong second-quarter earnings on strength of surge in new broadband sales and continued help from wireless phone units ; Verizon has net profit of $ 1.8 billion on revenue of $ 17.8 billion , up 6 percent ; adds 280,000 new broadband customers , for total of 2.9 million ; SBC adds 315,000 new high-speed lines in quarter , and BellSouth adds another 120,000 ; Comcast , cable provider , still leads with 5.6 million customers ( M )
DaimlerChrysler said its sales rose slightly in November from the month a year ago , while the Ford Motor Company 's sales showed a decline .
But the depth , breadth and geographic spread of I.B.M .
The appeals court directed the district court to impose a penalty based on the revised ruling that would restore competition , deny Microsoft the rewards of its illegal activity and prevent its repetition .
Boeing 's latest proxy filing discloses that Mr. Mulally , who is 53 , received restricted stock and stock options last year worth between $ 11.1 million and $ 19.6 million , depending on the future performance of company stock .
Today , A.T. & T. struck back with its own service -- called 1-800-OPERATOR .
Subsequently , the executives for the two companies met in Monterey , Calif. , in early February during the A.T. & T. Pebble Beach National Pro-Am golf tournament .
One result is that even the mainframe , once seen as a technological dinosaur and a corporate albatross for I.B.M. , has made a comeback .
Tod Nielsen , who oversees Microsoft 's relations with developers , played a videotape and offered an abundance of technical details that he said showed how Apple 's own programmers were to blame for the fact that the latest version of Quicktime did not work well with Windows .
News Corp. Plans to Follow Its Chief to the United States
The appointment was made by Peter Chernin , the president of the News Corporation , who said he had selected Mr. Mulligan for his financial expertise and his experience working with the creative community in Hollywood .
IBM offers updated line of ThinkPad notebooks that have protection against accidental falls , common occurrence ; photo ( M )
Comcast needs a cash infusion because offering more Comcast stock would not only depress its price but would still be less appealing than AT & T 's cash-and-stock offer .
Music industry executives in particular have complained about Apple 's control over the digital music market and its power to determine pricing of songs and albums .
There will be a mirror-image ownership structure in Japan , where Goodyear has maintained small marketing operations .
A year ago , when there were just rumors of a Boeing-McDonnell Douglas deal , it pushed a lot of this along because people knew they did n't want to be left behind . ''
Sun 's Java language has in recent years been viewed within the computer industry as the most significant threat to Microsoft 's control of millions of home and industry computer desktops .
Market Place column on Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc , largest bottler in Coca-Cola Co system ; says Coca-Cola Enterprises , which accounts for 65 percent of Coke 's domestic sales volume , will meet its goal of 10 percent growth in 1998 ( M )
Denver played host to Boeing executives by treating executives to buffalo meat and eggs at the Governor 's Mansion , where Mr. Elway , the former Broncos quarterback , played top booster among a Who 's Who in the business elite .
I.B.M .
Intel and J.P. Morgan Chase to Expand Indian Operations
Analysts are not all convinced that the Carnival Corporation will succeed in buying Princess Cruises , but neither do they think it is a pipe dream , especially since Carnival confirmed that it had held talks with the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company , Princess 's British owner .
''In-program opportunities start to break through all the clutter in the marketplace , so we are pushing to find more and more as part of our desire to intersect more and more with our consumers ' daily lives , '' said Peter Sterling , vice president for United States marketing at the McDonald 's Corporation in Oakbrook , Ill .
When Mr. Nardelli was hired in December 2000 , he was seen as a strong leader who could help restore Home Depot to the luster it enjoyed in its early years .
I.B.M .
Home Depot recruited Robert L. Nardelli , and 3M took W. James McNerney Jr .
Two years ago , Kodak set aside $ 3 billion for purchases , and $ 1 billion remains .
But Microsoft was also beginning to sell a competing product , Windows .
I.B.M .
Doubling the number of seats does not come close to doubling costs , said Joseph W. Ozimek , Boeing 's director for commercial airplane product marketing .
Yet the America Online strategy , according to executives close to the company , also calls for its software , developed with Sun , to play a central role in bringing it into new markets that compete directly with Microsoft .
IBM 's Deep Blue computer defeats world chess champion Gary Kasparov , decisively winning sixth and final game of match in 19 moves ; Kasparov says he lost his fighting spirit ; is bitter over computer 's perceived advantages and ashamed of his poor performance ; defeat marks first time any chess champion has been beaten by machine in traditional chess match ; decisive conclusion of game overshadows debate over meaning of computer 's success , with grandmasters and computer experts alike praising match as great experiment , invaluable to both science and chess , while expressing amazement at Kasparov 's abrupt crumpling ; photos ( M )
Although Smart Suite has often been praised by reviewers and users as a cleaner , less-cluttered alternative to Microsoft 's Office 97 , Microsoft 's ability to tie the applications to the Windows operating system has proved an unbeatable advantage .
After years of speculation that Morgan Stanley would shed its Discover credit card business , the company said last night that it planned to officially sever those ties .
Ray Ozzie , the computer programmer who created I.B.M .
Apple Computer said Thursday that it was recalling 1.8 million batteries from some models of its laptop computers because of a risk that they could overheat and catch fire .
There is no question that Xerox has jumped feet first into the digital arena .
NASD also noted that some executives at Morgan Stanley worked to keep the contests they were promoting and participating out of the public eye .
DASH FOR DELHI -- As demand for travel to India surges , Continental Airlines and American Airlines are starting nonstop service between the United States and Delhi .
And Oracle lawyers succeeded in the PeopleSoft case in convincing a judge that the enterprise software market was robust .
Boeing also agreed to pay Mr. McNerney a supplemental pension , currently valued at $ 22 million , in two lump sums .
This time , analysts expected a lot more and Kodak delivered a lot less .
And Microsoft says that the Apple deal must be seen in the context of its patent disputes throughout the 1990 's , after a jury ordered Microsoft to pay $ 120 million to Stac Electronics Inc. in a patent case .
I.B.M .
Even people who use computers based on Microsoft Windows should be cheered , because Apple is doing a better job than any other PC company today at bringing excitement and innovation back to an industry that has often been boring and beige .
''Introducing a Windows-based software initiative that Microsoft does n't support .
Mr. Greene 's appointment is McDonald 's latest attempt to recast itself as a purveyor of healthy food in the face of criticism that fast-food companies have contributed to the increasing number of obese people .
But times have changed , and even Procter , the nation 's largest advertiser , is looking to push the envelope with viral campaigns online .
''Too many times , I.B.M .
Apple Reports Earnings Gain but Disappointing Sales
Rebecca Higbee , a spokeswoman for Merck in West Point , Pa. , said DDB Needham New York , part of Omnicom Group , was awarded the assignment after a five-month review among four shops that have not been Merck roster agencies .
I.B.M .
Motorola 's shares rose yesterday , finishing up 19 cents at $ 16.91 .
At I.B.M .
Pfizer 's letter , sent Monday , forbids pharmacies to export its products .
To develop new technologies , Microsoft has reached into its deep coffers : a cash balance of $ 12.3 billion .
Twice last year , Lowe lost duties on smaller Coca-Cola soft-drink brands ; those brands , Diet Sprite and Fresca , were awarded to Fallon McElligott Berlin in New York , an affiliate of the Minneapolis agency Fallon McElligott .
News Corporation officials denied the rumors .
As an old-line newspaper mogul and veteran of many British newspaper battles , Mr. Murdoch is well aware of the importance of retail distribution for his products .
The I.B.M.-Cisco collaboration is an effort to create certain standards for systems management technology -- essentially creating a common language for naming and reporting the routine actions of computer systems and the failures that occur .
FCB/Leber Katz Partners of New York has further expanded its relationship with AT & T after being awarded the lead creative role on AT & T 's giant consumer long-distance account in November .
Credit Suisse First Boston analysts reduce earnings estimates for 2001 and 2002 for Interpublic Group of Companies , Omnicom Group and WPP Group ( S )
Though AT & T has infrastructure in 30 European countries , in most cases it is modest .
Excluding investment gains , Oracle reported earnings of $ 926 million , or 31 cents a diluted share , up 76 percent from similarly adjusted earnings of $ 527 million , or 18 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
A.T. & T. and Novell have signed up more than 40 software developers to write applications software for their product , which analysts said would give it widespread acceptance .
For months , James L. Barksdale , the president of Netscape Communications , the commercial pioneer in software used to browse the Web , had been growing increasingly irritated by what he regarded as the bare-knuckle tactics Microsoft deployed against his company .
It proved to be a road map for a successful career in automotive design , capped on Oct. 1 by Mr. Welburn 's ascension to vice president for North American design at General Motors .
But competitors are trying to gain on I.B.M .
''If the U.S. construction market slows down we 've been telling people , 'Look , we are not a U.S. construction industry business , ' '' said F. Lynn McPheeters , chief financial officer at Caterpillar .
Earlier this month , A.M.D. , based in Sunnyvale , Calif. , filed a broad antitrust suit against Intel , accusing Intel of using illegal business tactics like discriminatory rebates and subsidies to prevent customers from using A.M.D .
If Rex W. Tillerson has his way , Exxon Mobil will no longer be the oil company that environmentalists love to hate .
''From an advertising standpoint , it would be easier and more motivating '' to let people ask for what they want , said Paul D. Woidke , the vice president of technology at Comcast Spotlight , the cable company 's advertising wing .
U.S. V. MICROSOFT
And if instability in Asia spreads to Europe and North America and if oil prices rise , putting more pressure on airlines , some of the orders that Boeing now counts as firm may not remain so .
That just happened to be the same place where Craig Mundie , a senior vice president at Microsoft and one of the company 's chief software strategists , had disparaged Mr. Stallman 's pet project , the General Public License , and sparked a debate in Internet chat rooms .
Wal-Mart , seeking additional ways to burnish its tarnished image , is turning to a new realm : reality TV .
Those constraints are expected to ease in the second half as new capacity comes on line and Intel introduces its Pentium 4 chip , which has been developed under the code name Willamette .
''The idea is to take what 's best of the PC-like experience '' and put it into ''what historically has been a very dumb device , '' said Bob Chlebowski , executive vice president for distribution strategies at Wells Fargo Bank , which has already Web-enabled 600 of its 6,500 teller machines .
Two and a half years ago , a similar flaw in the original Pentium chip caused a crisis for Intel when the company initially stonewalled customers only to later relent and offer refunds .
The other part of the deal announced yesterday is more straightforward : Google will sell advertising that will appear on eBay pages outside of the United States .
Erik Strommen , a developmental child psychologist who had been trying to find ways to make computers more accessible to small children , was working at the Children 's Television Workshop , the home of ''Sesame Street , '' when Microsoft approached him about working on Barney in 1996 .
Simplifying these complex tasks , Mr. Jobs insists , plays to Apple 's strength as an integrated supplier of hardware and software .
Owners of three hotels in New Orleans by Ritz-Carlton sue Ritz-Carlton and its owner Marriott International , accusing them of financial mismanagement and deceptive business practices ; suit , filed by Whitehouse Hotel Limited Partnerhips and related entity W H Holdings , also seeks temporary restraining order against Marriott to prevent it from taking over management of New Orleans Grand Hotel , which is separately owned ; Marriott in coming weeks plans to operate hotel under its luxury J W Marriott ; Whitehouse Hotel and W H Holdings own Iberville Suites and Maison Orleans hotels in area ; Ritz-Carlton Hotel Co also manages those two hotels , although Ibervile Suites does not use Ritz brand name ; W H and Whitehouse Hotel accuse companies of mismanaging their properties to increase Marriott 's profits , and not their own , as they say Ritz-Carlton has fiduciary responsibility to do under its management contracts ( M )
Mr. Nardelli received $ 63.5 million in salary , bonuses , and other compensation , including $ 21 million in forgiven loans and company-paid taxes during his career at Home Depot .
That is one big lesson from Morgan Stanley , where Philip J. Purcell , the battered chief executive , announced yesterday that he would leave the company after a sustained bout of ''personal attacks '' from a group of former executives who waged a lengthy campaign to oust him .
''We could make the world 's highest-resolution throwaway digital camera and sell it for the price of a similar Kodak system . ''
Jacques A. Nasser , the chief executive of the Ford Motor Company , will probably be out of a job by the end of the year , according to a person close to the company .
But at some , including Pfizer and Merck , the largest and third-largest American companies in terms of revenue , sales are stagnant and profits are falling , leading to layoffs and -- for the first time in years -- cuts in research budgets .
Aetna names Grey Worldwide to handle creative part of its advertising account , with billings estimated at $ 40 million to $ 50 million ; that assignment had been shared by McKinney & Silver ; McDonald 's Corp names Tribal DDB Worldwide as its American interactive agency , to handle digital strategy , technology marketing and e-commerce efforts ; spending has not been determined ( M )
This is the third of a series of television commercials in which Microsoft 's leaders describe the company 's values and its importance to the economy .
Procter & Gamble does not profit from the shortage of Prilosec OTC , because it does not make or market Nexium .
Germany 's Infineon Technology may be competing with Micron Technology in bid to take over Hynix Semiconductor ( S )
Web sites from United States Postal Service , FedEx and United Parcel Service offer consumers many choices for shipping holiday parcels ( M )
Priceline , which has dismissed about 35 percent of its staff since November , said its loss narrowed to $ 6.25 million on that basis , or 3 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 7.28 million , or 4 cents a share , a year earlier .
And because the 747 has no competition , it is the source of an outsized share of Boeing 's airplane profits .
And it is a course that some experts say may still be worth emulating -- if the industry is going to be driven by innovation rather than by the sort of in-fighting that now finds Microsoft under threat of antitrust suits over its use of its Windows operating system standard as a proprietary tool both to control markets and to leverage its way into new ones .
Boeing calculates that demand over the next 20 years for jetliners in the 400-passenger and up category will amount to ''fewer than 400 , '' he said .
When a taxpayer files electronically through TurboTax , the information goes first to Intuit 's data center , where the file is batched with others and then sent to I.R.S .
Also expected in the mix is an improved version of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser that can block annoying pop-up advertisements and stymie spyware programs that try to install themselves on the computer .
Microsoft persuaded Tom Brokaw , through his connection with MSNBC , to make the opening day presentation .
Executives of Earthlink , Comcast , Yahoo , Google and Microsoft 's MSN service , testifyting before House Energy and Commerce subcommittee , present somewhat less than united front in addressing proposals to combat online child pornography ; lawmakers express interest in writing legislation to compel service providers to preserve identifying data about customers ' online activities for at least one year ; AOL , Yahoo , Microsoft , Earthlink and United Online have pledged joint fight against pornography ( M )
In October , Apple began selling its own MP3 player , the iPod , which has been well received and is widely viewed as a model for future Apple digital peripherals .
Durk I. Jager lasted 17 months at the helm of Procter & Gamble , resigning last month after the shortest tenure of any chief executive in the company 's 163-year history .
The credit card business in Britain is similar to the way the United States market was in the 1980 's , said Patrick Nelson , corporate communications manager for Capital One .
Omnicom Group names Susan Smith Ellis executive vice president ( S )
Texaco , with $ 45.2 billion in sales last year , would trail far behind the new colossus of Exxon Mobil , which had combined sales of $ 201.6 billion last year , and other giants like Royal/Dutch Shell Group and British Petroleum , now in the process of taking over the Amoco Corporation .
Mr. Hollander , who did not return phone calls seeking comment , is said to have been unhappy with the leadership of CBS 's chief executive , Leslie Moonves .
The News Corporation proposal , which has never officially been made public , is complicated , according to executives close to the talks .
Since January , when it offered $ 27 billion to wrest Guidant from a competing bidder , Johnson & Johnson , Boston Scientific has seen warning signs that the market for heart defibrillators , Guidant 's main revenue generator , may be cooling off .
Alexandra Trower , a Bank of America spokeswoman , said : ''We take this matter very seriously .
Alongside the expense review that Mr. Druskin is leading , Citigroup 's new chief financial officer , Gary L. Crittenden , is reviewing the company 's overall finances and operations .
Because it has been swallowing the installation costs , Verizon is eager to use the fiber to start selling television programming , which analysts say will be comparable in price to many basic cable packages .
Under the agreements signed today , AT & T said it would invest $ 150 million in the next two years .
The merged division , known as Amplify , will be based in Los Angeles and work primarily for the Ford Motor Company .
That 's partly because its light sensor is more sensitive , and partly because it has a focus-assist lamp that works in dark conditions where the Kodak simply makes a blurry guess .
AT & T and MCI were attractive takeover targets because they were the two largest suppliers of telecommunications services to businesses .
The plaintiffs include four unionized California supermarket workers who say that they suffered cuts in pay and benefits because of competition from Wal-Mart 's low prices .
But while the financial and operational overhaul was extensive , marketing also played a strategic role in I.B.M .
For others , it was not so much the arrival of Macy 's but the displacement of Field 's that disturbed them .
The humorous campaign , with a budget of $ 3.25 million , is the first for Adobe from the agency it hired in November , Goodby , Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco , a division of the Omnicom Group .
Seeking to keep up with trends in the design and technology of new phones , Motorola took a pretax charge of $ 68 million mainly from discontinuing old wireless products and curtailing manufacturing operations .
Lawyers for the two sides are scheduled to meet again next week to resolve the remaining issues concerning what information Morgan Stanley will have to make available to the commission as it conducts its investigation .
European Commission stops clock in its investigation of software maker Oracle 's bid to take ove rrival PeopleSoft ; commission asks for more information ; March 30 deadline for ruling will be rescheduled once investigation resumes ( S )
To many analysts , the deal appeared to be a slap in the face to both the NCR Corporation , the AT & T computer unit , which will be spun off later this year , and AT & T Solutions , a division of the services company that will retain the AT & T name when it , too , is spun off .
AT & T Is Calling to Ask About TV Service .
Intel is renowned for the raucous way its executives thrash out disagreements ; Mr. Otellini stands out as more soft-spoken .
It is the kind of problem that Kenneth D. Lewis has been trying to avoid since he became chief executive of Bank of America in April 2001 .
General Motors has about 220,000 hourly workers .
During the 1990 's , Cisco , which is based in San Jose , Calif. , forged relationships with smaller telecommunications startups , many of which are now defunct , rather than the traditional telecommunications companies like BellSouth .
Johnson & Johnson announced the trial results before stock trading began yesterday , saying it would drop plans to seek federal approval to sell Conor 's stent , known as the CoStar , in the United States .
The program will be a watershed in Microsoft 's effort to dominate the Internet .
The changes in the Morgan Stanley index have led to some dubious investment decisions , according to Bill Kaye , the senior managing director of the Pacific Group , a hedge fund in Hong Kong .
Microsoft 's alternative decree is plainly inadequate in all three respects .
Despite Wal-Mart 's withdrawal , demand in Orange County is still brisk among companies looking for either industrial or distribution space , local officials and real estate executives say .
In his statement , Mr. LeFrak said that according to a survey done by his company , 82 percent of Newport 's residents said they wanted a Target store in the area .
So , analysts say , the efficiency gains appear to be what I.B.M .
Comcast , the nation 's largest cable company , said yesterday that it would offer its customers a video recorder service from TiVo , news that helped send TiVo 's shares up nearly 75 percent .
Visa and MasterCard were scheduled to go to trial this week in a class-action lawsuit brought by Wal-Mart , Sears and other retailers in 1996 .
PepsiCo , whose brands include Gatorade and Rold Gold pretzels , reported net income of $ 805 million , or 46 cents a share , up from $ 667 million , or 37 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
BP paid about $ 7 billion last year for 50 percent of TNK , a joint venture with Tyumen Oil , and the ConocoPhillips deal comes on the heels of a $ 1 billion investment by Total in the gas producer Novatek , as well as agreements to explore future partnerships between ChevronTexaco and Gazprom , and Statoil of Norway and Gazprom .
Urban , A.T. & T. 's United States corporate advertising manager , said : `` We are reinventing how we talk about ourselves , re-presenting ourselves .
Microsoft Set for Another Move In Forging Links to the Internet
Amazon will market automobiles through an alliance with Greenlight .com , a privately held online company owned by several big chains of auto dealerships and by various venture capitalists .
And based on everything we know about the company , a Wal-Mart bank would almost certainly make life difficult for the Citigroups of the world and bring down A.T.M .
''You do n't just turn the switch and overnight increase your production levels , '' said Wade Cornelius , vice president for business development and global strategy for Boeing Commercial Airplanes in Renton , Wash .
That had not been the image of CBS News previously .
In August , at an industry analysts ' meeting in Seattle , Microsoft officials denounced Sun and said Microsoft would never be forced to provide a competing operating system .
Jef Raskin , 61 , Developer of Apple Macintosh
In addition , James Barksdale , the president of Netscape , has said that the ''singular act '' that prompted him to personally complain to the Justice Department was Microsoft 's threat to terminate the Windows license of the Compaq Computer Corporation if it did not bundle Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser with the operating system .
The incident is the latest chapter in escalating public relations battle between Wal-Mart and its critics .
Reflecting the current vogue in ergonomic design , the Microsoft mice , particularly the Explorer , are all curves .
For example , Tropicana , one of International Paper 's big packaging customers , occasionally complains that some of its orange juice cartons burst as they were being trucked to food stores .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co and Nomura Securities International agree to pay total of $ 117.5 million to Orange County , Calif , latest settlement related to largest municipal bankruptcy in nation 's history ; Morgan Stanley agrees to pay $ 69.6 million ; Nomura will pay $ 47.9 million ; settlement brings Orange County 's total recovery from lawsuits to $ 739 million ( M )
Other companies , like General Motors , Ford , DaimlerChrysler and Verizon , have given workers a bonus rather than a pay raise this year , a potential brake on pension obligations that are often based on wages or salary .
''The joke going around here after their conference calls was that Goldman must have been on the opposite side of Morgan Stanley 's and Lehman 's fixed-income trades , '' during the quarter , Mr. Hintz said .
I.B.M .
For example , Home Depot 's share of the rug and carpet market fell during the quarter , despite healthy demand from customers .
Much of Microsoft 's hope for growth depends on moving beyond the PC desktop and making greater inroads into the large , lucrative market for software in corporate data centers .
Another is dropping off packages at the shipping companies ' retail outlets , such as a UPS Store , FedEx Kinko 's or the post office .
Unilever 's consolidation reflected , in part , the urgency that manufacturers feel to reduce distribution costs in response to pressures from Wal-Mart and other big-box retailers .
Wal-Mart is seeking regulatory approval to buy a tiny California bank , saying it hopes a banking license will lower its processing costs for certain transactions .
Although the World Health Organization says that kidney disease ranks low on the long list of illnesses that afflict Africans , Mr. Ivester said he had spent time with scientists who specialized in the issue , and ''some of them will tell you Coca-Cola does a great service because it encourages people to take in more and more liquids . ''
Morgan Stanley has been embarrassed by a series of regulatory fines and unseemly legal battles during the time that Donald G. Kempf , a close ally of Mr. Purcell , has presided over the department .
LEADERS of the troubled Interpublic Group of Companies yesterday told Wall Street for the third time in three and a half weeks that they could not determine when they would be able to release financial results for 2004 , which were due to be filed last month .
Correction : October 7 , 2006 , Saturday An article in Business Day on Thursday about irregularities in stock option grants at Apple Computer included an erroneous reference to Microsoft in a discussion of other companies with such problems .
America Online , part of Time Warner , is dividing its interactive account , with billings estimated at $ 55 million to $ 60 million ; Atmosphere , part of BBDO Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group , will continue to handle strategic and creative duties ; Digitas will handle online media buying and planning , which had been handled by Doner on project basis ( S )
Ms. Druyun is serving a nine-month prison term for steering Air Force business to Boeing while she was negotiating with the company for jobs for herself and members of her family .
When the Mexican peso crashed in December 1994 , Morgan Stanley had some nervous moments before it confirmed that it indeed had been paid for some Mexican derivatives transactions that closed before the bad news hit , Mr. Partnoy writes .
AT & T chairman-chief executive Edward E Whitacre Jr is being credited with transforming Southwestern Bell , smallest of seven Bell telephone companies when he took it over in 1990 , into SBC , telecommunications giant that acquired AT & T and took its name ; AT & T 's changing profile has positioned it for cellular , broadband and video services as well as landline calling ; Whitacre comments on challenges ahead ; chart ; photo ( L )
Omnicom Group agrees to form holding company specializing in e-services consulting with Pegasus Partners II LP ; move is intended to help Omnicom regain value from its investments in smaller agencies , which have suffered severe stock price declines in last year ( S )
And I.B.M .
Representatives of the General Motors Corporation and the Canadian Automobile Workers union were unable to resolve tonight a few remaining issues in a 19-day strike , as G.M .
Alex J. Mandl , who has been head of AT & T 's huge Communications Services Group since 1993 , will be president and chief operating officer of the new company .
''Frankly , there have been discussions and we have looked at this capacity of our plant for some time , '' said Gerald M. Levin , Time Warner 's chairman .
Aetna Inc rejects $ 9.9 billion takeover offer from Wellpoint Health Networks and ING Group , and announces plans to split company into independent health care and financial services organizations , with each having its own stock ; will sell some overseas health care units and use money to help reduce debt and buck bay stock later in year ; securities analysts say move is unlikely to satisfy investors , who have been clamoring for breakup of company and sale of various divisions , possibly in auction ; graph ( M )
This year Cisco stock has fallen nearly a third from its peak in March of $ 82 a share .
Of course , Pfizer has long been successful at licensing other companies ' drugs .
AT & T 's brand name is incredibly valuable .
BRAZIL APPROVES CITIGROUP MANAGEMENT SHAKEUP
''I can not discuss the conduct of either the confidential informant or the officials at Morgan Stanley as that is a matter under investigation . ''
Continuing a recent pattern of weak results , the Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its first-quarter net income fell 13 percent as the company struggled to expand its business .
Some mail programs like Apple Mail can handle both IMAP and POP .
Ron Harper , an Allstate agent in Thomson , Ga. , who is among the agents who filed complaints with the agency , said that no agents were included in the talks .
All told , manufacturers like Nike , Champion , Adidas and Gear for Sports produce $ 2.5 billion worth of goods each year bearing the names of hundreds of colleges .
Mellon Bank , with assets of $ 41 billion , is based in Pittsburgh .
The team , led by the Micron chairman , Steven Appleton , was expected , however , to encounter difficulties in reaching agreement on a price .
SBC Communications said yesterday that Yahoo would produce browsers for cellphones , televisions and other devices that deliver SBC services .
Cisco also explained how it had made some financial estimates in its filings today .
The last time CBS was forced to replace a marquee talent , it struggled .
A front-page article yesterday about the merger agreement between the Exxon Corporation and Mobil Corporation misattributed a statement disclosing the first discussions held by the companies with the Federal Trade Commission .
With yesterday 's projections , Microsoft expects growth to slow to about 6 percent in the current quarter , compared with a year earlier .
And that , in a nutshell , is the chasm Microsoft must cross as it endeavors to switch business users , large and small , to a new , more powerful operating system that it says offers a host of benefits , ranging from added stability for mission-critical business centers to better power management for battery-hungry laptops .
The move announced yesterday by Microsoft involves translating the Java programming language , which is only a part of the Java platform , Sun officials said .
Early openings , deep discounts and resurgent department stores appeared to give merchants at mall edge over discount retailers during Thanksgiving holiday weekend , reversal of fortune from 2005 ; ShopperTrak RCT , which measures purchases at 45,000 mall-based stores , finds that sales for day after Thanksgiving rose 6 percent from year ago , to $ 9 billion ; Wal-Mart , nation 's biggest discount chain , estimates sales in November , including Black Friday , fell 0.1 percent , below its expectations ; retail analysts say mall stores pushed their openings by as much as six hours , to 12 am , and offered bigger early-morning discounts than last year ( M )
''Our first impression of Mr. Blake , '' Mr. Rowen said , ''is that he is politically astute , which is something the Home Depot board desired after Mr .
The lion 's share of last year 's payments , $ 1.2 billion , went to Coca-Cola Enterprises .
In the last year , Texas Instruments has sold its military division and faltering laptop business .
The annual meeting in Lincoln , Neb. , where Pfizer has a large animal health manufacturing plant , featured a presentation by Hank McKinnell , the chief executive , who said that the company had ''more than turned the corner '' in research and development .
Microsoft contends that the $ 3.1 billion deal , announced on Friday , would hurt competition in the fast-growing market for advertising on the Web and raises questions about how much personal information would be collected by Google , already a dominant player in online advertising .
Ford Motor Co reports sales of its cars and light trucks rose 7.3 percent in September , compared with year ago , contributing to stronger-than-expected gain for auto industry last month ; over all , auto makers ' sales in United States rose 5.9 percent in September ; sales of sport utility vehicles , mini-vans and pickup trucks were up 12.5 percent , and car sales edged up 1.6 percent ; some analysts say strong sales signal that sales would decline later this year ; best-selling car for model year , which ended Sept 30 , is redesigned Ford Taurus , which has now held that title for four consecutive years ; charts ( M )
The Gap and Sears , for example , have developed special investigative teams trained to spot the crime rings , and the industry holds annual conferences to share strategies for fighting the problem .
Intel has already labeled it ''Fab 68 , '' the $ 2.5 billion chip-manufacturing plant that is set to become the company 's first major production site in Asia .
Twelve years ago when Hurricane Andrew pummeled South Florida , 11 small insurance companies went out of business and the giants in home insurance , State Farm and Allstate , were staggered .
To steal usable credit information , hackers would have to break into American Express ' servers , which presumably would be more difficult than hacking into a small online merchant , Ms. Degove said .
With sales falling short of expectations , Amazon.com said yesterday that it had received a $ 100 million investment from AOL Time Warner .
''I.B.M .
Apple also contends that a substantial percentage of iMac customers are either first-time computer buyers or born-again Macintosh users who lost faith , joined the Windows camp and are coming home .
Mayor Michael R Bloomberg of New York City is rushing to get old municipal bonds refinanced in order to save $ 500 million a year for next five years ; State Legislature agreed to pick up bill , but Gov George E Pataki is against plan because it will cost state $ 5 billion over next 30 years ; Goldman Sachs , lead investment banker on deal , is working hard to market bonds before Pataki takes action ( M )
Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank reported a loss of $ 344 million in the quarter because of the special charge the company took to cover the regulatory settlement and potential legal liabilities .
Federal Communications Commission grants request by AOL Time Warner to drop restrictions on adding video to its AOL instant messaging service until it allowed users to communicate with other services ; AOL and its rivals Microsoft and Yahoo are racing to add voice and video connections ; decision is of most concern to consumer advocates who hope instant messaging services develop interconnections for users of different systems to send instant messages to one another ; FCC imposed restrictions when AOL acquired Time Warner two and half years ago ( M )
The future of other divisions , especially the Dean Witter brokerage unit , could rest on what a new chief executive believes ails Morgan Stanley .
America Online 's acquisition of Netscape Communications Corp marks company 's entry into entirely new market , in which it will work behind-the-scenes to help corporations open and operate online stores ; has already created software that made it player in providing support for electronic commerce , and now plans to offer wider array of software , consulting and services for online merchants in big and growing market ; Forrester Research estimates $ 325 million will be spent on electronic commerce software and additional $ 5.3 billion on services that range from graphic design to turnkey operation of entire online stores ; estimates combined market for electronic commerce services and software should top $ 35 billion by 2002 ; current leader in electronic commerce services is IBM ; other competitors noted ; photo ; chart ( M )
Sun sued , contending that Microsoft 's changes violated its licensing agreement .
Best Buy , which became the No .
Two years ago I.B.M .
The transaction that generated $ 300 million for I.B.M .
MY wife and I are victims of Netflix , and it is our own fault .
Existing plants could be renovated to accommodate Boeing , he said , and the state is ready to dole out tax credits .
Intel reported its earnings after the stock market closed .
The high use on the trans-Atlantic Scandinavian flights is somewhat unusual because they tend to be filled with tech-savvy Microsoft employees , who are even carting special noise-canceling headsets onto the planes to use Boeing 's satellite-based system to make free voice-over-Internet phone calls .
ICO-Teledesic Global Ltd. , the satellite telecommunications venture controlled by Craig O. McCaw , said it had received commitments for nearly $ 300 million from a number of influential investors , including William H. Gates , chairman of Microsoft , and the private investment firm Clayton , Dubilier & Rice Inc .
Some of the bigger eBay merchants said they welcomed the changes .
Apple needs to do a better job persuading its ''members '' that their private information is indeed private and will not be exploited for Apple 's commercial gain .
So , while Global Crossing is by no means out of the game for U S West and Frontier , given the sharp thumbs-down the market gave Qwest yesterday , a winning deal by Qwest would catapult it into the ranks of the world 's biggest communications companies .
Pfizer Inc joins IBM and Microsoft Corp to announce official start of Amicore , independent software and services company that aims to provide office automation products to doctors ; Jim Fitzsimmons is named president and chief executive ; Amicore acquires Connecticut health care software developer , PenChart Corp ( S )
''It 's a question yet of whether people are going to pay to use Wi-Fi in a McDonald 's , '' said Roberta Wiggins , an analyst with the Yankee Group .
Ever since I.B.M .
Netscape 's share of the market for Internet browser software was falling and experts predicted further sharp losses to Microsoft .
But cable providers like Time Warner Cable , which serves about half the homes in San Antonio , are fighting back .
While it has been relatively easy for Citigroup to put its consumer businesses together , rearranging corporate activities has been far rockier .
The Procter & Gamble Company said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with two of its largest roster agencies by awarding them additional assignments .
Tiffany & Company 727 Fifth Avenue ( 57th Street ) ; ( 212 ) 755-8000
John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of the General Electric Company , was paid $ 6.3 million in salary and bonus last year , an 18.4 percent increase over his 1995 cash compensation of $ 5.32 million , a company proxy statement disclosed yesterday .
Tenneco Inc halts talks to buy European brakes division of ITT Industries Inc ; two other bidders , including German tire maker Continental AG and Ford Motor Corp 's Visteon Automotive Systems , are still interested in the concern and may make announcement some time this week ( S )
While Google 's and Apple 's strategies are aligned in many ways , there are also potential areas of conflict .
James Cullinan , a Microsoft spokesman , said the company also feared that including the old Sun technology might increase its risk of intellectual property suits that could threaten the release of Windows XP .
At the moment , you can place ads only on Microsoft 's own search sites , MSN Search and Live.com .
Dallas and Fort Worth , Tex , which have been rivals since mid-19th century are suing each other over use of Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport , which was built astride county line and which they both share ; Fort Worth is insisting that Dallas stand by its agreement to protect airport from competition at its nearby Love Field , home of cut-rate Southwest Airlines ; Dallas says its hands are tied by Congress , which decreed in October that additional flights could originate there ; Fort Worth officials have long been testy over fact that while it closed Greater Fort Worth International Airport , municipal facility , Dallas kept Love Field open ; photos ( M )
Both Pepsi-Cola and the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Southern California submitted proposals .
Neither Computer Associates nor I.B.M. , a rival , would comment last evening on the expected appointment of Mr. Swainson .
Tower Records , one of the largest specialty retailers of music and video in the country and one of the last family-run dynasties in an industry increasingly dominated by mass merchants like Wal-Mart , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection yesterday .
In July , the Coca-Cola Company publicly vowed to roll back all of its marketing efforts to children under 12 : no television ads ; no free coupons ; and no giveaways like book covers emblazoned with the company 's logo .
It dropped to $ 1 after Pfizer 's drug became available . )
Kodak ended the quarter with $ 1.1 billion in cash , double last year 's amount , and it reduced debt by $ 192 million from the second quarter .
The experiences of Ian , for example resemble those of one former Morgan Stanley trader turned hedge fund manager .
has used in the past , I.B.M .
But despite the title , and the Justice Department 's lawsuit , it remains not at all clear that Microsoft has conquered the Web .
Shares of eBay fell $ 1.17 , to $ 60.45 in regular trading , before the earnings report was released .
The Microsoft optical mice or Logitech 's two non-feeling optical mice -- the MouseMan Wheel Optical and the Wheel Mouse Optical -- make more sense .
MICROSOFT is offering free software -- two new easy-to-use programs -- to small businesses .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Despite Big Inventory Charge , Investors Seem to Have Faith in Cisco
The IA-64 Chip : Intel Breaks the Mold
According to the Kyodo news agency , Wal-Mart executives submitted a proposal on Thursday for overhauling Daiei to the Industrial Revitalization Corporation of Japan , a government-backed fund established to help debt-laden companies .
In the second quarter , Moody 's downgraded 172 companies , representing $ 332.7 billion of debt , compared with upgrades of 35 companies , holding $ 49.7 billion in debt .
Digital vandals have unleashed a stream of viruses and worms that exploit security flaws in Microsoft 's operating system , e-mail and database programs .
''American Express is n't going to branch off into areas where we 're in conflict .
Until today , Microsoft had insisted that its merging of the browser and operating system was already so advanced that it could not remove Internet Explorer without disabling Windows 95 .
Over all , Mr. Boyd said he was encouraged by the news of eBay 's new alliance .
Broad Reorganization at I.B.M .
As Dr. Santanello offered a long explanation of Merck 's rationale , Mr. Lanier whispered to a member of his staff about a possible exhibit .
A federal judge presiding over a price-fixing case involving the Monsanto Company said last week that he would not disqualify himself from the case even though some lawyers in the case had said there was the appearance of a conflict of interest .
His testimony about the talks in 2001 comes as Verizon considers whether to bid for MCI , WorldCom 's original name and the name it again adopted after it sought bankruptcy protection in 2002 .
Both lawsuits claimed that Allstate 's requirement that the agents surrender their rights to sue violated federal laws , and the agents also accused the company of age discrimination because 90 percent of those involved were older than 40 .
Microsoft has prospered in difficult times for the PC industry largely by increasing its sales of its industrial-strength and higher-priced Windows 2000 operating system to businesses .
Motorola Inc says profit declined 41 percent in fourth quarter , to $ 335 million compared with $ 564 million in year-earlier period ; net income was $ 135 million compared with $ 323 million a year ago ( M )
Amgen , based in Thousand Oaks , Calif. , is not a lumbering pharmaceutical giant but a fast-growing biotech company .
I.B.M .
After reaching agreement with the Omnicom agencies -- BBDO Worldwide , DDB Worldwide , Merkley & Partners and PHD -- the commission is canceling the hearings .
Metler handles sales and marketing , and pays Procter royalties .
In New Jersey , Jose Gomez-Rivera , a spokesman for the Board of Public Utilities , said the state had received around 1,600 calls pertaining to Comcast over the last three months .
Thomas T. Noland Jr. , a company spokesman , said that Humana 's formidable art collection , which also included sculptures by Picasso , Frederick Remington , Noguchi and David Smith as well as ancient Roman statues , was collected by Wendell Cherry , a co-founder of the company , who died in 1991 .
The owner of a Midtown Manhattan hotel operated by Marriott International filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection yesterday , contending that Marriott 's hotel-management practices forced the move .
Geographically , I.B.M .
Ms. Bibliowicz , 43 , joined National Financial in 1999 , two years after she resigned as mutual funds chief at the Smith Barney unit of Travelers , a predecessor of Citigroup .
Whole Foods Court
She said she now estimated Amazon 's sales would rise only 13 percent for the year , to about $ 3.1 billion .
Dr David P Franklin decided within weeks of accepting job with drug maker Warner-Lambert that he became crucial component in apparent corporate plan to illegally market epilepsy drug called Neurontin ; says he thought he had little choice but to blow whistle on what he says was scheme to ignore federal regulations and market drug for more than dozen uses it was not approved to treat , first interview since filing federal lawsuit against Pfizer , which acquired Warner-Lambert , in 1996 ; Pfizer is negotiating settlement with government prosecutors ; issue involves hundreds of millions of dollars that Medicaid and other government programs paid for Neurontin because of what Franklin contends was fraudulent marketing scheme ; Pfizer has said actions Franklin claims to have seen would have occurred well before it acquired Warner-Lambert and that it is not aware of any credible evidence that Warner-Lambert employees made false claims about Neurontin ; Neurontin accounted for $ 2.3 billion of Pfizer 's sales last year and was one of company 's top-selling drugs ; Pfizer spokeswoman Mariann Caprino says company policy does not allow sales representatives to make inappropriate claims or encourage use of Pfizer products in treating medical conditions they are not approved for ; photo ( M )
The new Motorola system , which will be known as the DSP56690 baseband processor , will come with both a microprocessor and a specialized digital signal processor capable of handling a variety of cellular telephone technical formats .
Christopher Morgan , director of strategic alliances for Palm 's solutions group , said he did not regard the agreement with I.B.M .
He said Sony executives , without naming Microsoft , asserted repeatedly that PlayStation was superior to the competition , from heralding the relatively more powerful internal processor to the relatively small and space-saving AC power adapter .
The purchase of the company , which makes security programs for computer networks , is the latest in a recent string of software acquisitions by I.B.M .
Cost aside , Microsoft is also making rapid advances in technology , fueled by an Internet software-development staff that has risen from a handful of programmers a year ago to more than 500 people today .
Express Scripts , one of the largest managed-care drug administrators , said yesterday that it planned to stop taking money from drug makers to promote their products to doctors and patients .
''Word of mouth is still important because it reaches people who may not be e-commerce shoppers yet , '' said Bill Curry , a spokesman for Amazon .
And indeed it appears that Boeing is willing to back up its faith with dollars .
Oracle 's database business , a market in which it competes head-to-head with I.B.M. , accounts for nearly 75 percent of the company 's total revenue .
Yahoo said it had 1.1 million subscribers to its Internet access service , offered with SBC , and another 1.1 million subscribers to other paid services , mainly enhanced e-mail and online personal ads .
Amazon.com 's prices also are n't the lowest available , so you may want to do some comparison shopping .
Microsoft is just one of several companies in this software market , with competitors offering versions of Linux , and software from Wind River , Palm and others .
Number of community groups and lawmakers team up with labor unions in mounting intensive campaign aimed at prodding Wal-Mart into paying its 1.3 million employees higher wages ; most of Wal-Mart 's workers earn less than $ 19,000 a year ; new group of Wal-Mart critics ran full-page advertisement on April 20 contending company 's low pay has forced tens of thousands of its workers to resort to food stamps and Medicaid , costing taxpayers billions of dollars ; five members of Congress on April 26 joined women 's advocates and labor leaders to assail company for not paying its female employees more ; labor groups and their allies are focusing on Wal-Mart because they say campaign will not just benefit its workers but also reduce existing pressure on unionized competitors to reduce their own wages and benefits ; Wal-Mart 's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr defends his company , arguing that wages are primarily determined by market forces and that Wal-Mart pays more than most retailers and provides better opportunities for advancement ; graph ; photos ( M )
''If more pay for performance makes sense at Viacom , why is it not happening with the CBS package ? ''
Shareholders Set to Vote on Newmont Mining Deals
Robert C. Clark , who had been a director of both Time Warner and Lazard , the investment bank that is advising Mr. Icahn , said yesterday that being on both sides was untenable , and he resigned from Lazard .
Publicis Groupe is forming media planning agency in US to work only for Procter & Gamble ; agency , called SMG/P & G , will be part of Starcom MediaVest division of Publicis ; Publicis agrees to acquire 33 percent of London media agency Starcom Motive Ltd that it does not already own from Bartle Bogle Hegarty ( S )
Key events in the antitrust case against Microsoft U.S .
About a week after Mr. Goetz sent a cease-and-desist letter to American Express in late January , the company filed a complaint in Manhattan federal court , saying that it owned the slogan .
News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch says immediate effects of Sept 11 terrorist attacks cost company at least $ 100 million in advertising bookings , address to annual meeting ; predicts results in this fiscal year will be flat against prior year ; adds promising signs have emerged ; photo ( S )
This year , by contrast , ''Wal-Mart is stepping up the advertising for the holidays early , '' Mr. Dreher said .
Wal-Mart , says the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , is a ''generous and thoughtful '' partner that has helped recover 140 missing children .
Compensation expenses at Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank have declined from $ 3.3 billion in the first quarter of 2001 to $ 2.3 billion in the third quarter of this year , Mr. McVey said .
I also picked up some fascinating American Airlines trivia along the way .
Amazon said it expected operating income of $ 82 million to $ 122 million this quarter , and revenue of $ 2.85 billion to $ 3 billion , ahead of analysts ' forecasts of $ 2.76 billion .
The merger with Bank of America gave the firm a further push up the league tables ; the company was ranked first as of the third quarter , according to Loan Pricing .
Rupert Murdoch , the News Corporation 's chief executive , is so taken with the idea , executives say , that he wants Mobizzo to be a global brand by the end of the year .
The TiVo agreement is among various efforts by CBS to let consumers sample its prime-time series for the 2006-7 season .
A Nike Veteran Adds Some Swoosh to Disney 's Tired Mouse
EBay is also exploring how to use voice communication on its own auction site .
The Interpublic Group of Companies has signed a letter of intent to acquire Fitzgerald & Company in Atlanta and merge Fitzgerald with the Atlanta office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , part of Interpublic 's McCann-Erickson World Group .
Indeed , PeopleSoft 's chief executive , Craig Conway -- who has called Oracle 's offer everything from ''appalling '' to ''ridiculous '' -- has been careful not to use regulatory concerns as a defense against Oracle 's bid to avoid raising red flags in Washington if he were later to decide to pursue such a deal .
The one dark spot on the company 's report was at its computer subsidiary , formerly called NCR and now called AT & T Global Information Solutions .
Then , there is the possibility that Oracle could lose the lawsuit and instead wait until next year to take over the PeopleSoft board through a proxy fight .
So maybe Morgan Stanley will make Mr. Mack 's superhuman powers emerge .
In addition to the shareholder revolt , Disney is the target of a hostile takeover bid by the Comcast Corporation , the country 's largest cable operator .
Microsoft Corp , after insisting that its World Wide Web browser software can not be separated from its Windows 95 operating system , agrees to do just that to avoid being found in contempt of court ; agrees to settlement in its antitrust battle with Justice Dept under which it will sell latest version of its Windows 95 operating system to computer manufacturers with company 's Internet browser hidden or partly removed ; agreement settles only part of Government 's antitrust case against Microsoft ; Netscape Communications Corp , Microsoft 's rival on Internet , announces that it will begin giving away its browser , just as Microsoft does ; photo ( M )
Wal-Mart will test the lower prices first in the Tampa , Fla. , area and , depending on consumer response , may expand the program around the state and the country , these people said .
said Larry G. Wash , a vice president of the Xerox Supplies Group .
The Boeing Company selected the Los Angeles office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising -- part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies -- to handle its worldwide account .
Moody 's Investors Service retains negative outlook on credit ratings of 53 of New York State 's 62 counties ( S )
Amazon says the average movie should take about an hour to download on a fast broadband connection , but users have reported longer waits .
He liked the idea so much that he arranged for CBS to be the only advertiser this fall to use the new etching technology .
The Seoul Daily News , a government-owned newspaper , has reported that Micron is willing to invest as much as $ 5 billion to take over all Hynix facilities .
Two years ago , their employer , the oil services giant Halliburton , unexpectedly started urging them to take their pensions early , warning that they would otherwise lose their right to take their benefits in a single check .
Dedicated eBay sellers looking to jazz up their online storefronts may be interested in a customized version of Macromedia 's user-friendly Contribute 3 program that has been created just for users of the popular auction site .
The Microsoft Corporation , which entered the highly competitive video game arena last November with its moderately successful Xbox console , says that it will start an online gaming service , Xbox Live , on Nov. 15 .
`` For A.T. & T. , this lifts their frustration over not being able to have access , really , to the customers .
The Government contends that Microsoft illegally used its market power to persuade these companies to enter exclusionary deals to curb competition in the market for software used to browse the Web .
Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , also elevated two scientists , Dr. John LaMattina and Dr. Joe Feczko , into the ranks of executives who will report directly to Mr. Kindler .
Mr. Scott said Wal-Mart has sold 675 million pairs of white socks in the past year .
''We find it very curious , because Sun has tried to trivialize '' the personal computer in the past , Mr. Gould said , adding that the Microsoft rival is ''pretty far behind in this arena '' of distributed services .
The Microsoft Network never grew particularly popular while America Online prospered and grew .
The tentative deal , which was presented privately to the bankruptcy judge yesterday , would give Time Warner and Comcast control of Adelphia 's 5.3 million subscribers in 31 states , including systems around Los Angeles and in upstate New York .
I.B.M .
Having sustained the District Court 's conclusion that circumstantial evidence proves that Microsoft possesses monopoly power , we turn to Microsoft 's alternative argument that it does not behave like a monopolist .
''Procter & Gamble apparently has a long-term strategy to grow in the prescription drug business , and saw in us a potential way to expand their pipeline of new drugs , '' Dr. Vagelos said in a phone interview .
William J Bennett , former Federal Education Secretary , and Sen Joseph I Lieberman , Connecticut Democrat , hold news conference in Washington to express their outrage at two new Fox series , Action and Get Real ; they give their third Silver Sewer Award , laurel they invented to dishonor people whom they perceive as purveyors of cultural filth , to Rupert Murdoch , chairman of News Corp , which owns Fox ( S )
When Mr. Pandit left Morgan Stanley , declaring his loyalty to the firm and not Mr. Purcell , and Ms. Cruz declared her loyalty to Mr. Purcell , and what had been a run-of-the-mill executive suite spat became more like a blood feud .
It will roughly double what Intel is spending annually on training and technology support in places lagging in digital development , Mr. Otellini said in a telephone interview on Monday .
By 8 a.m. on the Friday after Thanksgiving -- the biggest shopping day of the year -- Michael T. Duke , president of the stores division of Wal-Mart , already knew he was in for trouble .
Microsoft is preparing to include both high-quality telephone and directory features in Windows XP , which is scheduled to be commercially available on Oct. 25 .
The results , which were reported after the stock market closed , were slightly ahead of Wall Street 's consensus estimate , but Microsoft 's shares fell in after-hours trading .
officials say Mr. Pitsch 's lobbying is effective because he knows the technical issues very well , and because Intel 's position is neutral as to which telecommunications companies or technologies win out .
The fund will also submit at least two candidates for Home Depot 's board , including Mr. Whitworth .
It is not clear whether Dr. Lee 's new job , as the president of Google 's Chinese operations , will put him in direct competition with his old job at Microsoft .
''The recent poor performance at Time Warner underscores the need for the company to strike a deal with AOL , '' said Christopher Dixon , an analyst at the investment bank UBS Warburg .
Microsoft also indicated in several ways during the day that sales of its much-promoted Xbox game machine had been more disappointing than previously known .
Nobody but Wal-Mart , '' Mr. Marra of A.T. Kearney said .
''People under 30 are spending much more time on the Net , '' said Linda Stone , a Microsoft researcher who has designed two different graphical on-line chat systems .
The chairmen -- Drew Lewis of Union Pacific and Philip Anschutz of Southern Pacific -- were seeking approval for the deal from Federal regulators at the time .
An Intel spokesman said the company hoped to be shipping more Pentium 4 chips than Pentium III 's by the end of this year .
If , as expected , those figures remain essentially unchanged when Nielsen puts out final results today , Ms. Couric 's program on CBS will have beaten ''NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams '' by an average of only about 70,000 viewers each night last week -- and topped ''World News with Charles Gibson '' on ABC by about 370,000 .
Microsoft has appealed and filed for a stay of the order pending the appeal process , which could take a few years .
But unlike Apple 's , Netgear 's gear is still best suited to network geeks .
The retirement plan is a tax-deferred 401 ( k ) program with employee savings matched by company contributions , as it is for new employees at I.B.M .
But even the improved benefits pale next to Microsoft 's .
Thomas M. Siebel , the chairman , had been an Oracle executive from 1984 to 1990 .
Michael A. Frontera , a Wal-Mart employee who helped organize the union drive , said last summer 's vote did not reflect workers ' true wishes .
Bristol-Myers Squibb reaches tentative agreement to pay $ 499 million to settle federal investigation into illegal sales and marketing activities from late 1990s through 2005 ; settlement , and special charges company also announces , will wipe out company 's fourth-quarter profit ( M )
While OS/2 can run programs written for Windows 3.1 , it does not support those written for Windows 95 or Windows NT , the latest versions from Microsoft .
Priceline.com Inc , an on-line bidding site for big-ticket purchases like airline tickets and automobiles , plans to begin offering consumers in New York area cut-rate prices on groceries ( M )
AT & T and MCI Stocks Rise on Joint Talks to Enter Local Service
Time Warner is already in the middle of a $ 4 billion project to make its cable systems ready to offer advanced digital services generally , but AT & T has agreed to carry the financial load of providing local telephone capability .
Rusine Mitchell-Sinclair , the new general manager of I.B.M .
Pfizer earned $ 301 million , or 4 cents a share , a drop of 87 percent from the $ 2.33 billion , or 31 cents a share , it earned in the first quarter of 2004 .
The discontinuation of torcetrapib is the second major failure in thePfizer 's development program in less than a week .
Of the bright spots in the market yesterday , I.B.M .
With its white-apron-clad chefs , who whip up almond crusted flounder for $ 14.99 a pound , and its rows of hard to pronounce cheeses ( consider bleu D'Auvergne , best paired with a Rhône red wine ) , Whole Foods Market has always felt like the Saks Fifth Avenue of supermarkets .
As he tried to connect to the Internet while the camera watched , the connections often failed , and when one did succeed , it seemed to be agonizingly slow -- nothing like the zippy Internet downloads shown in Microsoft 's demonstration tape that was played in court on Monday .
While Intel says it will have its problems under control in the second half of the year , not all analysts are convinced that it will meet its goal of returning to normal seasonal growth .
John Markoff article recalls his first personal computer , IBM PC5150 , purchased in October 1981 ; says IBM 's entrance into PC market a few months earlier signaled that nature and potential of computing had changed ; table compares capabilities of similarly-priced computers , then and now ; photo ( M )
Wendy Hall , a spokeswoman for Halliburton , said Mr. Cheney had received no special treatment .
Thousands of shops and restaurants around the world were reassured that if a customer used an American Express card to make a purchase , the establishment would be paid .
We would n't have ''The Simpsons '' -- another News Corporation product -- without it .
Increasingly , I.B.M .
For example , he said , Microsoft is developing a customized version of its MSN Internet service for wireless phones .
If the arrangement works well , analysts suggest , it may lead to joint manufacturing agreements elsewhere , or even to a merger of Goodyear and Sumitomo Rubber .
Microsoft had made an offer they could not refuse -- a high-profile spot on the Windows desktop .
Costs and Divestitures Cut Verizon 's Profit
IN January 1984 , just before he demonstrated the new Macintosh personal computer to Apple Computer Inc. 's board of directors for the first time , Steve Jobs recited a line from the Bob Dylan song ''The Times They Are A-Changin ' . ''
For the fourth quarter , Time Warner posted net income of $ 638 million , or 14 cents a share , in contrast to a loss of $ 44.9 billion , or $ 10.04 a share , in the period a year earlier .
Kodak 's shares , which were nearing $ 70 a year ago , have been mired in the $ 20 range lately .
Analysts say that Harry Stonecipher , the former chief executive of McDonnell Douglas who is now Boeing 's president , believes that the company is now large enough to absorb big up-front investments in new planes and that ending the practice would give investors a truer picture of performance .
Jeff Wilke , Amazon.com 's senior vice president for worldwide operations , said the company had reduced its processing and delivery times .
Last month in Brazil , at the last race of the season , AT & T announced a multiyear deal to become lead sponsor of the Williams team , the highest-profile involvement in Formula One for the American telecommunications company .
Microsoft , for example , is said to be offering discounts on Windows 98 to PC makers who agree to install television-receiver circuitry into their computers , an apparent move by Microsoft to stimulate demand for its WebTV on-line service .
But Xerox is out to challenge that .
The new bid sets in motion a scramble by Guidant 's board to determine what to do and by Johnson & Johnson about how to react .
Mr. Cantalupo , who laid out his plan for improving McDonald 's at an analysts ' meeting early this month , said the company would recommend a significant dividend increase later in the year , produce annual sales growth of 3 percent to 5 percent by 2005 , and decrease capital spending $ 800 million this year .
The small size of Wal-Mart 's initial investment , however , leaves open the question of how and when it plans to benefit from its new relationship .
Mr. Ross , who said such an initial price was nevertheless plausible , said Intel found itself in intense price competition from Advanced Micro Devices , which , he said , had begun to make a name for itself among consumers as a viable , reliable alternative to Intel .
Caldera , in its suit against Microsoft Corp , Federal court , files 188 pages of evidence , including an E-mail from Microsoft executive Mike Murray to chairman William H Gates proposing that Microsoft compete with network software rival Novell Corp for accounts at both Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints and Brigham Young University because accounts were of key psychological and emotional significance to Utah-based Novell ; Caldera , formed by former Novell chairman Ray Noorda , charges Microsoft set out to destroy public demand for its rival operating system ; Microsoft holds Caldera document in many cases takes E-mail comments of Microsoft aides out of context ( M )
Mr. Wolfowitz prefaced this sentence with the phrase ''let me be clear '' and also noted that a financing scheme in which the Air Force would lease the tankers from Boeing rather than buy them was ''not an option '' without Congressional approval .
At a news conference last year to announce the venture , Boeing officials had planned to say they expected to sell six to eight business jets a year , but Mr. Welch persuaded them to push the estimate to 10 a year .
In that case , Amway said , a Federal court this month dismissed an amended complaint by Procter against Amway and six of its distributors .
Dr. Tardif is a consultant to Pfizer , and one of his co-authors is an employee of CSL Ltd. , which sponsored the study .
Heye , based in Munich , has created campaigns for McDonald 's in Austria and Germany since 1971 .
Art McKee , director of strategic studies with Scott-Levin , a health care consulting firm , said the industry spent more than $ 600 million last year on consumer ads for prescription drugs like Zocor , Merck 's cholesterol treatment ; Imitrex , Glaxo Wellcome 's anti-migraine drug , and Claritin , Schering-Plough 's antihistamine .
It has been 19 years since Nike signed Jordan for a reported $ 2.5 million over five years , and much has changed .
For all of 2002 , Yahoo expects revenue of $ 870 million to $ 910 million , compared with expectations of $ 798 million .
Jason Kilar , Amazon 's vice president in charge of apparel , said the e-commerce giant reluctantly agreed to disable reviews for the Gap in order to get the ubiquitous , if somewhat ailing , merchant to validate Amazon 's apparel efforts .
Vending machines have become an increasingly important source of profits for Coca-Cola and its archrival , Pepsico .
Musicians have long shown an appreciation for the Apple Macintosh , and from its earliest days Apple developed software specifically for music editing and synthesizing .
official praised McDonald 's for responding to concerns that the overuse of antibiotics around the world could allow germs that infect humans to eventually become resistant to treatment .
Ned Sullivan , executive director of Scenic Hudson , an environmental group in Poughkeepsie that has met several times with General Motors , agreed .
Discover , which ranks ninth in average daily trades among on-line brokers , and Dreyfus , a much smaller player , will use MarketXT , formerly known as Eclipse Trading , a new after-hours electronic trading network backed by Morgan Stanley and several large trading firms .
Interpublic is best known for its huge ad agencies , including the Lowe Group and its flagship agency , McCann-Erickson Worldwide -- the world 's largest .
One of its stars , Wu Xiaoli , became a celebrity in China in 1998 when she told Prime Minister Zhu Rongji at a news conference that he was her idol .
The costs of the new initiatives are expected to reduce PepsiCo 's earnings by 6 cents a share in the fourth quarter , but the effect will be offset by 7 to 8 cents a share in gains from a federal tax settlement .
McDonald 's has also turned to animal behavior and welfare researchers here at Purdue University , where there are studies looking into such topics as how female pigs socialize and whether cows feel pain when their tails are clipped .
E-mail described a meeting at which Mr. Norris said Microsoft offered I.B.M .
I.B.M .
The AT & T Corporation started a new wireless technology that plans to offer services to businesses and consumers over their cellular phones that they can get with regular phones -- including caller ID and written messages .
United Technologies is in discussions to buy Chubb , a British security systems company , for more than $ 1.3 billion , executives close to the talks said yesterday .
Shortly into the afternoon session , Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson seemed to suggest that Microsoft faced a challenge in trying to refute the testimony of Mr. Norris .
A consortium of seven newspaper chains representing 176 daily papers across the country is announcing a broad partnership with Yahoo to share content , advertising and technology , another sign that the wary newspaper business is increasingly willing to shake hands with the technology companies they once saw as a threat .
A month earlier , Intel said it would spend $ 2 billion to build another mammoth factory at the sprawling site .
Yahoo told investors that it expects that most of its new services would cost $ 3 to $ 6 a month , although it did not offer specifics .
General Electric has put into effect an ambitious strategy for establishing itself on the Internet , part of its battle to become a leader of the new economy ; the manufacturing and financial services giant , working in teams and sharing information across company 's global span , has developed novel ways to do everything from speeding up the overhaul of jet engines to buying a staple gun ( M )
''This means that Microsoft will have more muscle to reapply the screws , '' said Jessie Berst , editorial director of AnchorDesk.com , a Internet publication of the Ziff-Davis Corporation .
Interview with Lee A Iacocca , 80-year-old former Chrysler chairman ; he is talking about cars again , and even promoting Chrysler 's cars in three new commercials ; he offers his views on domestic auto industry , and its weakest giant , General Motors ; contends Detroit 's automakers need to move faster on hybrid electric cars ; says GM 's biggest problem is health care costs , which , at estimated $ 1,500 per vehicle in United States , exceed cost of steel ; photo with Jason Alexander in Chrysler commercial ( M )
Interpublic has a good track record in that regard . ''
Miner , president of Intel Capital .
For one , they say , Intel 's leaders believe that Microsoft 's aggressive public-relations blitz backfired .
''It 's a win-win situation for everyone , '' said Senator Maria Cantwell , a Washington Democrat and one of the strongest backers of the Boeing-Air Force plan .
Plenty still work for Microsoft , though .
Correction : May 3 , 2000 , Wednesday A front-page article yesterday about the decision by Time Warner Cable to remove ABC stations from cable systems in seven cities misstated the basis of ABC 's move for redress from the Federal Communications Commission .
At the conference , I.B.M .
Mr. Hester said I.B.M .
Indeed , Amazon also disclosed yesterday that it owns a controlling interest in Pets.com , which sells dog biscuits , cat toys and other pet supplies .
But even as other Internet pioneers , like Yahoo , have started to make a profit , Amazon 's losses have continued to widen -- even as its sales and customer base make it a big business in its own right .
One former Boeing executive who was involved in many past diversification efforts , John H. Goldie , summed up Boeing 's mistakes in ''Legend and Legacy , '' although his words serve as a warning to all companies :
Although I.B.M .
Sources close to Rupert Murdoch , News Corp chairman , and his son Lachlan say Lachlan resigned from his job as corporation 's deputy chief operating officer because he felt his father interfered in his business dealings and undermined him , particularly over last 18 to 24 months ; say lesser factor might have been shifting family dynamics and question of how elder of Rupert Murdoch 's two youngest children with his third wife , Wendi Deng , would be treated under family trusts that control company ; Peter Chernin , News Corp president and chief operating officer , and Roger Ailes , who built Fox News unit , may get expanded roles at corporation ; photo ( M )
The lead agency for Interpublic in the alliance , to be called Covered Bridges , will be the McCann-Erickson World Group , and its media services arm , Universal McCann .
Moody 's analysis credited the city 's booming economy and solid financial management for the upgrade .
He told Mr. Bowen , a 39-year-old senior researcher , that he would lead an 11-person team to make recommendations on how I.B.M .
Dan Beck , a Boeing spokesman , said in an interview yesterday that the company had hired Jamie S. Gorelick , who was deputy United States attorney general and general counsel of the Pentagon in the Clinton administration , and Richard Cullen , who is a former Virginia attorney general and an experienced white-collar defense lawyer .
Mr. Bové became a folk hero in 1999 when he led a group of French farmers to smash windows in a McDonald 's in the town of Millau .
The views of workers inside the plant contrasted sharply with those protesting outside on the most important issue facing them and the company , the efforts by the committee of creditors who now control the bankrupt company to sell it to General Motors .
Janus , the nation 's hottest seller of mutual funds , will be officially spun off today from its parent , the railway operator Kansas City Southern Industries .
No utility has gone through the long , laborious and expensive process of having a license renewed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , and the application by Duke Power , a unit of the Duke Energy Corporation of Charlotte , N.C. , is seen as an initiative whose outcome could determine the future of nuclear energy in the United States .
And David R. Carlucci , 43 , who had run I.B.M .
But Motorola is betting that its approach will put it ahead of the pack , eliminating the need for circuit switching technology .
''We want Microsoft to provide us with the technology , not make decisions and choices for us or our customers . ''
BUT the real gain , to hear Mr. Tabacco tell it , is ''a positive benefit for Oracle in fulfilling its obligations as a good corporate citizen . ''
Apart from distributing Pocket Paks at the Emmys , Pfizer has worked hard to create buzz around the product .
He declined to elaborate and also declined to comment on Rythmix 's relationship with I.B.M .
Rather than use Microsoft 's top managers to respond to the ruling , Ms. Adams said , ''I 'd be much more likely to put more 'real people ' on the air : the people who are the workhorses , the people who really believe in the company . ''
''It does n't matter if it 's 'Batman , ' 'The Matrix ' or Yahoo Finance .
Microsoft Unveils Tax Product But Bill Gates Ca n't Use It
The mobile phone maker Nokia is to merge its four joint ventures in China into one entity in an effort to counter loss of market share to Motorola and domestic rivals in the world 's largest phone market .
Citigroup also announced several management changes involving Salomon Smith Barney yesterday , intended to further separate the firm 's investment banking and equity research businesses .
Some investors are starting to become restive about lagging stock price and strategic decisions made by Morgan Stanley 's chief executive Philip J Purcell ; Purcell will preside at company 's annual meeting next week and defend his stewardship of firm last year ; while Morgan Stanley 's earnings grew by 18 percent , its stock price declined by 6.5 percent , compared with 17 percent increase in stock price of its peers ; results at Morgan Stanley were weighed down by its slower-growing Discover credit card and brokerage units ; photo ( M )
Compressed Data ; Xerox to Introduce Anti-Piracy Technology
But many analysts now say that Boeing might trump Airbus again with a new , long-range 777 that it is expected to announce later this year .
Instead , he thinks Apple will introduce its new machines later this summer .
At Power Architecture design centers , I.B.M .
Skechers USA makes lower-priced versions of popular shoes like latest high-performance Nikes and dressy loafers by Kenneth Cole , and its stock has been among market 's best performers this years ; founder-president Michael Greenberg comments ; graphs ; photos ( M )
cable , and it automatically synchronizes your address book , calendar and Microsoft Outlook e-mail , so you always have the latest information on your pocket machine .
Adobe , which is based in San Jose , Calif. , successfully developed the Postscript language , which began a standard for the publishing industry and was crucial to the early success of Apple 's Macintosh computer .
Major computer security companies like Symantec , however , have already made available updated virus blockers that will stop the rogue program .
McNeil Consumer & Specialty Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson seeks to make its Tylenol pain-relieving drug more appealing to consumers with redesigned advertising drive that includes using girls in revealing outfits to distribute samples of flavored caplets in hot spots ; drive is example of how makers of over-the-counter pain relievers and allergy medications , which face serious challenge from growing popularity of private-label brands and new prescription drugs , are trying to refocus their marketing not just on promoting efficacy but on improving consumer experience ; photo ( M )
These software services will run in I.B.M .
Unilever and Procter & Gamble are developing advertising campaigns for new tablet laundry detergent products ; Unilever is introducing Whisk tablets , while Procter & Gamble will enter market with Tide tablets ; photo ( M )
The decision comes less than three months after a Texas jury found Merck liable in the first Vioxx case to reach trial and awarded the plaintiff -- the widow of a man who took the drug -- $ 253 million , a decision that caused Merck stock to fall 8 percent that day .
Excluding the cost of stock options , noncash charges and losses from its investments , Amazon lost $ 68 million .
Wal-Mart , the king of America 's discounters , reported a one-day sales record for Friday -- the day known as Black Friday because red ink is supposed to change to black .
Ms. Druyun , meanwhile , was trying to channel tens of billions of dollars of business to Boeing .
The creator of 'Bo knows ' offers Nike a different campaign , with a multitude of stars .
Nike , Build-A-Bear Workshop and the Discovery Channel stores are selling $ 1 Lance Armstrong Live Strong bracelets , to finance cancer research .
''Our position is that when a doctor is treating a medical condition and he prescribes Viagra , we hope that it would be broadly covered , '' said Andrew McCormick , a Pfizer spokesman .
It is yet another maneuver in a political battle that has pitted the Air Force and Boeing on one side against critics who have raised questions -- and , for the moment , halted -- Boeing 's bid to replace the Air Force 's aerial tankers with specially outfitted Boeing 767 aircraft .
Thomas W. Burt , the deputy general counsel of Microsoft , said the company would most likely petition the judge in the San Diego case , Rudi M. Brewster , to set aside or reduce the judgment .
Judge Edmunds must still rule on General Motors ' petition to sue Volkswagen as a criminal organization under American racketeering law .
Apple , based in Cupertino , Calif. , has high hopes for the iMac , which features a translucent green case , an integrated monitor and an illuminated mouse , and some analysts have estimated that the company could sell more than one million of the new machine in its first year .
Shares of Aetna rose $ 2.8125 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 55.8125 yesterday .
Aranesp and Epogen together accounted for $ 6.6 billion of Amgen 's $ 14.3 billion in 2006 revenue .
For Labor , a Wal-Mart Closing in Canada Is a Call to Arms
Abe Peled , chief executive of NDS , once known as News Digital Systems , said the company 's satellites would first be used to deliver popular Web pages at speeds of up to eight megabits a second .
The company also has interests in two satellite companies -- the British Sky Broadcasting Group and Sky Italia -- and owns newspapers in Australia and Britain .
Reflecting on an Apple T-shirt that was printed 14 years ago and its slogan , ''Working 80 hours a week and loving it , '' Mr. Jobs said he was uncertain about the second part .
Correction : April 6 , 2007 , Friday An article in Business Day yesterday about the turnaround effort at the Ford Motor Company misstated the number and timing of plant closings under its restructuring plan .
Honeywell International , struggling to regain its footing after the collapse of its merger with General Electric , said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings had plunged 92 percent below those of last year .
Kellogg Will Use New Soybean Oil to Cut Fat
Fresh wave of fast-food establishments is sweeping across much of Europe ; fast-food chains ' wave is gathering momentum as result of combination that includes crisis in family-owned mom-and-pop food businesses , large fast-food franchises eager to expand onto what they see as underserved territory , and investors on both sides of Atlantic who are awash in money available at low cost and who see quick growth and future earnings ; cheeky selling techniques , combined with appeal of almost anything American , are breaking down European resistance to fast food in many places that had long been untouched ; chains that are expanding in Europe include McDonald 's , Burger King , Pizza Hut , Starbucks and Dunkin ' Donuts ; chart ; photos ( M )
California , Connecticut , Massachusetts and Oregon have each opened independent investigations of Microsoft 's business practices .
Under pressure from analysts and investors to jump-start growth in its core auctions business , eBay is making a series of upgrades intended to make the site more friendly to buyers .
The Novell settlement focuses on claims the company asserted it could make , but had not yet made , against Microsoft .
John A Thain becomes sole president of Goldman Sachs and presumptive heir apparent to Henry M Paulson Jr with abrupt departure of John L Thornton ; photo ( M )
But David Hilal , a financial analyst at Friedman , Billings , Ramsey & Company , said Microsoft is in a particularly strong position to offer a stock benefit because it is doing something Silicon Valley companies are not : distributing dividends .
The new contract does not achieve the unions ' goal of getting Verizon Wireless to pledge not to oppose future unionization efforts at its operation .
Interior Department officials have shown little interest in evidence from either New Mexico 's experience or a current court fight with Chevron over federal royalties .
A year ago , Corning had 17,000 employees .
AT & T and Microsoft said yesterday that they had formed an alliance in which each would distribute the other 's on-line software .
''A shorter installation cycle should quicken Verizon 's deployment of access , '' said Joseph Bellace , an analyst at Jefferies & Company who covers companies providing high-speed Internet access .
Microsoft Corp reports 28 percent gain in its fiscal-fourth-quarter earnings , modestly exceeding Wall Street expectations ; also says it has already sold more than one million copies of its new operating system software , Windows 98 , to consumers ; company earned $ 1.36 billion compared with $ 1.06 billion in year-earlier period ; revenue rose 26 percent , to almost $ 4 billion , from $ 43.18 billion in fourth quarter of 1997 fiscal year ; for the year , Microsoft earned $ 4.49 billion , up 30 percent from $ 3.45 billion in 1997 fiscal year ; revenue rose 28 percent , to $ 14.48 billion from $ 11.36 billion ; chart ( M )
Yahoo www.yahoo.comYahoo Messenger , free .
To ease the jolt for those who get cut , AT & T has also created an expansive network of `` resource centers '' to help people find new jobs .
Mullen Advertising , unit of Interpublic Group of Companies , is laying off about 10 percent of its 554 employees ( S )
All three have operations that could help fill out Corning 's product portfolio .
As a result , only 5 percent of I.B.M .
''This is I.B.M .
The granddaddy of this line of business is Mr. Kissinger , who started his advisory firm in 1982 and quickly lined up blue-chip clients like the American Express Company , I.B.M .
Compaq 's least expensive Intel-based Presario uses a 150-megahertz Pentium and also includes a number of features not on the Presario 2000 .
Intel said that despite the weakness in its financial returns , it pushed ahead with the introduction of 18 new semiconductor products during the quarter and gained share in several crucial markets .
But Ralph Alvarez , McDonald 's president and chief operating officer , said the success of the turnaround had less to do with the new menu options than the company 's effort to improve existing restaurants by focusing on things like cleaner lobbies , fresher food and the greetings from servers .
Even if Microsoft does not become a network carrier , it presents a potentially formidable challenge to the regional phone companies .
Amazon.com removes and then restores negative reader comments on its site about Peter Eric Hendrickson 's book Cracking the Code : The Fascinating Truth About Taxation in America , which asserts that Americans are not required to pay taxes and teaches people how to exploit IRS system for processing refunds ( M )
General Motors Corp raises quarterly dividend to 50 cents a share from 40 cents and sets $ 2.5 billion stock buyback ; plans to buy back some 5 percent of shares outstanding over next 12 months ( M )
Mr. Meyer , a consummate Hollywood insider who made his reputation as an actor 's agent , had not had to run Universal under a system as rigorous as General Electric 's -- not under Edgar Bronfman Jr. , whose family owned Universal as part of Seagram before selling it in 2000 to the French company Vivendi , nor even under Barry Diller .
Teena Lerner , a biotechnology analyst at Lehman Brothers , said the Biogen results , which were announced after the markets closed on Tuesday , were `` truly a positive surprise . ''
Google recently lost its position as search provider for Yahoo , which has turned to a company it acquired , Overture , to take advantage of the growing amount of advertising revenue available on search pages .
The stability of Microsoft was important .
Mr. Schroeder investigated Microsoft 's gift-matching policies and found that if the three men each gave $ 2,000 , the company would match the cash donations with enough software for the festival to have everything on its wish list .
Saying that evidence of a conspiracy was ''meager '' to ''nonexistent , '' United States District Judge Charles P. Kocoras threw out the case against Johnson & Johnson , Novartis A.G. , the Monsanto Company and Forest Laboratories , and a group of drug wholesalers .
Microsoft introduced an E-mail sent on Aug. 31 , 1995 , by Dr. Gosling , one of Java 's creators , to Scott G. McNealy , Sun 's chairman , sketching out a number of options on how to exploit Java as a business .
Microsoft , by comparison , had revenues of more than $ 14 billion .
communications as a sort of symbolic shorthand for the consumer to understand that I.B.M .
Microsoft , here we come . ''
and a big win for Time Warner .
Boeing 's board is to meet on Thursday , with an announcement possible after that , they said .
Boeing has concluded that demand for such a jet is too limited to justify the investment , but Airbus is continuing its development work and hopes to decide in 2000 whether to begin building the plane .
In addition to a slot for a traditional memory card ( SD format on the Kodak , Memory Stick Duo on the Sony ) , each camera contains enough built-in memory to store hundreds of your favorite photos .
The Government contends that Microsoft 's operating system monopoly is protected by what is known as the applications barrier to entry under which software companies will spend the money to write programs only for the dominant operating system , not for start-ups .
Mr. Shatner , whose Captain Kirk wore his heart on his sleeve , will probably represent Priceline 's newer , open method , one that is used by competitors including Expedia.com and Orbitz.com , which identifies the carrier as the tickets are purchased .
Prince , a lawyer who has worked for Mr. Weill for 17 years , was picked to run Citigroup 's investment banking operations last year after regulators began investigating the firm for conflicts of interest in its investment research .
Mr. Colbeth approaches Microsoft from the vantage of a battle-tested pragmatist , not as a lawyer or economist .
Amazon said the decline was the result of price cuts in its book department .
( Apple says it will add these features soon . )
Grocers ' Strategy : Be What Wal-Mart Is Not
Moratorium on Merger Talks Expires at AT & T
Real estate investors and developers who want quick loan approval are buying insurance policies instead of undergoing time-consuming process of having buildings and land parcels examined for environmental contamination ; Chubb Group , Zurich Financial Services Group and American International Group dominate market issuing these policies ; photo ( M )
Seeking to improve its third-place position in the booming $ 10 billion market for cholesterol-lowering drugs , Bristol-Myers Squibb has tapped stars like Kirk Douglas , Sylvester Stallone , Dana Carvey and Angela Bassett to help sell the medicine Pravachol .
Mr. Spitzer said Morgan Stanley would pay restitution of more than $ 740,000 and costs and penalties of $ 300,000 in the case , in which it was accused of failing to supervise Ms. Smith even after the company had been put on notice that she was mishandling client accounts .
Wynn Resorts worked last year with the Arnell Group in New York , part of the Omnicom Group , on branding and identity for the new resort , which Arnell helped rename Wynn Las Vegas from Le Rêve .
First , there was Xerox the Copier Company .
''But Boeing is an example where professional workers stood up to a big company and got a good contract out of it .
''The nightmare is not over for AT & T , '' said Patrick Comack , an analyst at Guzman & Company in Miami .
''This is really a community relations initiative '' rather than a golf marketing program , Scott Jacobson , a spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta said yesterday .
European Commission approves General Electric Co 's planned takeover of Amersham , British diagnostic pharmaceuticals and biosciences company ( S )
New Economy column by Steve Lohr says Paul M Horn , senior vice president of IBM , feels time is ripe for assault on ever-increasing complexity of computing in Internet era , with its global networks and proliferation of digital devices ; Horn 's 39-page paper on subject , to be distributed at Agenda conference in Scottsdale , Ariz , is intended as call to action for researchers and industry , as well as path for solving problem with so-called autonomic computing ; process described ; drawing ( M )
''The bottom line is that we had a big retail brokerage operation , '' said Mr. Dimon , referring to his tenure overseeing Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit .
's future as an investment , said Steven Milunovich , a Merrill Lynch analyst , writing in a bulletin to the firm 's clients last week , is ''figuring out if I.B.M .
Prudential has no claim to TVT Records itself and therefore would not be in a position to sell the company , as the article reported .
Neither Mr. Moore nor Ms. Hernandez can say for certain how they contracted cancer , but both say they know one thing for sure : Through much of their working lives , they were exposed to chemicals on the job that at times made them feel sick , often landing them in the offices of I.B.M .
For international needs , Hill , Holliday will be aligned with Ammirati Puris Lintas , one of the four Interpublic worldwide agencies .
In contrast to the I.B.M .
The Coca-Cola Company , in an apparent expansion of its strategy , is expected to announce today that it will market payroll cards to restaurants , hotels and entertainment sites nationwide .
This is a place where Corel can go and not have competition from Microsoft . ''
The Government and Microsoft have both completed presentation of their cases , and the trial is now in recess until mid-April , when each side will present rebuttal witnesses .
Wal-Mart said the increases in starting salaries would be spread evenly around the country and would not favor rural or urban stores .
In fact , Mr. Ryon said the study indicated that home computer owners spent 53 percent of their time using Microsoft software .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation began looking into Mr. Carlow 's activities 13 months ago , after PNC Bank contended that the Pittsburgh Food and Beverage Company and other holdings of Mr. Carlow had written millions of dollars of bad checks to one other , creating the illusion of large balances in PNC accounts .
The companies declined to say the amount of Amazon 's investment .
I.B.M .
Four former finance employees at the Halliburton Company contend that a high-level and systemic accounting fraud occurred at the company from 1998 to 2001 , according to a new filing in a class-action lawsuit on behalf of investors who bought the company 's shares .
Verizon and Unions Agree on Tentative 5-Year Contract
Now , seeking to recapture a larger share of the American market , Ford Motor is hoping to revive Mercury by adding cars , sport utilities and other vehicles that would appeal to buyers in their 20 's through 40 's .
The trucks in Wal-Mart 's fleet , the nation 's largest , have a fuel efficiency of about 6.5 miles per gallon .
Views in Congress about Clinton Administration 's aggressive approach to Microsoft Corp have long been divided along lines closely tied to individual lawmaker 's local interest ; to Sen Slade Gorton , Republican of Washington , antitrust suit against his state 's most valuable company shows that Clinton Administration is trying to have judges and lawyers design future of computer industry ; Sen Orrin G Hatch of Utah , home of major competitor of Microsoft , is filled with praise that is extraordinary from a Republican for Clinton Administration ; photo ( M )
If successful , Yahoo 's offer would break up a deal between HotJobs and TMP Worldwide , the parent company of Monster.com , which is the leading online recruitment company with about 42 percent of the market .
The government brief adds that ''in rapidly evolving technology markets , even a brief delay in effectuating remedies that will reduce Microsoft 's ability and incentive to engage in anticompetitive conduct will have a serious adverse impact on competition and innovation . ''
A 2002 study by Forrester Research showed that 14.2 percent of those who took 20 or more business trips a year used Priceline , up from 12.7 percent in the previous year 's survey ; 3.4 percent booked through Hotwire , up from 2 percent ; 15.6 percent used Travelocity , up from 13.6 percent , and 14.1 percent made their reservations over Expedia , up from 11.8 percent .
But Exxon Mobil , which has an exclusive contract to extract the oil at Cepu ( pronounced CHEH-poo ) , will not pump a drop .
Moody 's Investors Service yesterday downgraded by one notch the debt ratings for the WPP Group in London , which owns agencies like Ogilvy & Mather , J. Walter Thompson and Young & Rubicam .
Until yesterday , officials had announced only one major contract , a $ 212 million deal with the Lockheed Martin Corporation to install high-tech cameras and motion sensors in the subway system .
''We have had a focus on small and medium businesses for as long as there has been an I.B.M. , '' said Robin W. Sternbergh , global general manager for small and medium business at I.B.M .
For the regulators who have been striving to make sure that the Internet services market remains vibrant and competitive and not dominated by one large player , the AOL-Time Warner deal poses a particularly vexing challenge .
The decision came after a monthlong review among four agencies that work for Coca-Cola on various assignments : Wieden & Kennedy , which also handles Diet Coke ; McCann-Erickson , which continues to handle Coca-Cola Classic along with other Interpublic units ; Berlin Cameron & Partners in New York , which handles brands like Dasani and Nestea Cool ; and Cliff Freeman & Partners in New York , which handles brands like Fanta .
Another purchase of Boeing planes could be announced when China 's President , Jiang Zemin , visits Washington later this year .
In October , Apple announced three new versions of its popular iMac , including two with the ability to edit digital movies , and one priced at $ 999 .
Not surprisingly , the witness , Richard L. Schmalensee , dean of the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Microsoft 's expert economist , agreed that there was no substance to any of the charges .
Four agencies overseas worked for Amazon on international assignments , including Hakuhodo in Tokyo and Howell Henry Chaldecott & Partners in London , part of Chime Communications .
In a conference call with securities analysts after the close of trading on Wall Street , John R. Joyce , I.B.M .
holds indications are that it is exercising some of same types of power that led appellate judges to uphold trial court 's finding that Microsoft abused its monopoly power in software business ; charts ; photo ( M )
Now , name the newest and most entertaining feature of the Microsoft Corporation 's new Internet Explorer 5.0 Web browser , which is available for downloading starting today at www .microsoft.com/ie .
Comcast has been in intense discussions with America Online Inc. and the Microsoft Corporation , which is already an investor in the cable company , about those companies supporting its bid .
But as the Justice Department proceeded with its opening statement over the next two hours , its lead lawyer in the case , David Boies , presented more than a dozen memos and E-mail messages written by Mr. Gates over the last three years , showing clearly that he and other senior Microsoft executives not only knew about the matters in question but had forcefully directed them .
A year after Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson found Microsoft to be a monopoly , and seven months after he ruled that it had violated antitrust laws , company officials exuded confidence -- as they have in the past -- that they will fare better on appeal .
Boeing Co sharply intensifies efforts in Congress and Pentagon to win wide array of military contracts to help it recover from collapse of commercial aircraft business after Sept 11 and loss of Joint Strike Fighter contract ; has succeeded in winning Senate approval for lease to Air Force of 100 new 767 widebody jets for use as refueling tankers and reconnaissance planes ; is prodding Congress to sustain , expand or accelerate more than a dozen major contracts in which it is lead contractor ; also seeks to become dominant player in array of new businesses , including unpiloted aircraft , battlefield and cockpit communications , surveillance technology and precision-guided munitions ; Rep Norm Dicks , Washington State Democrat , leads drive on Capitol Hill ; photos ; graphs ( M )
John F Welch Jr 's book Winning , written with his wife , Suzy Welch , has become a best seller despite negative publicity generated by revelations about extraordinary perks he received when he retired as chief executive of General Electric ; other business books that are doing well include Kurt Eichenwald 's Conspiracy of Fools and James B Stewart 's Disney War ; business books do well when they offer advice rather than memoirs or when they help explain workings of business world ; they can be hard sell today because news media now covers business stories so aggressively that there can be little new for a book to reveal ; photos ( M )
and Honeywell , like many large mergers , could also founder , causing Mr. Welch to rue the day he stole Honeywell out of the arms of a rival suitor , United Technologies , and delayed his retirement .
Wall Street reacted favorably to news of the takeover , which will be financed entirely with A.T. & T. stock .
Customers who drop the insurance within the first month can receive a full refund , Citigroup said .
Virgin Cola , upstart British soft-drink company started three years ago by music industry and airline executive Richard Branson , plans to enter crowded and hostile American beverage market on May 12 ; move coincides with one of more intense moments in cola war history ; last week , Pepsico Inc sued Coca-Cola Co , contending Coke illegally manipulated food-service distributors ; Branson comments ; photo ( M )
The trustees have not yet been appointed and the remedies the commission imposed on Microsoft a year ago have still not taken effect .
A company spokesman noted that the Time Warner unit includes CNN , where comparisons with last year , which included the high ratings from the war in Iraq , were difficult .
But Tuesday 's news failed to inspire Wall Street , as shares of Intel dropped 4.4 percent in after-hours trading .
Bill Chamberlin , a head draftsman at the division in Olean , said he was previously told he would receive about $ 60,000 but was offered just $ 28,000 by Halliburton .
The new Xerox-Microsoft relationship focuses on a set of technologies that have been priorities for both companies -- so-called knowledge management software and systems designed to organize information and documents in ways that make data more accessible and understandable within large organizations .
''We have a strategic alliance with Marriott International , and from investors ' point of view we 've always represented ourselves as having that strategy , '' said Terrence C. Golden , the chief executive of Host Marriott .
Suse A.G. , in Nurenberg , which produces software that runs on the Linux operating system , a competitor to Windows , argued that a court-ordered breakup of Microsoft might do little to break the Windows monopoly unless the company makes its code available to rivals .
Representatives from Google , Microsoft , Yahoo and Cisco all declined invitations to attend .
Andrew Pelletier , a spokesman for Wal-Mart Canada , said the labor board 's latest decision was ''seriously flawed and undemocratic '' because it did not require a secret ballot .
Intel Profit Is Far Short Of Forecasts
The same appeals court removed Federal District Judge Stanley Sporkin from a previous antitrust case brought by the Justice Department against Microsoft after he ruled that a settlement the two sides had agreed to was not in the public interest .
I.B.M .
''With Eclipse , I.B.M .
And to head off Congressional criticism , Boeing also announced that it would not take the settlement as a tax deduction .
Airbus Industrie , European aerospace consortium , says its goal is to hold on to 50 percent of market share it recently achieved , while Boeing Co , Airbus 's only competitor , says it will continue to dominate ; Boeing , which is emerging from embarrassing production foul-up that cost it billions of dollars , is committed to lowering its costs so that it can recement its domination of global market ; Airbus 's effort to transform itself into conventional corporation -- move both Airbus executives and industry analysts see as crucial for competing with Boeing over long run -- has stalled , sowing doubts that it will ever happen ; graphs ; photos ( M )
Medical Journal Criticizes Merck Over Vioxx Data
If Microsoft is found guilty , a separate proceeding will most likely be scheduled to consider what remedy will be applied .
The gap of more than five years is a long one for Microsoft , which has generally shipped a new version of Windows every three or four years .
While some , like the Walt Disney Company , had only a cursory interest , AOL Time Warner , Comcast and Cox remained in the running until yesterday .
The AT & T Corporation announced the biggest single job cut in the history of the telephone business yesterday , and one of the largest corporate work-force reductions ever , as the company braces for a new wave of competition in the communications industry .
Awaiting Morgan Stanley 's response , lawyers said , Mr. Curry began discussing the E-mail plot with a college acquaintance who did not work at Morgan Stanley , C. Joseph Luethke .
To that end , Apple also provided an early peek at the Virtual Game Station , a $ 50 software product from the Connectix Corporation that allows Macs to play most of the games available for the popular Sony Playstation game console .
Decision by Geneva-based Morgan Stanley Capital International to change its Asian stock indexes is linked to volatility in Asian stock markets ; on Aug 12 , Morgan Stanley announced it would reinstate Malaysia in two of those indexes ; also said it would adjust its portfolios to double weighting of Taiwan ; to restore Malaysia and bolster Taiwan , Morgan Stanley will reduce relative weighing of other Asian countries in indexes ; that could be crucial to how much foreign investment flows to these countries ; news had drastic effect on Asian markets ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The second shop hired by America Online , the flagship New York office of BBDO Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , will create campaigns meant to stimulate demand for America Online 's products and services .
I.B.M .
RealNetworks said yesterday that Cisco Systems Inc. had agreed to incorporate RealNetworks audio and video broadcasting technology into Cisco products that deliver sound and video over the Internet .
''We feel we have momentum , '' said C. J. Fraleigh , executive director for advertising and corporate marketing at the General Motors Corporation in Detroit , referring to the company 's claiming in 2001 its first overall increase in market share since 1988 , fueled by increased truck sales .
Qwest 's current offer for Frontier is $ 68 a share in Qwest stock and cash .
The Microsoft team listened impassively .
Perfect Dark Zero , another shooting game , may become the marquee title for the 360 , though Microsoft hopes that more than 25 games for the 360 will be available this year .
Pursuit of those contentions was delayed by a dispute between Iridium 's bank lenders and its other creditors in part over who could sue Motorola , according to court documents .
Microsoft , to its credit , has n't touched the standard Word , Excel and PowerPoint file formats for 10 years .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will continue to use Christmas adverting in Hispanic communities until Three Kings Day , when many Hispanic families worship and exchange gifts .
Citigroup Global Markets .
American International Group , the world 's leading insurance company , has agreed to accept an independent monitor and to pay about $ 80 million to settle investigations into the sale of insurance that was used by companies to manipulate their earnings , people briefed on the investigations said yesterday .
The case is the first of more than 200 similar worker lawsuits against I.B.M .
While Xerox said it had not yet seen the lawsuit and therefore could not comment on the specific claims , the company defended itself against allegations of discrimination .
Instead of credit cards , the Xbox Live online service will accept Microsoft value cards that can be purchased in various denominations online or at retail and convenience stores , Mr. Moore said .
Like Amazon , Mr. Bowlin buys ''The Testament '' from the wholesaler for 44 percent off retail , but since he has no overhead or advertising budget he can sell it for 35 percent off .
At many libraries in the Microsoft program , there are now waiting lists to sit at keyboards .
With a new operating system , its own chain of retail stores , the iPod and now a new line of computers that run on Intel processors , this new and more mainstream Apple is catching the attention of Windows users , and many are curious about switching .
''Relational Investors has substantive experience with turnarounds in the retail sector , so their presence on the board will be a strong positive for Home Depot 's shareholders , '' said Richard Ferlauto , director of pension and benefit policy at the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees .
Three days after the event at Newark , Continental announced that it had ordered two new Boeing 777-200ER 's to add to its existing fleet of 18 of that model .
''Every shoe has a story to tell , '' said Chris Zimmerman , advertising director for North America at Nike 's headquarters in Beaverton , Ore .
Providing services when a company is young is likely to build a loyal customer , executives from A.T. & T. and American Express say , an important consideration when every market-share point is sharply contested .
For privacy groups , the fact that Amazon.com defends itself by saying it does not sell to children is a point that the groups would like the F.T.C .
Joe Sharkey column on super-high rates for hotel rooms in New York City ; PKF Consulting 's monthly survey finds average room rate paid in November for highest of five categories of hotels in New York was $ 375.43 , up 19.2 percent from November 2004 ; Marriott and Hilton are among three-star hotel chains opening or planning to open hotels in Manhattan ; rates will average over $ 300 per night ; drawing ( M )
Unlike many Wal-Mart workers , Ms. Caizza was willing to talk to a reporter about her experience because she was fired in June -- for reasons she said had to do with union organizing activities .
For now , most of the foreign aircraft flying in Russia are Boeings -- 74 of 97 Western jets in service .
On Friday , the company got the good news that the Air Force had lifted a 20-month suspension of Boeing 's launching systems group , which had been involved in one of the scandals that gave Mr. Stonecipher the job , although a Justice Department investigation is continuing .
Federal Trade Commission to meet Nov 9 to consider proposed merger of American Online and Time Warner Inc ( S )
The Foveon and Kodak sensors can pack 16.8 million pixels into a square inch .
A.T. & T. 's plan to take over the nation 's biggest cellular telephone company will confront policy makers in Washington with some of the most vexing telecommunications issues since the old Bell System was dismantled almost 10 years ago .
The Ford Motor Company released documents today showing that in 1997 Bridgestone/Firestone began receiving numerous complaints of injuries and property damage involving certain Firestone tires that were not recalled until last Wednesday .
The Netscape Communications Corporation announced a strategy yesterday of sidestepping the Microsoft 's Corporation 's assault on the Internet browser software market and competing directly against the I.B.M .
The European Commission said on Sunday that it would not enforce a Monday deadline for ordering Microsoft to start selling a modified version of its Windows operating system .
Pate before he issues his decision , said Jim Finn , an Oracle spokesman .
Yesterday , Motorola 's shares fell 24 cents , closing at $ 17.92 .
Apple has used Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader in the United States , where he appears as one of a series of revolutionary figures from politics , academia , culture and business .
Shares of Amazon.com closed on Friday at $ 160.25 , up just $ 1.375 for the day , after trading as high as $ 199.125 earlier in the session .
At one point in the Aug. 28 deposition , David Boies , the Government 's lead lawyer , asked Mr. Gates , ''Did you ever try to find out what Microsoft is charged with , what they 're alleged to have done wrong ? ''
Plus , says Mr. Bowlin , ''when you charge a book , I collect your money within a few days from Visa , but I do n't have to pay my wholesaler for that book for 30 days , so I have a free loan which I earn interest on -- just like Amazon . ''
Morgan Stanley advised Integrated Device Technology on its purchase of Integrated Circuit Systems , which was advised by Lehman Brothers and Piper Jaffray .
Some on Wall Street speculated that PeopleSoft 's refusal to comment on Mr. Dutkowsky 's remarks meant that a negotiated deal with Oracle , at a higher price , was not out of the question .
The Ford Motor Company and the Associates First Capital Corporation , a consumer and commercial lending company 80.3 percent owned by Ford , are reviewing allegations that Associates took advantage of borrowers who were poorly educated or from low-income or minority groups , Ford 's chairman , Alex Trotman , said yesterday at a news conference after the Ford shareholders annual meeting .
For Procter , the deal has huge strategic impact .
I.B.M .
It was those slow-growing local phone operations , in fact , that helped make Frontier 's stock a chronic underperformer for the industry in the last few years , even after Joseph P. Clayton , a former sales chief for Thomson Consumer Electronics , was hired as chief executive in 1997 .
The software technology they use is largely supplied by the Microsoft Corporation and includes the Windows operating system with its Outlook Express E-mail program .
Both Apple and Microsoft have focused on adding file retrieval and graphics technologies to their operating systems .
Prudential Insurance executives and industry analysts say that they expect major restructuring of Prudential Insurance Co in view of loss of $ 4 billion contract health insurance contract ; United Healthcare Corp outbid Prudential to win business of American Assn of Retired Persons ; analysts say restructuring would likely mean selling some parts of the business , as well as buying competing insurers , in an effort to dominate the market in some regions of the country ( L )
Mr. Lampert , whose ESL Investments put an additional $ 140 million into Kmart to win control of it along with Martin J. Whitman of Third Avenue Partners , said he saw no need to recast its image to compete with Wal-Mart and Target .
''It 's a good sacrifice for them in the long term , '' he said of Apple 's shift away from the PowerPC .
Lawyers for Coca-Cola moved last week to have the suit dismissed .
Earlier this month , apparently in response to the criminal investigations in Argentina and Mexico , I.B.M .
Unfortunately for Xerox , competitors are aiming at the high end as well .
Tire production data provided by Goodyear today appeared to indicate that the death rate associated with its Load Range E tires is considerably lower than the average for all tires .
The thread 's originator , Brian Rivette , who works at McDonald 's restaurants in Michigan , said in an e-mail exchange , ''Working for a corporation like McDonald 's really makes you an expert on the foods you deal with day in and out . ''
''Our theory is this should work the same way as your filing cabinet , '' said Kathy Kincaid , an I.B.M .
Mr. Bath said Verizon had high customer satisfaction rates and was in ''a great position '' to capitalize on the dissatisfaction of customers who are signed up with its competitors and could be enticed to switch .
Johnson & Johnson bought Scios in 2003 for $ 2.4 billion , mostly because of the strength of the Natrecor franchise .
Mr. Phillips said Oracle was encouraged that PeopleSoft executives appeared to be carefully reviewing Oracle 's latest offer .
The reason , he said , is that if Apple starts advertising the sale of music , ''they 'll be advertising to the whole world . ''
Verizon has already agreed to buy MCI for $ 23.10 a share .
Although Mr. Allen , a 38-year veteran of AT & T , said he had no `` mixed emotions '' about splitting up the company , executives familiar with AT & T said he would have preferred to keep it in one piece .
Apple Inc. , sweeping past even optimistic analyst expectations , delivered $ 1 billion in profit for its first quarter , based largely on the Christmas performance of its iPod music player business .
They went on a buying spree , sending shares of Xerox up $ 1.34 , or 13.5 percent , to $ 11.24 .
Coca-Cola Co is revamping advertising for its flagship soft drink as Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola raise prices ; two soft-drink companies have begun to increase prices for concentrate they sell to bottlers , which will most likely end era of continuous bargains on cans and bottles of soda in supermarkets , drugstroes and mass merchandise outlets ; higher prices , even if they mean lower volume , are intended to make retail business more profitable ; advertising agencies Edge Creative and Leo Burnett Co are developing new ad campaign for Coca-Cola ; photo ( M )
In a subsequent agreement , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , or Icann , extended VeriSign 's rights to manage the lucrative .com database in exchange for giving up management of the .org database .
Judge VanArtsdalen sided with Conrail in rejecting all of Norfolk Southern 's arguments .
In a lawsuit filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan , the 71-year-old musician accused Nike of selling thousands of T-shirts bearing the four-word line and his picture in the last year without his permission .
( CBS 's ''Rock Star : Supernova '' is its own pierced and tattooed niche ; Tommy Lee , a judge , says things like : ''It 's crunch time , dude .
The operators of ships that transport vast quantities of liquid chemicals compete for business from a small number of very large customers , like Dow Chemical and Exxon Mobil , and often work on long-term contracts .
Mr. Parsons , who previously said the biggest driver of Time Warner 's growth would be AOL , said he expected all divisions to devote more resources to digital businesses in 2006 .
CNBC , unit of General Electric Co , takes 12.4 percent equity stake valued at $ 30 milllion in Archipelago , third-largest electronic communications network for trading stocks ; other investors in Archipelago include E*Trade Group Inc , Goldman , Sachs , J P Morgan and Instinet , which is part of Reuters Group ; Archipelago chief executive Gerald D Putnam says he hopes presence of two CNBC executives on Archipelago 's board will help persuade Securities and Exchange Commission that his network is not designed simply to serve institutional investors to detriment of individuals ; deal raises issue of whether CNBC can provide arm's-length coverage of emerging industry of networks when it has investment stake in one of major players ( M )
Judge Kollar-Kotelly ruled that Microsoft must allow computer vendors to replace the icon for Microsoft products like Media Player with icons for rival products , like RealOne Player , on the Windows desktop -- and that Microsoft must not retaliate against the vendors for doing that .
Apple Computer 's net income for third quarter rises to $ 320 million from $ 61 million a year earlier , as revenue rises 75 percent , to $ 3.5 billion , lifted by Ipod music player sales of $ 1.1 billion ; company also cites strong start for latest version of Macintosh OS X operating system , named Tiger , which sold more than two million copies during its first quarter of availability , with revenues of more than $ 100 million ( M )
Deryck C. Maughan , who once ran Salomon Brothers before Travelers bought it , will become a vice chairman of Citigroup in a less crucial role that the company described as devising and implementing corporate strategy .
Instead of continuing to recruit brokers rapidly , as it did through last year , Morgan Stanley is focusing on making its brokers more productive and attracting more customers with $ 1 million to $ 10 million to invest .
But in recent days , a series of stunning announcements have signaled that Chrysler , despite all those efforts , has not been able to escape many of the same problems bedeviling General Motors and the Ford Motor Company .
''After the holidays , the days of picture-tube TV 's are gone , '' said Geoff Shavey , the TV buyer for Costco .
The Intel Corporation reported second- quarter revenues and earnings that fell slightly short of analysts ' estimates , a situation the company attributed to a normal seasonal slowdown .
But in a curious twist in their decision to take on the company that epitomizes the supremacy of the nation 's high-technology industry , they stopped short of asking the court to block the release of Microsoft 's latest version of its operating system , Windows 98 .
And this month , Wrigley said it would team up with Procter & Gamble , the maker of Crest toothpaste , to create a chewing gum that would offer added dental benefits .
But the Microsoft vision is that Internet services can complement rather than cannibalize the company 's traditional business if they are built into products like Windows .
Clearly , Microsoft has big plans for business software .
The News Corporation owns the Fox Network and dozens of local affiliates as well as the increasingly powerful Fox News Channel and a clutch of heavily watched regional Fox Sports networks .
Yahoo substantially increased its already large cash reserves to $ 2.3 billion in cash and securities , up from $ 1.4 billion .
MICROSOFT 'S entry into the encyclopedia suite market is another space hog : 28 megabytes for the encyclopedia , 40 MB for the search function ( based on queries written in ordinary language ) , 17 MB for the text-to-speech engine , 15 MB for the speech-recognition engine , 72 MB for Virtual Globe 99 , 5 megabytes for Bookshelf 99 , 4 megabytes for the Research Organizer and 15 megabytes for ''shared system components , '' for a total of 196 megabytes .
Franklin 's device , far less common than Palm 's , reads electronic books in Microsoft 's or Adobe 's formats and costs about $ 130 .
''Intel is well positioned for the recovery because the purchases are in notebooks and servers , '' said Michael McConnell , an analyst at Pacific Crest Securities .
Vonage said yesterday that its quarterly loss narrowed and sales rose 64 percent amid a fierce legal battle with Verizon Communications that has left its future in question .
's help , the program now has more than five times the two million users it had when I.B.M .
The Government wants the court to order Microsoft to remove its Internet browsing software , Internet Explorer , from its next-generation operating system , Windows 98 , or put Netscape Communications ' Navigator browser on Windows 98 .
''Everything I see says we are turning , '' said Philip M. Condit , Boeing 's chairman and chief executive , who came under fire from investors last year when the company 's share price sagged more than 30 percent .
''Wal-Mart is the ultimate Big Brother in corporate America , '' Mr. Lynn said .
Viacom has some video game programming on on its other Internet sites .
The new version , however , includes many of Microsoft 's latest search technologies , ensuring that high-speed data connections and the peppier processors in today 's smartphones wo n't go to waste .
Mr. Weill said he waited until July 7 to talk with Mr. Willumstad , who said he had accepted that he would never be chief executive of Citigroup .
Exxon and Mobil are caught in this squeeze .
Verizon also said that it would unveil a faster plan this summer that will offer 3-mbp download and 768-kbp upload speeds .
So starting next year , he plans to take some of the money he spends to list items on eBay and try a new marketing strategy : placing ads alongside Google 's search results .
Yesterday Coca-Cola shares continued to decline , falling $ 3.563 , to close at $ 59.50 .
Citigroup said some of the reserve would also cover pending regulatory inquiries and private suits relating to Enron and WorldCom .
Yahoo 's shares rose 64 cents , to $ 17.73 .
The e-mail messages of high-ranking Microsoft executives engaged in software development are to be saved for at least four years .
Gerald M. Levin , the chairman and chief executive of Time Warner , said that with Mr. Ames 's appointment for the first time in about two decades the Warner Music Group would be led by someone from the music business , rather than a general corporate executive .
That may make for a hard balancing act , he said , as he tries not to divert ad dollars from the sodas that still account for the vast majority of PepsiCo sales .
Indeed , Yahoo 's offer of stock worth $ 113.66 for each Geocities share , was a 52 percent premium over the company 's share price Wednesday .
Microsoft hopes that the format will be widely adopted not just on disc , where it enables more sound and images to be included , but also in the burgeoning field of digital movie production , distribution and projection , since it enables films to be stored and transmitted faster and more cheaply .
Euro RSCG Tatham will remain a Procter & Gamble agency for brands like Biz , Metamucil and Clearasil .
The earliest versions of Netscape 's Navigator and Microsoft 's Explorer were little more than means for navigating the Internet 's World Wide Web .
But pen computers like Microsoft 's Tablet PC have had only lukewarm success , and writing notes on a palmtop requires learning a kind of shorthand .
Goldman Sachs Group hires Bear Stearns Companies senior executive David M Solomon and names him co-head of its high-yield and leveraged-finance businesses ( S )
The company would also lose if existing customers were to swap their current American Express cards for an American Express issued by a bank , Mr. Robertson of The Nilson Report said .
''In our commercial jet operation , the speed with which we have gotten back on our feet has surprised a lot of people , '' said Phil Condit , Boeing 's chief executive .
Retailers were among the biggest losers yesterday , dragged down by Wal-Mart , which fell $ 1.29 , to $ 46.81 , and whose troubles reverberated through the market .
Dow Corning 's agreement was estimated by court officials to be about 20 percent larger .
Much of the fuel for the growth appears to come from small investors who trade rapidly , not the kind of long-term buyer willing to wait years for Yahoo or other Internet pioneers to deliver the huge profits implicit in today 's valuations .
Interpublic is required only to disclose the bonuses paid to the most highly compensated principal executives and that is what the proxy does , listing the payments to five others in addition to Mr. Bell , Mr. Coughlin and Mr. Dooner .
The people involved in the merger talks said Johnson & Johnson wanted to pay in the low- to mid- $ 60 range a share , while Guidant was still asking for a price in the high $ 60 's to low $ 70 's .
Citigroup is among the biggest advertisers , a CNBC spokesman said .
The events that led to the discovery of the problem began last Thursday , when a Boeing technician realized that the moisture barriers , which the company produces at a plant in Spokane , Wash. , did not match the engineering drawings for them .
A key charge in the Government 's case against Microsoft is that the company threatened to crush Netscape if it did not cede to Microsoft the market for browsers written for Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
Signaling a return to profitability for VeriSign , a provider of Internet security and domain registration services , Stratton Sclavos , left , the president and chief executive , said yesterday that the company would report a first-quarter profit in line with analysts ' expectations of about 20 cents a share .
Unless it can find new drugs to improve its prospects , Merck may be forced to announce more job cuts , Mr. Moskowitz said .
He added that the basic ingredients of today 's networks , including the routers and switches that are Cisco 's bread-and-butter products , also contributed to the company 's strong performance .
''We want our associates to know that the situation has been fixed , that overtime calculations now are being done correctly , and that we 've added safeguards to our payroll processes to make sure these types of errors do n't happen again , '' said Sue Oliver , senior vice president of Wal-Mart 's human resources division .
In an interview , Mr. Diller said he had been trying to convince Microsoft to sell Expedia to him for nearly three years , although talks only became serious six months ago .
It was a coup even for Charlie Rose , whose mood-lit television studio can be a revolving door for movie stars and heads of state : an interview with the camera-shy chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores , H. Lee Scott Jr .
The company plans to base its new line of network-oriented processors on what it is calling the Intel Internet Exchange Architecture , or IX , an open specification for the design of a system of hardware components that can be linked together to provide the framework for Internet devices .
Kodak received a gold Edison Award and the Grand Edison for new-product marketer of the year for its Advantix line of cameras and film .
Mr. Falco and his new deputy , Ron Grant , made their first moves yesterday to run AOL for the long haul by doing something its employees have become accustomed to in the six tumultuous years since the company merged with Time Warner : reorganizing the executive suite .
That is because Liberty not only owns stock in News Corporation , but its stake in UnitedGlobalCom would be a natural fit with News Corporation .
Steven J. Freiberg , 48 , who is chairman and chief executive of Citigroup 's North American credit card group , will head up all the North American operations .
Several lawyers who sued Wal-Mart also noted that over the years Wal-Mart had ordered its employees to make sure to clock out when they took lunch and breaks .
Tina Brown 's announcement that she is quitting as editor of The New Yorker to develop magazine , television shows and movies with Miramax Films unit of Walt Disney Co , puts her in middle of one of hottest fashions in media industry : melding of journalism and Hollywood ; Peter Bart , editor of Daily Variety , calls magazine articles 'the source du jour for movies ' ; situation has heightened concerns about how need to generate movie ideas has potential to warp journalistic principles and to create conflicts of interest within media conglomerates ; there have been allegations , usually denied , that entertainment companies like Disney and Time Warner have used publications they own to promote films or other projects produced by their studios ( M )
The show and its companion Web site ( netmusiccountdown.com ) are made up of statistics gathered from online music sources : Apple 's iTunes music store , for instance , and Amazon .
Who has not spent hours trying to fix crashed programs or dialing into help lines at great cost , while helping Microsoft find bugs in its software ?
''It 's an attack by I.B.M . ''
But a reversal of the 1980 's trend is unlikely , and few here expect the Goodyear deal to herald a new flood of foreign takeovers .
Mr. Kristal said the jury was right to find Honeywell partly responsible , although he acknowledged that no epidemiological studies show that brake linings cause disease .
In Town amended the lawsuit three months later to include as defendant Avendra , a hotel-supplies company in Rockville , Md. , of which Marriott has majority ownership .
An underweight rating for a major investment bank like Morgan Stanley is rare , as analysts are typically kind to their fellow Wall Street firms .
I.B.M .
Ford was largely ignoring safety in its ads after finding in its market research that most potential buyers of Explorers had few concerns about the vehicle as long as it was not equipped with Firestone tires , said Al Giombetti , Ford 's light truck marketing manager .
Throughout his testimony , Mr. Norris said that Microsoft demanded that I.B.M .
Chambers said that barring a drastic turn in the economy , Cisco expected its sales to grow 3 percent to 5 percent in the current quarter .
Sure , they talked up Xerox 's new low-end printers , and its growing lines of digital copiers .
Novell 's once-lucrative business is now squarely in the cross hairs of the Microsoft Corporation , whose Windows NT is making a bid to take over the networking software market .
Eugene Fram , a marketing professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology who has studied Wal-Mart for years , said that focusing on a line like Mainstays indicated that Wal-Mart could be modifying its all-discount approach to retail .
Both Yahoo and Microsoft have struggled recently as Google has grabbed an increasing portion of the online advertising market .
Food and Drug Administration approves use of artificial sweetener known as Ace-K ( acesulfame potassium ) in soft drinks ; Pepsico Inc to roll out new diet cola nationwide by Oct that will use both Ace-K , marketed by Hoechst AG as Sunett , and aspartame ; Ace-K , which gives diet soft drinks longer shelf life , is already used in baked goods and other products in United States and is common in diet beverages sold abroad ; Coca-Cola Co again says it has no immediate plans to change formulation of Diet Coke ( M )
He said that I.B.M .
PalmOne 's e-mail program comes with presets for 100 e-mail systems ( AOL , Gmail , .Mac , AT & T , Yahoo , Cablevision and more ) .
Before the earnings report was released , Motorola 's shares closed up 10 cents , at $ 17.05 , a 52-week high .
Although Verizon and the union reached a settlement , they showed some evidence of lingering bad feelings .
I.B.M .
With his seat on the board , Mr. Batchelder is expected to push the company to Home Depot Supply , a new unit that supplied professional contractors with lumber , cement and pipes .
Coca-Cola Bottling Officials Indicted in Anti-Union Plot
Microsoft had asked the circuit court to vacate those findings because of Judge Jackson 's meetings with reporters to discuss his views of the case .
''We have and will continue to cooperate with the District Attorney 's investigation , '' said Jeanmarie McFadden , a spokeswoman for Morgan Stanley , in a prepared statement .
Last night 's advertisement involved smoking cessation and directed viewers to a Web site , www.mytimetoquit.com that links to information about Chantix , Pfizer 's prescription stop-smoking drug .
Tensions in the Intel-Microsoft relationship continued over Internet software .
Though Mr. Stemberg was not predicting that the e-business would ever totally replace the Staples bricks-and-mortar retail stores , he did forecast that the Internet could account for as much as $ 50 billion , or 25 percent of total revenue in the office supplies industry , the next few years .
Merck has also claimed that its position is supported by the F.D.A .
Analysts said that Apple could only benefit from Freemac 's offer but that the company was right to stay out of the free computer business itself .
In making its announcement today , McDonald 's said it had worked with animal welfare specialists and Environmental Defense , an advocacy group often at odds with the food and agriculture industries , to rethink the use of antibiotics .
In 2001 the French game company Infogrames acquired the toy company Hasbro and with it the rights to the Atari name , and in 2003 a new Atari was born .
Much of the cross-examination focused on an Intel software initiative called ''native signal processing , '' or N.S.P. , which was intended to improve the ability of personal computers to play high-quality audio and video .
Mr. Jobs insists that Apple has been able roughly to double its consumer market share the last year and argues that it has in part been held back by economic downturns in the publishing and advertising markets , where it has traditionally been strong , as well as by missteps it made in the education market .
operation , and Verizon would have spent an additional $ 450 million to help the combined operation expand .
''What Intel is telling you is , 'Hey , the world did n't end , ' '' he said .
Pfizer , the maker of Bextra and Celebrex , continues to sell both drugs but has limited marketing .
Stocks and bonds rally in Brazil on news that Moody 's Investors Service is contemplating upgrade of country 's debt rating ; Moody 's says economic recovery has allowed Brazil to shrink its budget deficit , reducing chances of debt default ( S )
As for the shares in Time Warner Cable , AT & T Comcast will have the right to force a public offering 90 days after the Time Warner Entertainment deal closes next year .
Company executives hailed the project as a make-or-break effort to design PowerPC chips intended to be , among other things , a crucial weapon to wrest technological control of the PC industry from Intel and Microsoft .
Merck , under pressure from investors and analysts to cut costs and pare thousands of employees from its payroll , said yesterday that it would soon announce details of its long-awaited restructuring plan .
Intel can retaliate in numerous ways , Ms. Conigliaro said , such as putting Digital at the end of the line for chips that are in heavy demand .
Its financing and insurance arm , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , came in stronger than expected , adding $ 393 million , up from $ 313 million in the corresponding period last year .
That disagreement became a very public dispute starting in October when the Justice Department sued Microsoft , contending that the company was violating its 1995 consent decree with the Government by forcing PC makers to take its Internet Explorer browser as a condition of licensing Windows .
The merger is another step in the consolidation of the information technology industry as it matures , according to many industry analysts and Oracle 's founder and chief executive , Lawrence J. Ellison .
A Walkman-Style PC Leads the I.B.M .
Boeing Co 's chairman and chief executive , Philip M Condit , tells Wall Street analysts that company is reviewing all its operations in relentless effort to increase profits ; says any program that does not measure up will be dropped or sold ; in last 18 months , company posted its first annual loss in 50 years and saw its stock price take nose dive ; preliminary assessment done by company found about 10 percent , or $ 1.3 billion , of its $ 13 billion in equity is invested in money-losing operations ; but 25 percent of its equity is making better return than most profitable companies in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index ; tough review could bring wrenching decisions for Boeing , such as canceling slow-selling new 100-seat 717 passenger jet it inherited when it bought McDonnell Douglas Corp ; it could also heighten tensions with International Assn of Machinists , Boeing 's largest union , as they approach contract negotiations later this year ( M )
Intel 's new instruction set will allow all three computations to be done at the same time .
and Boeing , the aircraft maker , as a result of the July 17 , 1996 , mid-air disaster that killed 230 people .
Mr. Brass even acknowledges being an accomplice to the group of Silicon Valley executives that worked behind the scenes to help persuade the Justice Department to bring its antitrust suit against Microsoft .
No Time for EBay ?
Mr. Semel said , however , that Yahoo 's biggest initiative -- creating services that millions of users would pay fees for -- has taken longer than expected .
''Intel is pushing this very aggressively , '' he said .
The service will compete with New York Sidewalk from Microsoft , Digital Cities New York from America Online and Citysearch New York from Citysearch , a privately held company .
( Microsoft says it belongs to the same virus information-sharing cooperative as Symantec , McAfee and other antivirus companies . )
In November 2004 , a former Goldman Sachs wunderkind , Eric Mindich , began Eton Park Capital Management with more than $ 3 billion .
MacManus Group in New York is consolidating its large Procter & Gamble Company accounts by shifting brands from its smaller agency , N. W. Ayer & Partners , to its larger one , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Communications .
Symantec saw a 13 percent increase in the flurry of publicity .
But Mr. Jobs , a co-founder of Apple who was later ousted from the company , once successfully wooed an initially skeptical John Sculley away from the larger Pepsico to lead Apple .
David M. Colburn , a senior vice president of America Online , the nation 's largest on-line service , stated that Microsoft 's willingness ''to bundle America Online in some form with the Windows operating system was a critically important competitive factor that was impossible for Netscape to match . ''
The shareholders of Dean Witter , Discover & Company and the Morgan Stanley Group Inc. each approved the merger in separate votes on Wednesday .
ERROR DOWNS SEVERAL MICROSOFT SITES
Correction : September 24 , 2005 , Saturday A chart in the Street Scene section of Business Day yesterday comparing Bank of America 's performance in Europe with that of Citigroup was mislabeled .
Microsoft Asks Appeals Court To Void Ruling
The linchpin of the Microsoft defense is that , yes , the company may be big , powerful and even nasty at times -- ''the antitrust laws are not a code of civility in business , '' Mr .
''It has to be done in a delicate way , '' said Philip B. Dusenberry , chairman for the North American operations of BBDO Worldwide in New York , part of the Omnicom Group .
Bill Isaacson , the Dallas-based regional manager for a large manufacturing concern , hands out CD-ROM 's with full-color copies of his company 's catalog in Microsoft Word format .
It may dominate the market for PC operating software , Microsoft says , but the Internet is a wide-open frontier .
The chain may eventually cover the cost of the khakis , too , but for now , workers must buy the pants , which retail for about $ 15 at Wal-Mart , on their own .
Priceline will still not reveal the airline or flights until after a customer bids for a ticket and enters a credit card number .
Citigroup 's earnings rose 12 percent in the fourth quarter , despite a difficult environment for capital markets and corporate lending .
The three-way combination of Time Warner , AOL and EMI would have been difficult to get past antitrust regulators , and the EMI deal was called off to appease them .
A new Apple computer .
Draft FCB made presentations two weeks ago to Wal-Mart executives , who also at that time heard from three other agencies taking part in the account review : GSD & M ; another Interpublic agency , the Martin Agency ; and an agency owned by the WPP Group , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide .
They can only resent Apple 's success in bringing podcasting to the masses with its own stamp all over it .
Web purists who long believed that Slate , the online magazine founded by Michael Kinsley and bankrolled by Microsoft , was never a bona fide digital media service now have a final , damning piece of evidence .
Although Wal-Mart remains the nation 's largest retailer -- dwarfing competitors like Sears , Kmart , Kohl 's and Target -- revenue at individual Target stores has been far more robust than at Wal-Mart , which has generally relied on new stores for growth .
The families accused Boeing , the plane 's manufacturer , of the faulty design of a fuel pump motor .
Unless a cheap Macintosh is artfully crippled , many existing Apple customers might decide to scale down instead of scaling up .
The imminent teaming up again of Apple and TBWA Chiat/Day was disclosed yesterday by advertising executives familiar with Apple 's decision who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
Xerox , offsetting a 6 percent slump in sales with a 13 percent cut in costs , said yesterday that it had earned $ 105 million , or 5 cents a share , in the third quarter .
The ChevronTexaco Corporation announced that it planned to buy the 1.2-million-square-foot Louisiana Street building from its current owner , the Intell Management and Investment Company of New York , and consolidate offices now spread over five buildings downtown and in the outskirts of the city .
DuPont has agreed to settle a class-action lawsuit in which West Virginia residents accused the company of having contaminated local water supplies with an important chemical used to make Teflon products .
Sanford I. Weill has a well-known aversion to staging succession contests , but he may be laying the groundwork for just such a horse race within Citigroup 's investment banking business .
Yahoo shares fell $ 2.13 , or 10.2 percent , to $ 18.79 yesterday .
The Northrop Grumman Corporation , which employed 25,000 people on Long Island in the mid-1980 's , continued its inexorable retreat from the regional economy yesterday , with the announcement that 445 workers -- all of them at the company 's former headquarters in Bethpage -- would be laid off or relocated .
Microsoft denies the charges that it offers a $ 3 discount on Windows 95 for discriminating against Netscape .
Merck hopes to win approval for that combined drug early next year .
In New York , for example , the Communications Workers of America has presented state regulators and legislators with evidence it says shows that Verizon 's cuts to investment and labor have hurt customer service -- encouraging state officials to take a closer look at Verizon 's performance .
European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co , parent company of Airbus Industrie , is tackling management problems at Airbus ; Airbus has created airplane , A380 , that can not go into service on schedule for want of proper electrical wiring , and has proved unable to reapir this slip for want of competent management ; EADS has appointed French co-chief executive Louis Gallois to head Airbus , succeeding Christian Streiff , who resigned after turbulent 100-day tenure ; putting seasoned operator like Gallois in charge may halt management chaos that has rocked Airbus since disclosure in June of delays in delivery of its A380 jumbo jet ; shake-up is not likely to ease political pressures that buffeted Airbus from all sides ; nor will erase cultural divide between French and German interests that has bedeviled Airbus ever since it was founded by two countries in 1970 as challenge to Boeing ; photos ( L )
Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua , automotive executive accused of stealing secrets from General Motors when he left GM to take senior position at Volkswagen in 1992 , tells Spanish court that he will not return voluntarily to US to face charges of industrial espionage because he is not guilty and is unfit to stand trial after suffering brain damage from 1998 auto crash that left him in coma for three months ; photo ( M )
By the same token , the News Corporation 's 40 percent stake in the Rangers would prohibit any further investment in an N.H.L .
The love fest between Wall Street and Cisco Systems reached a new level of ardor today as the company surpassed earnings estimates and reported a 53 percent gain in revenue for the second quarter , prompting investors to send its shares to a 52-week high .
Seth E Lipner Op-Ed article on $ 1.4 billion settlement between Wall Street regulators and 10 investment banks opposes costly and complex restitution plans ; prefers fines to restitution funds as way to deter wrongdoing ; says fines are retained by government , and in this way government pays for its own regulatory activity out of pockets of wrongdoers , rather than out of pockets of taxpayers ; recalls problems with restitution fund created for investors in Prudential Securities case in 1980 's ( M )
With several new product offerings and a $ 100 million marketing budget , I.B.M .
But , perhaps because there is just so much money floating around this region as a result of Microsoft , people here say they feel no immediate threat from the Justice Department .
MAESA PETROLEUM INC. , Vancouver , British Columbia , said it was negotiating to buy a 49 percent stake in a Louisiana casino company in exchange for one million shares of common stock and $ 1.3 million in working capital .
Microsoft insists on owning the rights , but many Silicon Alley developers say the company is unwilling to pay enough .
An article in Business Day yesterday about Yahoo 's acquisition of the online Musicmatch service , referred imprecisely to songs that can be played on the Apple iPod .
But the business Whirlpool is in may well be among the toughest for corporations with global ambitions .
In June , Microsoft shifted its focus from desktop software to services offered on the Internet .
Advertising column describes efforts of Iomega Corp , leader in portable data storage , to lift its brand into name-recognition status enjoyed by Microsoft 's Windows , Apple 's Macintosh and Intel 's Pentium chips ; Iomega 's Zip drive is featured in TV commercials running on several popular prime-time shows ( M )
By this measure Accenture paid taxes at a rate of 5.3 percent of 1999 profits , 8.7 percent of 2000 profits and 66.7 percent last year .
Mr. Raskin , who named the Macintosh after his favorite apple but altered the spelling for copyright reasons , played a significant role in transforming computers into friendlier machines , helping to catapult them into the commercial sphere .
Mr. Noglows considers Yahoo -- a gateway for Web surfers for information , electronic mail , shopping and other Internet services -- one of the stars of his sector .
But Celebrex sales have plunged since 2004 because of concerns that the drug causes heart damage , and Pfizer stopped selling Bextra last year under pressure from regulators .
That work includes television commercials featuring assertive young photographers who relate tongue-in-cheek ''tall tales '' about Kodak products , a dented Gremlin , U.F.O .
THE OMNICOM GROUP , the world 's second-largest advertising agency company , is forming a division to specialize in interactive marketing and media in another strong step by Madison Avenue to become more deeply involved in those realms .
In sum , the District Court erred when it resolved the parties ' remedies-phase factual disputes by consulting only the evidence introduced during trial and plaintiffs ' remedies-phase submissions , without considering the evidence Microsoft sought to introduce .
Marsico Capital Management , run by Thomas F Marsico , former Janus Capital manager , bought more than seven million shares of General Motors stock in first quarter ; purchase was worth about $ 450 million ; Fidelity Investments more than doubled its stake in GM in quarter , to 10.5 million shares ( S )
Under the agreement , the companies ended the licensing contract at the center of the dispute , which gave Microsoft the right to incorporate Java , the most popular language for programs that run on the World Wide Web , into the Windows operating system .
But last month , a friend of Mr. Patterson 's wife was surfing the Internet when she stumbled upon a posting for the belt on the Internet auction site eBay , the police said .
News Corporation officials said that although News Digital Media would be closed down , the Web sites and many of the workers would be moved to Fox News Channel , Fox Sports Channel and Fox Television .
In statements to Judge Victor Marrero yesterday , both Ms. Collotta -- who wept throughout -- and Mr. Collotta said that from September 2004 to August 2005 , they conspired with Marc Jurman , a high school friend of Mr. Collotta and a broker in Boca Raton , Fla. , to commit insider trading based on information about four deals that Ms. Collotta had learned about through her position on Morgan Stanley 's compliance committee .
The tires will be replaced with non-Firestone brands , mainly Goodyear and Michelin , in a program that is expected to take up to nine months to complete .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc halts sales of Maxim , Stuff and FHM , men 's magazines that feature mix of scantily clad starlets and bawdy humor but go to some lengths to avoid being labeled as pornography ; Wal-Mart has been under pressure from Christian groups in past over its distribution of various magazines ; spokeswoman Melissa Berryhill comments ; Stephen Colvin , president of Dennis Publishing USA , which owns Maxim and Stuff , says Wal-Mart accounts for less than 3 percent of copies company sells at newsstands ; Maxim , Stuff and FHM have combined circulation of almost five million ; officials at FHM , which is owned by Emap PLC , says Wal-Mart has right to make product decision , but disagrees with decision ; photo ( M )
A Xerox technologist will describe a new material today that allows the creation of ''printed '' plastic transistors , which the company says could one day make possible inexpensive , lightweight and flexible displays for cellphones , laptops and televisions .
An AT & T spokeswoman declined to disclose the value of the agreement with the Alcatel Alsthom unit but said the entire project was valued at $ 2.6 billion .
Oracle Executive Tells Court PeopleSoft Offer May Be Cut
The fierce rivalry between Airbus and Boeing , which has already ignited claims of unfair trade practices on both sides of the Atlantic , seems likely to heat up further , with signs that Airbus will build a competitor to Boeing 's new midsize jetliner , the 7E7 .
Federal District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel grants class-action status to lawsuit filed in San Francisco on behalf of more than 700 female workers claiming that Costco Wholesale systematically discriminated against women seeking jobs as managers ; suit , filed in August 2004 , contends that assistant general manager and general manager positions are doled out through informal , word-of-mouth system that favors men over women ( M )
Less than a week after disappointing investors with a sharp drop in quarterly earnings , Intel plans to announce a fresh assault on the business computing market Monday as part of a plan to stem its loss of market share to Advanced Micro Devices .
Ron Johnson , who runs the Wal-Mart office of the Walt Disney Company 's consumer product division , learned about the group at the annual company meeting and immediately signed a card left on his chair .
For example , in a glitzy 60-second commercial scheduled to start running tomorrow , the Cadillac division of General Motors will show its 2005 STS sedan challenging models from the BMW 5-Series and the Mercedes-Benz E-Class by crashing a car party in an elegant European ballroom .
The offset was that margins were a little bit better , which shows Intel 's control of the cost structure . ''
The United Healthcare Corporation has given the drug the lowest reimbursement it offers , while Kaiser Permanente of California is considering not covering Celebrex at all .
The Apple services are free , as long as you have access to a relatively current Macintosh with a PowerPC processor .
Indeed , Amazon is the first video service to license the original ''Star Trek '' series .
As for the rising rates , ''I can afford it , I guess , '' he said , as he loaded beverages into his Jeep Grand Cherokee outside a local Costco .
Under today 's agreement , Microsoft offered computer manufacturers two additional options .
Western media companies , including Viacom , have struggled to get their programming onto television in China , and they have often been frustrated by new regulations , restrictions , delays and other hurdles .
''I would not call what Yahoo did 'best practices , ' '' said Fran Maier , the group 's executive director .
''We were looking for an agency with entrepreneurial-type thinking that would fit with our entrepreneurial approach and show that it understood the female target and the health-and-beauty category , '' said Lorrie King , vice president for marketing and product at Boots Retail USA in Stamford , Conn .
The eight late-night changes to the proposed consent decree would broaden the disclosures Microsoft must make to rivals about the operation of its powerful software for data-serving machines .
IBM says it will spend $ 300 million over next three years to develop Linux consulting services ; says move will boost Linus , free computer operating system ; photo ( M )
In addition , Sears will receive $ 200 million a year for 10 years as part of the marketing and servicing alliance with Citigroup .
In Nasdaq trading , Amazon shares closed at $ 117.0625 , up 75 cents .
Most notably , the Hotmail E-mail service Microsoft bought last year signs up 150,000 new users a day .
Philippe Krakowsky , a spokesman at Interpublic , confirmed a report of the decision yesterday in AdAge.com .
Exxon Mobil and Chevron also warned of gasoline disruptions .
The strength of the overall PC market , and Intel 's dominance within that market , meant Intel was able to sell these higher-priced chips and reap higher revenues and profit margins .
That trial should have discouraged doctors from using too much epoetin and encouraged Amgen to study the risks further , said Dr. Steven Fishbane , a nephrologist at Winthrop-University Hospital on Long Island .
As it has threatened to do , the European Commission is expected to fine Microsoft hundreds of millions of euros on Wednesday for failing to provide information to its competitors .
Development Work Finished On Microsoft Windows 2000
The company said it would not be providing outlook for the current quarter ''given the uncertainty surrounding the Verizon litigation . ''
Yahoo and most of the major Internet companies do not sell profile information to others , as magazine publishers and credit card companies often do .
I.B.M .
Motorola 's chip sales were down 16 percent , to $ 1.8 billion , and orders declined 5 percent .
The communications workers estimate that Verizon 's unionized service representatives are paid an average of $ 26 an hour , about double the pay of service representatives in the nonunion wireless operations .
Market Place column on speculation about who will succeed John F Smith Jr as chairman and chief executive of General Motors Corp ; Smith has delegated considerable responsibility to Harry J Pearce , vice chairman , and G Richard Wagoner Jr , president and chief operating officer ; Smith has not said when he would retire , but his often visible weariness and his increasing delegation of responsibility has prompted considerable speculation that he might retire within next year ; photo ( M )
Over the last two weeks , Aetna 's stock , which had fallen from $ 99.25 last May to $ 38.50 in February , rebounded after the company confirmed reports that it had received the offer to discuss a sale of the company for $ 70 a share , or about $ 9.9 billion .
For CBS 's Fall Lineup , Check Inside Your Refrigerator
Tony Coughlan , an Accenture executive , said that the company 's worldwide tax rate in the year ending this month is expected to be about 38 percent of profits and that a fair share of those taxes are paid in the United States .
American consumers continued to flock to car dealerships in February despite economic slowdown , producing another unexpectedly strong month for auto sales ; sales fell 6 percent from February 2000 , but year-earlier month had been one of best in industry 's history ; seasonally adjusted annual rate of sales was 17.5 million vehicles ; brisk sales , combined with slower shipments to factories , helped car dealers clear lots that had become crammed with unsold vehicles earlier this winter ; General Motors has 87-day inventory of unsold vehicles , Ford Motor 's inventory is down to 80 days and Chrysler has 58-day supply , its lowest since July 1999 ; sales at GM declined 9.5 percent from year earlier , while Chrysler 's dropped 10.5 percent and Ford 's were down 11.2 percent ; sales figures for Honda , Mitsubishi Motors , Nissan , BMW and Volkswagen noted ; graph ; charts ( M )
After years of fighting unionization efforts , Wal-Mart Stores , the world 's largest retailer , said on Wednesday that it would work closely with Chinese officials to establish labor unions at all its outlets in this country .
Microsoft has conducted a wide-ranging search since last November when Pete Higgins , a group vice president , stepped down to take a permanent leave of absence .
's more powerful IntelliStation desktop PC 's and data-serving computers powered by Intel microprocessors , the chips used in most PC 's .
Boeing 's approach is to build new big jets that are slightly less than gigantic ; it hopes , for example , that the stretch version of its 777 that it is building will be the market 's replacement for old 747 's .
Regulators say it was her nephew , David Pajcin , a 29-year-old former Goldman Sachs bond research analyst , who made the trades .
Despite the leadership change , AT & T is proceeding with talks with companies including AOL Time Warner , Comcast , Cox Communications and Microsoft that may be interested in either acquiring or investing in the cable unit .
Instead , I.B.M .
Merck stopped selling Vioxx last September , after a clinical trial showed that it increased heart risks compared with a placebo .
The first product from the alliance , expected later this year , is to link Novell 's Netware software , which controls the flow of data across computer networks , with A.T. & T. 's Definity Communications Systems , which are sophisticated computerized switchboards for large in-house telephone systems , known as PBX 's .
Dean Stoyer , a spokesman for Nike , said the company and Woods were not in any way exploiting the father-son relationship so soon after Earl Woods 's death on May 3 .
Chief Executive Of McDonald 's Plans to Retire
Apple sold 10.5 million iPods during the quarter .
Southwest Airlines Pondering A Bigger Start in Philadelphia
The new bodybymilk.com Web site was created by the Chicago office of Weber Shandwick Worldwide , part of Interpublic .
''Cost trends are continuing to rise , '' said Lori M. Price , an analyst at Chase H & Q , making it hard for Aetna to increase profits .
The extent of the records that I.B.M .
Dick Brass runs four product development teams at Microsoft Corp , which he joined three years ago after making millions at Oracle Corp and as early investor in wireless company ; seeks to develop new kind of computer : fully powered Windows 'tablet , ' unfettered by keyboards or cables , that would always be with owner , always be on and always wirelessly connected to Internet ; he will join William H Gates in first detailed demonstration of new computer ; photo ( M )
This holiday season , the gap is expected to grow even wider .
One of Ford 's previous finance chiefs , John M. Devine , now holds the post at General Motors , which he joined in 2001 after a brief stint at a dot-com .
Kodak said the Scitex unit would add $ 190 million to sales in its first full year as a Kodak subsidiary .
''Gift cards are like cellphones or handbags , '' said Shannelle Armstrong , a McDonald 's spokeswoman .
Interpublic has suffered significant losses at a division devoted to auto racing , which could still climb far higher than initially estimated .
Her presence has not gone over particularly well with the lawyers for Mr. Welch , the former chairman of General Electric .
The 12-person witness list for the Justice Department and 20 states suing Microsoft reflects the new evidence added to the case since May .
''In his personal capacity , from time to time , Bob has talked to the governor and his staff , '' said Leah Johnson , a spokeswoman for Citigroup .
Mr. Norling said he recused himself from any Premier discussions involving Express Scripts .
Given how prudently she handled her last day at NBC , it is hard to believe she will be less credible as the anchor of the ''CBS Evening News . ''
Comcast 's late start , analysts said , is one reason the company 's stock has declined 6.9 percent this year .
Wal-Mart rang up about 20 percent of total toy sales in the United States by dollar this year , the same proportion held by Toys ''R '' Us a decade ago , said Tom Goetzinger , a senior analyst for Morningstar .
But some part-time Wal-Mart workers said they were happy with their current jobs .
It was here , in the early 1980 's , that Mr. Mattrick founded Distinctive Software , one of the first PC game companies , which was acquired by Electronic Arts in 1985 .
So it was no surprise last week that there was keen interest in the shares of American Express and the PNC Bank Corporation , in which Mr. Buffett 's company , Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , said it had large holdings .
Walt Crowley , a regional historian and creator of www.historylink.org , said Boeing had always loomed large in the area 's imagination .
''Morgan Stanley , Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs .
But companies are starting to tell Microsoft that they are willing to use only part of its software protection technologies , he said .
Federal criminal investigation into Computer Associates ' accounting has intensified , with prosecutors in Brooklyn issuing grand jury subpoenas for testimony and documents from fromer employees and company 's customers ; use of grand jury signals that prosecutors have decided to devote significant time and effort to inquiry ; prosecutors are examining whether top executives inflated company 's sales and profits during last 1990 's to reach $ 1.1 billion payday that was tied to performance of company 's stock ; are also looking into accounting change that company made in 2000 that effectively allowed company to coount some of its sales and profits twice ; Computer Associates has said its accounting is proper ; client Allstate Corp and former Computer Associates employee Mary Welch say they have received subpoenas to testify or provide documents to grand jury ; photo ( M )
New Jersey Dept of Banking and Insurance confirms that Newark Insurance Company , subsidiary of Robert Plan Corp , has received permission to stop writing new automobile insurance policies ; announcement follows on heels of State Farm and American International Group plans to discontinue doing business in state ( M )
That 's a strange twist , considering that FileMaker is a subsidiary of Apple .
Fox newscaster Sheppard Smith , for example , scolded a Sky News correspondent in Baghdad for suggesting that both sides of the war were waging a propaganda battle .
But last month , in response to questions from other companies about Halliburton 's role , the corps said on its Web site that all potential bidders had received the same information to ''eliminate any competitive advantage '' Halliburton might have from its involvement in the Iraqi reconstruction work so far .
She said that Dr. Stanton had directed that there be no memorial service and no donations in his memory , which she said reminded her of his attitude upon his departure from CBS .
Relieved of such expenses , Coke 's net income rose to $ 873 million , or 35 cents a share , in the quarter , in contrast to a loss of $ 58 million last year .
Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , I.B.M .
Microsoft likes to be known as being helpful ; so do its public relations people .
Afterward , Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson asked Dr. Gosling a question that suggested the Microsoft legal team might have made some headway .
''But there is no Presidential involvement and there is no real consumer dissatisfaction in the Microsoft case , '' said Ron Chernow , author of ''Titan , '' a best-selling biography of Rockefeller .
Moody 's Investors Service downgrades Mitsubishi Corp 's credit rating because of faltering business climate and risks on company 's balance sheet ( S ) 7
I.B.M .
In the future , Mr. Gates suggested , Microsoft might be able to apply the technology to icons and graphics as well as to fonts .
His census work now more or less complete , Mr. Taylor said he would probably move on to a new position that would involve teaching systems architecture to other Lockheed Martin employees .
While places like McDonald 's and Starbucks will be critical to the growth of the wireless Internet in the coming year , Mr. Redman of Gartner , said wireless connections are also getting a boost from venture capitalists , wireless network providers and computer makers .
Icahn Pressures Time Warner for Changes
Among them are eBay 's founder , Pierre Omidyar , who wants to use investment capital as well as donations to expand the microloan industry , and Stephen M. Case , the co-founder of America Online , who is investing $ 250 million in companies that help consumers gain control of their health care .
If it stands , Time Warner Cable may not be the only operator that decides to change its policy in light of AMC 's new focus .
The ranks of these marketers include independent bands with little to lose and established companies like Microsoft .
Intel and Mattel , as part of joint venture , introduce two new high-tech toys that enable children to shrink images of themselves , and greatly magnify images of bugs and fleas and the inside of the children 's noses , then project all the images onto a computer monitor ; toys , the Me2 Cam and the X3 Microscope , were introduced at Toy Fair in Manhattan ; photo ( S )
Verizon , however , may be able to make money from customers that AT & T or MCI can not because Verizon already bears the cost of billing those customers for local service .
*The judgment will require Microsoft to modify its existing license agreements with the top 20 OEM 's , wreaking havoc with Microsoft 's relationships with those companies .
In the filing on Wednesday , Microsoft said that it remained ''committed to moving forward promptly . ''
Eric Von Der Porten , who runs a small hedge fund in San Carlos , Calif. , has crunched the numbers for Amazon and CDNow , the on-line music store rated the sixth-largest Web shopping site in July by MediaMetrix .
BMW gives Rover Group 's money-losing car business to little-known group of British investors , and it negotiates deal to sell Land Rover line of sport utility vehicles to Ford Motor Co for just under $ 3 billion ; steps represent reversal for BMW and more uncertainty for Rover 's workers , whose new boss will be Alchemy Partners , investor group that includes former Rover executive Kevin Morley ; Alchemy Partners is expected to pay little , if any , money up front , and BMW will assume many of Rover 's debts ; ownership upheaval comes as shock to Rover 's 30,000 workers in Britain as well as to British government , which has been hoping to salvage one of Rover 's factories with taxpayer subsidy around $ 220 million ; chart ; photo ( M )
Texas was one of the first targets for Wal-Mart 's 200,000-square-foot ''supercenters , '' which sell groceries alongside general merchandise .
Edward G. Maier , 54 , who was a concurring partner on Waste Management audits , was fined $ 40,000 and barred for three years .
''Does anybody really trust Microsoft to comply ? ''
Margaret C. Whitman , eBay 's chief executive , said the company was starting to change its policy because ''we have to embrace some of the things that are happening on the Web . ''
Microsoft Corp is introducing Windows XP , and it was vice president Chris Jones who led 1,000-member corporate army that designed and built new operating system ; for nearly two years , Jones stood between marketing people , who typically want every possible feature included in Windows so as to appeal to broadest possible market , and software developers , who say marketing wish list is impossible ; Jones comments ( M )
Interpublic stock rose 3.75 percent , or 46 cents , to close at $ 12.72 in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
I.B.M .
Indeed , Kodak commands nearly 57 percent of the market for snapshot printers -- those that make 4-by-6 prints -- virtually guaranteeing a healthy share of the market for the coated papers and thermal ribbons such printers use .
Amazon has been moving to diversify from being a bookseller to offer other categories of merchandise and last week added toys and consumer electronics .
Stock prices rallied for a second consecutive session yesterday , pushed higher by a retail sales report that was stronger than expected , bullish comments on Intel and healthy first-quarter earnings gains at Wal-Mart Stores and J. C. Penney .
Goldman Sachs , which holds Jinro bonds with a face value of $ 270 million , moved this month to force the company into receivership and dismiss its management , after Jinro defaulted on $ 1.4 billion in debt .
Best Buy agreed today to market Microsoft 's newest wave of digital products and Internet access service in return for a $ 200 million investment .
Long before development was complete , Mr. Askeland had to move into office politics mode and convince Hasbro 's executives that they should overcome their fear of mechanical pets and invest many millions of dollars in his quixotic cat project .
Qwest can take some satisfaction in forcing Verizon to raise its offer to $ 8.5 billion , from the $ 6.6 billion Verizon first offered on Feb. 14 .
GE Capital Services Corp , financial services unit of General Electric Co , may acquire leasing arm of troubled Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan Ltd in move that would give it needed edge in Japan 's corporate leasing market ( S )
The News Corporation , which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch , has been negotiating with G.M .
So in late July , I.B.M .
Hill , Holliday is part of the McCann-Erickson World Group division of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
A lawyer for the Microsoft Corporation tried today to show that the Netscape Communications Corporation and America Online delayed the announcement of their merger for several weeks last fall , apparently because they feared that earlier disclosure of it might hurt the Government 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
''The thing that Adobe has done that Quark does n't is to open their development environment to us . ''
For the managers in charge of business software sales for I.B.M .
But the most important target is probably Microsoft .
The new pay-per-use messaging service works with the more than 100 million SMS-enabled cellphones on the Verizon , Cingular , AT & T and Nextel networks .
Workers were joined by their spouses , local business owners , city and county politicians and others who wanted to be on hand for the end of ''The Big One , '' as many here referred to the 53-day dispute , the costliest strike against General Motors in 30 years .
A brief report in some editions of the Company News column of Business Day on Friday about a payment by the American International Group Inc. of an insurance claim for fire damage at Malden Mills Industries in Massachusetts referred incorrectly to the unit making the payment .
Microsoft and The Village Voice have agreed to exchange information to help their respective on-line guides to New York City , the companies announced yesterday .
McDonald 's still likes fashion , though , and on Tuesday it held a runway show at a SoHo event space to promote its holiday gift cards as fashion accessories .
For the last seven years , Monsanto has been the leading developer of genetically altered seeds , which are now planted on more than 140 million acres worldwide , mostly in North and South America .
''We want to make sure the things our companies are doing fit into the Microsoft ecosystem , and in the past that has sometimes been challenging , '' said Sam Jadallah , a general partner at Mohr Davidow Ventures in Silicon Valley .
I.B.M .
And it seemed clear that while the company wished it could stay out of this case , once an executive was subpoenaed , Intel 's leaders would back him .
Sales of High-End Chips Help Intel Beat Estimates
Microsoft Corp promises it will question credibility of key Justice Department witnesses during rebuttal phase of antitrust trial that began this week , and Microsoft lawyer Michael Lacovara introduces several documents on Government witnesses ; at issue is testimony last October of Netscape Communications Corp 's chief executive James Barksdale , who asserted that Microsoft , through predatory conduct , has so pushed Netscape into corner that his company could no longer get computer makers to provide its browser with their products ( M )
Put simply , Microsoft is moving beyond its heritage as an often insular place focused entirely on shipping and selling software products .
Amazon.com , the on-line book seller , launches a music site ; photo ( S )
The ruling involved Microsoft 's alleged violation of a 1994 consent decree growing out of that case .
The Ford Motor Company announced today that it would begin selling a small sport utility vehicle in 2003 using both gasoline and electric propulsion for better gas mileage .
''Computer manufacturers are free to ship any competitor software -- including Netscape 's browser -- along with Microsoft 's Windows 95 operating system .
And beginning next week , Hasbro will sponsor an unconventional series of make-believe classified ads to promote a new version of its Monopoly board game .
Microsoft is also expected to argue that much of the rest of the case -- mainly contracts and practices that the court found to be a ''pattern of anticompetitive behavior '' -- is merely evidence of a company competing aggressively in a dynamic industry , not of an economic outlaw .
Senator Hatch said he hoped that the Justice Department 's decision to file the lawsuit would encourage other computer companies to come forward and discuss their difficulties in competing with Microsoft .
APPLE -- iMac .
UPS packages can also be dropped off at Staples .
And the Ford Motor Company , No .
Apple 's announcement came as several other major technology companies acknowledged potential stock options problems .
It may also lend money to small suppliers and to business owners who shop at Sam 's Clubs , Wal-Mart 's discount warehouse chain .
But in December 1995 , when Mr. Gates announced that Microsoft was shifting its product development to ''embrace and extend '' the Internet , he also said Microsoft would be giving its browser away .
Over all , however , Microsoft gave none of the signs of a beleaguered giant .
''You 're looking at a service that will become a new phone network overnight , '' said Richard Doherty , president of Envisioneering , a research and consulting firm in Seaford , N.Y. ''By Christmas , Microsoft could become the nation 's fourth-largest phone company . ''
The Microsoft technology is an important piece of the company 's efforts to profit from what is a nascent but potentially lucrative market for selling music and video material over the Internet .
At an annual convention here to show dealers the offerings for the new model year , the Ford Motor Company introduced the Explorer Sport Trac , to go on sale in January .
Cisco Systems and Motorola agree to acquire a subsidiary of the Robert Bosch Corp of Germany that is developing advanced technology for delivering high-speed Internet links without wires ; intend to turn unit into a new company called Spectrapoint Wireless ( M )
Mr. Barksdale , who is 51 , joined the AT & T Corporation last September when it acquired McCaw .
If the company does not comply with the ruling , the commission can fine Microsoft up to 2 million euros a day .
But Will Swope , a vice president at Intel , which proposed the idea for the lab , said its creation would accelerate development of Linux-based enterprise software .
`` AT & T is about to enter its most competitive fight ever , especially in the long-distance market , '' said George F. Colony , president of Forrester Research Inc. , a consulting firm .
The new cuts are one of the first moves by Jeffrey B. Kindler , the former General Electric executive who in July replaced Pfizer 's ousted chief executive , Hank McKinnell .
Since Mr. Gilmartin became chairman , Merck shares have risen less than 60 percent , while Pfizer 's have more than quadrupled and the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index has risen 160 percent .
But he has a very good track record for doing high-return deals for '' Vornado .
Although AT & T was criticized in recent years by outside scientists who argued that the company was letting an intellectual jewel become tarnished by having it focus on commercial research , Dr. Penzias said such criticism was based on an outdated , ivory-tower notion of science .
Kimberly-Clark , the maker of Huggies , the top-selling disposable diaper and training pants brand in the United States , was the first to diversify .
Many consumers have been suspicious of the sales pitches by telephone companies ever since the mid-1980 's , when the AT & T Corporation and the MCI Communications Corporation began hurling invective at each other in their battle for long-distance customers .
The next two months should give some indication of whether Electronic Arts ' big bets can pay off .
Although the positive quarter is clearly good news , analysts said , the question remains whether Apple can sustain its profitability and reverse its decline in market share .
Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that it earned $ 369 million in the third quarter , with the cable , cable networks and publishing divisions posting substantial gains while the music and filmed entertainment divisions showed losses .
Some of them have been virtually ignored , despite reasons to believe they could be valuable semiconductors , because there seemed to be no prospect of making them at a reasonable price , Motorola said .
But by drifting away from the smock and the vest -- long emblems of the working class -- Wal-Mart is also leaving behind a uniform that linked it , at least in the popular imagination , to its largest customer base .
Microsoft 's interest in buying Massive was reported yesterday by The Wall Street Journal .
And Yahoo , the big Internet portal , said its revenue from online advertising , its largest business line , was $ 1.2 billion in 2003 , up 84 percent .
''I believe this is the future in terms of where consumers are going , '' Mr. Braun said , noting that coming broadband technology will greatly enhance the opportunities for Yahoo to expand its entertainment options .
I.B.M .
But the Annenberg gift takes the Met only halfway there , and for only one year ; the broadcasts cost the Met $ 7 million a year , so another single corporate sponsor is still being sought to replace ChevronTexaco .
In Qwest 's revised bid , Mr. Nacchio proposed that Frontier shareholders would get $ 20 in cash and $ 48 in Qwest stock if it agreed to be acquired by Qwest ; U S West shareholders would get $ 69 in Qwest stock .
Earnings before interest and taxes were cut by $ 17 million at Duke Energy North America and by $ 2 million at other units after Duke , the second-biggest United States utility owner , revealed 89 so-called round-trip trades , Duke said in a regulatory filing .
In early March , Epic gave Verizon exclusive rights to sell the single over its V-Cast cellphone service , as well as tie-in ringtones and the official video .
Therefore , Microsoft 's product design did not pose an anticompetitive threat , antitrust officials said .
To receive the bonuses , severance pay and sell their agencies , the agents were required to sign a release promising that they would not sue Allstate for discrimination under federal employment laws .
McCann-Erickson Worldwide , Interpublic Group of Cos unit , is undergoing major restructuring after acquisition spree ; is changing name to McCann-Erickson World Group and giving added stress to multiple marketing communications tools ; chairman John J Dooner Jr comments ; company acquires four more agencies , Louis London , Barnett Fletcher Promotions Co Ltd , Complete Medical Group and Rubin , Barney & Birger ( M )
Interpublic Group of Companies says Internal Revenue Service accuses it of owing $ 41.5 million in unpaid taxes ; says it does not owe payment and will defend its position vigorously ; taxes are for 1994 to 1996 ( S )
Robert B. Palmer , Digital 's chief executive , has suggested that the suit is intended either to delay or reduce the performance of Intel 's next-generation chip , which will compete directly with Digital 's Alpha microprocessor .
The company , a subsidiary of General Electric , said in a statement that it had a ''standard sales representative agreement '' with GoodWorks , but declined to elaborate .
Another important customer that could protest the merger is the Pentagon , the primary customer for the military-related businesses of Boeing and McDonnell Douglas .
Mr. Mulally said the decision would not be made for a few years and issued a not-so-subtle challenge to Boeing 's combative unions .
I.B.M .
Altria was among the few corporations that provided such contributions .
Executives said Cisco , the leading supplier of essential hardware for the Internet , had experienced little or no impact from Year 2000 computer problems on sales or service .
In a statement issued today , Microsoft said : ''Microsoft does not believe that the government should try to evade the Court of Appeals , but we are confident of our appeal regardless of which court hears the case . ''
In the case of Netscape 's Navigator software and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , both companies are blanketing the Internet with free or low-priced client versions in order to build a market for their more lucrative server products , which can sell for several hundred dollars or more .
But the crowds evaporated two years later when right-wing Hindu groups attacked one McDonald 's store over accusations that , while there was no beef in its burgers , beef tallow had been used in cooking .
While some analysts took his willingness to even suggest $ 5.24 as a sign of optimism , far more took his pronouncement as an early alert that Kodak might not even hit $ 5.19 .
The decision to make Walmart.com entirely Wal-Mart 's own was made to strengthen the link between the Web site and the nation 's 2,600 Wal-Mart stores , H. Lee Scott Jr. , Wal-Mart 's chief executive , said in a telephone interview .
Maurice R Greenberg , chief executive of American International Group , one of world 's largest insurance companies , fends off questions from shareholders at the annual meeting , saying he will consider reversing the insider dominance of his board ; refuses to change his stand on choice of his son Evan , as his eventual successor ; shareholders also question such things as executive compensation and policies on employment opportunities ; photo of demonstrators protesting makeup of board ( M )
Eric Rabe , a spokesman for Verizon , said that practice was standard and that if Verizon added the charge into its flat rate , it could not compete .
Eric E. Schmidt , who is chief executive of Google as well as a member of Apple 's board , and Jerry Yang , co-founder of Yahoo , came on stage to endorse the new hand-held .
I.B.M. , he said , is well positioned to help companies use networked technology and is gaining market share in software , data-serving computers , storage and services .
Contemplating Time Warner Without Time
Cisco is the largest maker of the router systems that are used to direct Internet traffic .
After the panel voted to recommend approval , Pfizer shares closed yesterday at $ 26.51 , up 21 cents .
''Anyone wanting to take them on , thinking that they 'll get a steady supply of jobs , that everything 's going to be hunky-dory , they 're not used to Boeing 's cycle that leads to massive firing . ''
The issue extends well beyond the Microsoft case , and the stakes are high .
The Boeing Company sold 15 of its next-generation 787 jets to a private Russian airline on Tuesday in a deal valued at about $ 2.4 billion , Boeing 's largest sale in the former Soviet Union .
Microsoft 's strong performance was all the more impressive for coming in a quarter when both the Intel Corporation and the Compaq Computer Corporation had disappointing results .
Pharmacia said it would immediately begin reporting sales and profit figures for the two businesses separately , accounting for Monsanto as a discontinued business .
Employees at the Wal-Mart and Pizza Hut have been instructed by the F.B.I .
The biggest slice of desktop revenue for Microsoft comes not from Windows but from Office .
Apple also announced that Fred D. Anderson , an Apple director who was chief financial officer from 1996 to 2004 , the period when the questionable grants were made , had resigned from the board , and said he had told the company that ''he believes it is in Apple 's best interests '' that he leave .
Morale is not running high these days in Building E on Microsoft 's Redmond West campus , hangout for the black-clad creative types that the geeky software giant has hired in recent years to build a new , chic kind of media business .
This fall Micron , based in Boise , Idaho , will move to a 16-megabyte chip as its primary product .
Network Solutions lost its corporate identity on Jan. 1 , when it was officially absorbed by VeriSign ; Mr. Rutt retained the titles of chief strategy officer for the merged company and president of its mass-market division .
For example , Mr. Schwarz said , it took almost 15 years for the industry to introduce a so-called smart card , which contains a computer chip , and even then its creator was American Express , not Visa , MasterCard or the third defendant , Visa International , the overseas unit of Visa , which the company says operates with considerable independence .
Verizon Airfone and Verizon Wireless drops prices for using Airfones to 10 cents a minute from $ 3.99 a minute for Verizon wireless customers who join $ 10-a-month subscription plan for in-flight phones ; Alaska Airlines announces major fare restructuring ; America West Airlines begins nonstop service between its Las Vegas hub and Austin , El Paso and San Antonio in Texas , Cleveland , Edmonton , Alberta , and Vancouver , British Columbia ; British Airways is running low-cost air fare-hotel sale through March 29 from all 19 cities it serves in US ; major air carriers try -- and fail -- to impose $ 10 domestic fare increase because of soaring oil prices ; effort fails when Northwest Airlines refuses to go along , causing competitors to roll back their fare increases ; graph ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
But one person close to Intel said the company 's senior executives , including Andrew S. Grove , Intel 's chairman , are concerned by Microsoft 's handling of the case and the ''potential political spillover '' -- as the other partner in the so-called ''Wintel duopoly , '' Intel could share in the criticism leveled at Microsoft .
Such devices can be found on eBay and at Web sites like globalgadgetuk.com .
But some people in the industry said there were risks for Microsoft in the deal : while consumers may migrate to the Microsoft-branded service , they are not obligated to use the company 's home page or other content offerings , thus limiting how much Microsoft can profit .
Richard D. Parsons , the chief executive of Time Warner , has held preliminary discussions with executives of the T-Online division of Deutsche Telekom about a possible merger or joint venture involving Time Warner 's America Online division , two company executives said yesterday .
The grocers Tesco , J. Sainsbury and Asda , which is part of Wal-Mart Stores , all expressed interest in Safeway after it agreed to a deal in January with William Morrison Supermarkets .
According to a Pfizer spokesman , men who called the number frequently had to be reminded that the drug would not work without sexual stimulation .
Pursues Time Warner Investigation
Mr. Jurman pleaded guilty to insider trading this year and has admitted to passing the Morgan Stanley information to Robert Babcock , a registered representative at Bear Stearns .
The world 's biggest auto maker , the General Motors Corporation , is continuing exclusive talks with the Daewoo Motor Company of South Korea about a possible strategic tie-up .
Time Warner stock jumped $ 2.375 , to $ 57.25 , a record high .
Microsoft Corp aides meet with stock analysts , seeking to convince them that firm will continue rapid growth in face of changes brought on by Internet ; Microsoft begins shipping update of its operating system for business marketplace and previews its next-generation Office business application ( M )
''We made a commitment to return this money to our customers that should have been part of the prize pools , '' said Douglas Freeland , United States marketing director for McDonald 's .
Microsoft argues that as technology evolves , once-specialized functions become essential and should be part of the operating system .
I rebooted the computer a few times , smugly reveling in the absence of on-screen advertising for Microsoft .
In addition , Halliburton disclosed that it changed its policy on recording ''unbilled receivables '' last year .
The goal in all of the interviews was to understand how the case started , how it grew from a technical fight over Internet browsers into a broader battle over Microsoft 's dealings with its competitors and partners , how the government won so handily , and why , to everyone 's surprise , Microsoft fared so poorly .
Time Warner Inc says earnings rose 32 percent in first quarter , to $ 499 million , as revenues climbed more than 46 percent , to $ 3 billion ; company says Carol Wallace has been promoted to managing editor of People magazine , replacing Landon Y Jones Jr , who will become vice president for strategic planning at Time Inc ; table ( L )
Windows 98 , released in 1998 , was Microsoft 's first major upgrade to its three-year-old Windows 95 operating system .
If Intel is able to jump-start the market to reach millions of homes with a relatively inexpensive interactive data and video service , the technology could quickly alter the communications landscape .
The second week of the trial ended with the prosecutors frustrated because a lengthy cross-examination by Microsoft 's lead lawyer left no time for the Government to show several hours of a videotaped deposition of William H. Gates , the Microsoft chairman .
In last year 's annual letter , Mr. Roth promised to ''determine the end game '' for Alexander 's , which is managed by Vornado .
Jeep , division of DaimlerChrysler , is running television commercial that hits back at rival Hummer by General Motors as two military offshoots continue their struggle for market share ; Jeep commercial was developed by GlobalHue ; photos ( M )
At issue is AT & T 's regulatory status as a so-called dominant carrier , which requires it to file proposed price changes with the commission as much as 45 days in advance .
Nevertheless , analysts said that the recent spectacular gain in I.B.M .
Microsoft will also call Gordon Eubanks , the former chairman of the Symantec Corporation , maker of the Norton Utilities programs for Windows , and Richard Schmalensee , an economist and dean of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management .
Were Coca-Cola 's moves toward world domination shrewd , admirable business practices or did they cross a line into ethical eyebrow-raising territory ?
Microsoft said it was designing many of its new business products , including Windows 2000 , Microsoft Outlook and the software in its new .Net line , to work with the Identrus system .
Microsoft has long maintained that its Internet Explorer browser is an integrated feature of Windows and could not be removed without damaging the operating system .
Three of the administration 's most senior economic policy makers -- Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. , his top deputy , Robert K. Steel , and White House chief of staff Joshua Bolten -- are alumni of Goldman Sachs , which in the last decade has evolved into one of the most important players in the private equity market .
Its competitors contend that , in the end , most large corporations will limit their commitments to .Net , fearful of having their businesses too beholden to Microsoft .
Nearly all of Merck 's major drugs posted sales greater than analysts ' estimates .
Almost a year after it began , the Microsoft antitrust trial wound to a close today with final arguments from lawyers for the company and the Government that ranged from scornful to contemptuous of the other side 's case .
For now , Mr. Fulbrook 's lawsuit and several other obstacles could get in the way of the Campbell plan .
I.B.M .
Neither Exxon nor Lloyd 's would disclose the size of the original claim .
The decision by Bank of America to choose Omnicom came just weeks after it had renewed its contract with Interpublic , and at a time when Interpublic was suffering from serious financial and operational difficulties .
Microsoft , portraying itself as a victim of antitrust policy run amok , has long argued that the government was turning on it in exactly that way .
Citing the slowing economy , the FedEx Corporation said yesterday that the volume of its overnight deliveries had decreased more sharply than it had expected and that its quarterly income would decline significantly .
Johnson & Johnson 's United States sales of stents in the United States have declined 50 percent so far this year , compared with sales in 1997 , Mr. Desai said .
''What 's significant is I.B.M .
The first-screen step represents the third time in the last two months Microsoft has bowed to industry pressure to fine-tune contracts with its business partners .
But Mr. Jorgenson , who helped design the 747 , developed his theory by examining a Boeing 747-100 , the same plane used in Flight 800 , and studying the jumbo jet 's history of incidents and accidents , according to court papers .
Revenue was down 3 percent from a year earlier , when Apple had earnings of $ 61 million , or 17 cents a diluted share .
With the expense cuts in place , most analysts said American Express was in good shape to deliver improved financial results next year , assuming the economic slump does not continue .
In an effort to expand its global reach in computing , Microsoft plans to offer a stripped-down version of Windows , Office and other software for $ 3 to people in developing nations .
He points out that Intel issued a news release on Sept. 24 , announcing that the F.T.C .
Retaining talent will be a major issue as Johnson & Johnson tries to renegotiate with Guidant .
To some extent , Time Warner is benefiting from economic uncertainty .
Though AT & T had indicated earlier this week that part of an announced $ 4 billion after-tax charge would include losses related to Interchange and several other AT & T on-line ventures , yesterday 's announcement was the first indication that the company would abandon Interchange altogether .
But the clarity and openness that Aetna is now promising would help doctors and patients better understand their options in advance of treatment .
''If and when there are no impediments to remove , then it 's about whether Oracle would make an offer that would enhance shareholder value . ''
The document written by Mr. Ozzie , titled ''The Internet Services Disruption , '' criticizes Microsoft for moving too slowly to capitalize on technologies it developed and for failing to capitalize on industry trends .
That echoes the theme ''Solutions for a small planet , '' which has appeared in all the I.B.M .
But Judge Jackson stayed his order to allow Microsoft time to appeal the decision , leading to yesterday 's action by the appeals court .
A Boeing spokesman declined to elaborate on the additional cuts , saying that details would not be disclosed until next year .
Now Mr. Kagermann hopes for a silver lining : that the link with Microsoft will expose SAP to a wider audience .
After eight years of a relatively untroubled but unscintillating marriage , Merck & Company and E.I .
Expert for Microsoft Helps Fight One of Its Subpoenas
Last October , federal agents raided 60 Wal-Mart stores in 21 states to arrest 250 cleaners who they said were illegal immigrants .
Microsoft has a page of information about using the System Configuration Utility to troubleshoot start-up problems with your PC at support.microsoft.com/kb/310560/EN-US .
KPMG expects Securities and Exchange Commission to file civil complaint against firm for its work as auditor for Xerox Corp ; SEC settled complaint against Xerox in April 2002 , when company said it would pay $ 10 million fine and restate financial results as far back as 1997 ; KPMG , which was fired as its auditor in 2001 , has consistently said that it did nothing wrong in approving Xerox 's accounting ( M )
In some ways , the financial strain of that deal essentially led to AT & T 's current breakup .
''What we did was overload the fashion part , '' he said , by introducing new trendy clothing lines like Metro 7 , a Wal-Mart-designed brand , in too many stores too quickly .
Analysts who follow Intel said the price on the chip would probably be immediately dropped from $ 700 to $ 500 , and possibly as low as $ 350 .
While the application mentions McDonald 's as a potential restaurant partner , such a device could apparently be licensed to other restaurants or businesses as well .
Wells Fargo & Company said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the First Security Corporation for $ 2.9 billion in stock , less than two weeks after the collapse of First Security 's planned merger with Zions Bancorporation .
Microsoft said the appeals court was the proper place for an initial review because the company 's appeal raised many technical issues and argued that the trial judge made a series of procedural errors .
But she was also a determined advocate for sharing I.B.M .
''We love Boeing , we love the aircraft , we love the people that we deal with , '' Mr. Flanagan said .
Mr. Lanier asked his witness , Dr. Nancy Santanello , a senior Merck scientist .
''They are completely out of character for Apple . ''
''This is not so much about creating a virtual world , but rather helping people with the real world , '' said Paul Levine , Yahoo 's general manager for local services .
With those results , Cisco had earnings of $ 276.6 million , or 41 cents a share .
During his negotiations with Microsoft executives , Mr. Colburn stated , ''I was told that Microsoft had no limitations on what it could spend to gain market share for Internet Explorer . ''
Regulators argued that Intel 's sales methods were unfair because the stipulations virtually assured that computer companies would severely limit purchases from rivals .
Starbucks to acquire Seattle Coffee Co from AFC Enterprises Inc for $ 72 million in cash and stock ; would own Seattle 's Best and Torrefazione Italia Coffee brands , 129 Seattle 's Best coffee shops and 21 Torrefazione coffee shops ( S )
Those events sent Boeing reeling .
''Netscape and the Government 's account of that meeting changes more often than Dennis Rodman 's hair color , '' said Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman .
''American Express has never traded like a credit card company , '' said Mr. Hughes , who currently has a buy recommendation on the stock .
State Street 's shares closed yesterday at 57.80 , down 38 cents .
Specifically , he said that the company 's inventory of raw materials was up 10 percent over the previous quarter , which suggested that Intel was slowing its production .
Currently valued at $ 14 billion , the organic food business is expected to increase to $ 23 billion over the next three years , though that figure could rise further with Wal-Mart 's push .
Advanced Micro Devices plans to introduce 64-bit microprocessor that also runs 32-bot software applications very efficiently ; adoption of rival Intel 's 64-bit chip has gone slowly since it was introduced two years ago because chip 's architecture is break with past and requires software developers to rewrite programs ; photo ( M )
Two weeks ago , Apple unveiled a Windows version of its service and software , and as of yesterday , three copycat services had opened their virtual doors for business : MusicMatch , BuyMusic and Napster 2.0 , formerly PressPlay .
The example site used by Microsoft : www.netscape.com .
Neither the bottler nor the Coca-Cola Company , which owns 39 percent of its stock , is given to holding conference calls , at which participants can ask questions of senior executives .
For its part , Microsoft no longer appears to aspire to be a conventional media company , an idea it pursued for a while in the 1990 's , in its joint financing with NBC of the cable channel MSNBC and its beginning a number of Web sites that seemed to be steps into the newspaper and magazine business .
Global Crossing is offering Frontier shareholders $ 63 a share in Global stock and U S West stockholders about $ 60 a share in stock .
He predicted that the Raytheon and Texas Instruments operations would complement each other so well , with little overlap , that sales would grow with no staff cutbacks necessary .
Oracle 's database and big applications like accounting and human resources , he said , are exactly the kind of software purchases analysts had expected corporations to defer .
Suncor Energy and more than dozen other energy companies , including Exxon Mobil , ChevronTexaco and Royal Dutch/Shell , are pursuing oil exploration projects in Albert , Canada ; Suncor Energy is taking unconventional approach to producing oil by sucking viscous tar out of sandy soil around Fort McMurray ; flow of oil extracted from Alberta 's tar sands surpassed one million barrel per day at end of 2003 , and it is expected to double to two million barrels by 2010 ; frenzy of tar sands development in Alberta depends on petroleum prices staying high for decades to come ; energy economists in Calgary say most tar sands projects are viable only when oil is selling for more than $ 30 per barrel ; often costs as much as $ 15 per barrel to get bitumen , thick , sticky form of crude oil , out of sands , compared with recovery costs as low as $ 2 per barrel for crude oil in parts of Middle East ; refining bitumen also costs much more than refining light crude ; photo ( M )
The News Corporation is in discussions to acquire Blinkx , a service that scours the World Wide Web for video and audio clips and organizes them automatically in folders .
Capital One Financial named McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York as creative agency of record on its account , with billings estimated at $ 170 million .
Behind Wal-Mart 's response to such cases is a proud preoccupation with sticking to the rules .
But when Brandon Sehlke and his wife , Jennifer , moved into a new home in San Antonio two weeks ago , they chose a new Internet phone service from Time Warner Cable , not Vonage or AT & T , his old provider .
The iTunes music software has the same features and appearance on both Macintosh and Windows-based computers and is available as a freely downloaded product from Apple 's iTunes Web site .
Instead of being welcomed with open arms , he received a call from Mr. Sculley noting that Apple had just signed an agreement to work with Sharp Electronics on the Newton technology and that there was no room at the company for competing hand-held computing projects .
They will continue to report to Philip M. Condit , Boeing 's overall chief executive .
With its ownership of premier music labels and its foundation in electronics , Sony had all the tools to create its own version of iPod long before Apple 's product came to market in 2001 .
The G4 microprocessor , which was co-developed by Apple , I.B.M .
Aetna surprised industry insiders and investors last week by agreeing to buy the ailing health care business of the Prudential Insurance Company of America for a bargain price of $ 1 billion , or less than $ 200 for each managed care member .
Citigroup is under pressure from investors to improve its stock price , which has barely moved since Mr .
Mr. Schumacher avoided discussing details of the talks but alluded to them in comments reported in the leading financial daily in Seoul , Maeil Sinmun , saying , ''a drastic change will take place in the global semiconductor industry as the top four players -- Samsung Electronics , Micron , Hynix and Infineon -- are seeking a broad range of dialogues . ''
BellSouth plans to tap into the Apple market as the phone company speeds up its rollout of the A.D.S.L .
A year after acquiring Ross Roy Communications , the Omnicom Group has made changes that include a revamping of management .
Wall Street has generally been pleased with Mr. Moonves 's performance in his first weeks as head of CBS , sending the stock up 41 cents yesterday to close at $ 26.81 a share .
''We are digging out from a deep pit , '' Mr. Bell said , asserting that what he described as the coming ''turnaround year '' would serve to restore Interpublic ''to its rightful place among the leaders in advertising and marketing services . ''
The pop star has long financed his lifestyle with an estimated $ 270 million in loans provided by Bank of America and secured by his catalogs , which include copyrights to songs by the Beatles , along with his own hits .
The software has the backing of a giant advertiser , General Motors , and of the Audit Bureau of Circulations , which certifies the reliability of circulation figures of printed publications and now of Web sites .
He started as a store manager in 1980 , and in 1985 was named executive vice president for merchandising at Banana Republic , then an 11-store unit of Gap Inc. , and eventually became the divisions president .
The Intel-Santa Barbara work proves that it is possible to make complete photonic devices using standard chip-making machinery , although not entirely out of silicon .
''The big difference between humans and machines is that humans are really smart but slow , while machines are stupid but fast , '' said Steve White , a senior manager in the I.B.M .
and Harvard University filed a motion on Friday in a Federal court in Boston to stop Microsoft from obtaining the interview tapes and transcripts for a book written by two business school professors , one from M.I.T .
Bristol-Myers notched $ 5.69 billion in sales , followed by Johnson & Johnson , with $ 5.659 billion , and Merck & Company , with $ 5.647 billion .
People close to the deal said that when the two companies first agreed to merge in early January , the 1.65 exchange ratio would have resulted in no premium to either side , but in the subsequent days Dean Witter 's stock has jumped and Morgan Stanley 's has fallen .
In a conference call , Ms. Whitman also described the importance of improving eBay 's search capability , calling the service as much a search site as Google .
Halliburton Settles S.E.C .
Mr. Weill also said that he would resign from the boards of AT & T and United Technologies , whose chief executives sit on the board of Citigroup .
But a person close to the talks said Microsoft had been trying to persuade AOL to agree not to lobby against Microsoft in current or future court battles .
Outlook , the e-mail , contacts and calendar program in the Microsoft Office suite , offers many features designed to save you time , including the automatic completion of e-mail addresses .
Wal-Mart said it would sell the music from its Web site next year .
Microsoft 's shares ended the trading day at $ 55.63 , up $ 2.69 , and went as high as $ 58 after hours .
Mr. Jobs has returned to Apple as an adviser after selling his company Next Software Inc. to Apple .
Some industry executives have speculated that Marsh & McLennan might be interested in selling all or part of Putnam Investments to concentrate on its core businesses .
Parallel discussions may have taken place within the Microsoft legal team , but no evidence of that has surfaced .
Increasingly bitter dispute between Germany and Britain over BMW sale of Rover Group threatens to spill onto streets after British labor unions call for huge demonstration on April 1 to protest thousands of job losses expected from deal ; British Prime Min Tony Blair 's spokesman says Blair is furious that BMW had not consulted his government in merger talks ; BMW announced last week that its was selling Rover 's main car production plant in Longbridge near Birmingham to Alchemy Partners , British investment group ; BMW also said it would sell Rover 's profitable Land Rover sport utility vehicle division to Ford Motor Co for $ 2.9 billion ( M )
According to company filings , Mr. Purcell , who announced on June 13 that he would retire after a revolt against his leadership , leaves Morgan Stanley with retirement benefits and stock awards worth more than $ 62.3 million .
Last week , Time Warner Trade Publishing acquired a book proposal by John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric and one of the most widely admired businessmen , for a record advance of $ 7.1 million .
Polo Ralph Lauren started the legal wrangling last fall by sending a letter to Polo magazine , expressing concern that the revamping of the 23-year-old publication of the United States Polo Association from a narrow , horsy publication to an up-scale , life style magazine would cause people to view it as a product of the luxury designer .
In the Microsoft Home , some subjects are off limits , even for someone who has just described her own house , a one-story , two-bedroom bungalow with four computers and two printers .
Intel researchers cited examples like simple drill-and-practice memory systems , which might be displayed on a home television .
After Boeing pulled out in 1995 , Airbus picked up the mantle .
The International Brotherhood of Teamsters announced yesterday that its members had voted overwhelmingly to authorize a strike against the United Parcel Service if no new contract was reached by Aug. 1 .
Several companies now make commercial products based on that design , and Mr. Thacker said Microsoft was working on a smaller education-oriented version that was not yet public .
Yet few fights may draw as much attention as Home Depot 's , which has been tussling with some shareholders since May , when Mr. Nardelli was the only director to appear at the company 's annual meeting .
In addition , Lord St. John said , ''interventions '' by executives of the News Corporation contributed to the unease of shareholders .
Europe and Asia were particularly strong performers for I.B.M .
There was a heated discussion of software , according to Intel documents , but it was software that had been developed by Intel rather than by Microsoft .
That , in turn , has allowed Altria to move forward with a revamping that begins with cutting Kraft loose and will ultimately allow Altria to use the huge amounts of cash generated by cigarettes to buy back stock or acquire other tobacco companies , particularly overseas .
Translucency forced Apple to tidy up the innards , making the seams , welds and circuit boards more esthetically pleasing .
''Microsoft is no longer the hot issue it was .
Wal-Mart appears to be taking some of those profits from the traditional middlemen to lower the prices it is charging for these generic drugs .
Today , many of his 140 descendants have shareholdings in Exxon , Mobil and other cousins of the Standard Oil family , but none has significant stakes or exercises control .
Home Depot , the home improvement retailer , reached an agreement last night with a large shareholder , Relational Investors , that will prevent a proxy fight over the company 's strategy .
Boeing will begin assembling a few 737 's in Long Beach later this year , bringing the rate up to three a month by the second quarter of 1999 .
Some shareholders also left open the option of organizing a vote against the union of Verizon and MCI during a shareholder vote to be held as early as next month .
At the core of Tiffany 's brand , Mr. Aaron said , is the notion that the company provides better service than its peers in the jewelry industry .
SportsLine will be participating with Amazon in its new sporting goods store , but only with the businesses that SportsLine runs itself .
In Goodyear 's case , many of the questions center on how the company went about adding protective nylon layers to its Load Range E tires .
Intel said it was now shipping samples and would be in production in the fourth quarter , with the network-processor-based systems costing significantly less than custom-built systems typically used today .
Its members include I.B.M. , Hewlett-Packard , Dell , Sun Microsystems , Intel , Advanced Micro Devices , VMware and others .
Swift noted that traditional measures of Whirlpool market share , which he said was not as large as some public estimates , still do not take into account the increasing power of the retailers who are its first-line customers .
The stock price of Coca-Cola Enterprises , the largest Coke bottler , has lost 40 percent of its value in the last year because of depressed profits in the bottling system .
Consider Christopher Rogers , a 25-year-old medical student in Philadelphia , who seems little concerned by the dominance of Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
With the Banamex purchase , which is expected to be completed by September , Citigroup will get 25 percent of its profits from emerging markets , up from 21 percent , Mr. Weill said .
She praised Cole Haan for updating its classic line , but said the company could have counted on its traditional audience to respond to the idea of cool styling and Nike technology .
While Cisco no longer grows 50 percent a year , as it did in the supercharged 1990 's , Mr .
Bank of America has said that it is cooperating with Mr. Spitzer 's investigation into mutual fund trading practices .
EBay , the Internet auction service , has suspended the account of a seller suspected of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from people who bid successfully on gold and silver coins and bullion , sent their money and got nothing in return , the company said .
Mr. Andreessen , whose notes on his laptop computer are a vital piece of the Government 's evidence , is said by Mr. Barksdale to be an ''extraordinarily fast typist '' -- an aside clearly intended to deflect questions raised by Microsoft 's lawyers about the credibility of the notes .
Excluding five one-time charges and gains , the company earned 55 cents a share , or better than analysts had been predicting after General Motors encouraged them in December to cut their forecasts in half , to 49 cents .
Mr. Lubbers also said there was nothing new in the Moody 's report and that he expected the company to receive an unqualified opinion from its auditors .
One significant risk for Sony and I.B.M .
Microsoft , which has never had to impose widespread layoffs in its 25-year history , hired 11,800 people in 2000 , bringing its total work force to an all-time high of 41,600 .
The company 's new cooler dual-core approach will offer Intel room for growth , he said , permitting greater advances on energy consumption for future chips .
American Express 's portfolio was hit far worse than the market over all because it owned the debt of companies subject to asbestos litigation , as well as some poorly performing health care investments and movie theater companies .
For its part , Intel attributed its performance to the fact that demand for semiconductors was on the low end of seasonal patterns and also to the company 's increasing difficulty in finding ways to cut costs to cope with the lackluster economic conditions .
In company documents , Salomon is identified as Microsoft 's ''preferred broker '' and employees are told they can ''take advantage of additional products and services '' by opening a full-service account at Salomon .
''Other retailers took advantage of that , '' he said , recalling Wal-Mart 's last-minute decision , in the face of poor sales , to reduce prices on two dozen popular products , like the Elmo doll , and rush out a wave of new advertisements after Thanksgiving .
Allstate moved to dismiss the suit .
I.B.M .
''Oracle , to win , does not really need to sell front-office applications , '' said Curt A. Monash , president of Monash Information Services of Cambridge , Mass .
But Intel executives said it was still too early to declare an end to the slump in corporate technology spending in the Unitd States .
Aetna 's shares dropped sharply when the lawsuits were filed .
While Boston Scientific says it has identified the design flaw that was the cause of the problem , and changed how it makes the stents to address the defect , the company said yesterday that it had identified problems in its method of inspecting the stents at its plant in Galway , Ireland , during the first three days of a new inspection process .
Every year , the American Express Foundation makes about $ 30 million in grants to a range of nonprofit groups , many of which indirectly help promote the company 's services .
Two years earlier , America Online executives were thinking they had no choice but to use the Microsoft Corporation 's browser instead of Netscape 's as the default for their millions of customers .
Elsewhere , I.B.M .
Article on computer and technology expert David J Farber in which he discusses relationship between technology and law ; his being prosecution witness in Microsoft antitrust trial noted ; photo ( M )
Besides , Microsoft 's legal team argues , inflammatory E-mail and unguarded comments have no standing in an antitrust case , which should be based on facts and figures .
Under the deal , Monsanto will pay about $ 1 billion in cash and assume $ 400 million in debt .
In the Resolution transaction , Xerox said it was getting essentially the same deal it had worked out with Kohlberg Kravis a year earlier , as it says it did in the other four sales .
In the electronics , tools and kitchen-supplies business , Amazon lost $ 45.83 million on sales of $ 116.51 million .
Verizon and Sprint use a system called code division multiple access , which is also being upgraded .
US car manufacturers , inspired by popularity of big cars and trucks , plan even larger models with equally gigantic sticker prices ; Ford Motor Co is testing 19-foot sport utility vehicle weighing more than three tons , Chrysler is rolling out new Dodge Durango sport utility wagon that is roomier and more than foot longer than biggest jeep , and General Motors is planning redesign of popular Suburban over next two years to make it more appealing to families ; big vehicles are being snapped up by consumers who they think they are safer , who want to ride above traffic and intimidate others or simply want something bigger than what is owned by friends ; safety groups are expressing concern about rise in collisions between such cars and smaller , lighter ones ; diagram ( M )
The executives , who insisted on anonymity , said that most of the layoffs would come at the firm 's New York headquarters , and would be concentrated in departments that overlap with Morgan Stanley , like securities research , sales and trading , which deal with the firm 's institutional customers .
And the beneficiary seemed to be Microsoft .
General Motors says it expects to post profit for fourth quarter but will delay reporting results to allow more time to complete calculations ; will restate earnings for previous five years ( M )
According to colleagues , Mr. Jones has the portfolio of talents necessary to succeed at Microsoft .
To keep things simple -- and to create a direct link between Microsoft and your wallet -- the iPaq uses a stripped-down version of Windows called Windows CE .
Competitive pricing responses by major carriers to incursions by low-fare carriers are a prime reason for the drop to a $ 276 average fare paid last year , the lowest since $ 256 in 1996 , according to American Express .
James Cannavino , former IBM executive and former chief executive of Perot Systems , will become chairman and chief executive of Cybersafe ( S )
''It makes little sense for the court to rush '' into considering Microsoft 's request ''before ascertaining whether it will have jurisdiction over the case , '' the department 's brief said .
An Apple spokeswoman , Katie Cotton , said this week that the company had ''absolutely no comment , for obvious reasons '' on the introduction of the Emachines eOne .
''The Dollar Menu appeals to lower-income , ethnic consumers , '' said Steve Levigne , vice president for United States business research at McDonald 's .
Article on NBC Sports chmn Dick Ebersol in view of upcoming Sydney Olympics notes that he persuaded General Electric , NBC 's parent , to spend $ 3.5 billion for rights to televise Olympics from 2000 to 2008 ; photo ( M )
But some analysts said that confidence in ChevronTexaco had been eroded more by problems in its core businesses rather than by Dynegy 's troubles .
Northwest Airlines reports loss of $ 55 million in second quarter , compared with profit of $ 115 million year earlier ; revenue fell 5.9 percent , to $ 2.72 billion from $ 2.89 billion ; Delta Air Lines reports loss of $ 90 million , compared with profit of $ 460 million year ago ; revenue declined 16 percent , to $ 3.78 billion from $ 4.47 billion year earlier ; Southwest Airlines earned $ 175.6 million compared with record profit of $ 190.6 million year ago ; revenue rose 6.4 percent , to $ 1.55 billion from $ 1.46 billion ; Northwest announces plans to eliminate 1,500 jobs , including 500 layoffs ; close two reservation centers and flight attendant base , and cancel some international flights ; says cuts will save it $ 135 million on top of $ 209 million worth of cuts , including 500 jobs , announced earlier this year ; Delta says it plans to save $ 425 million this year by retiring nine Boeing 737 jets and replacing larger aircraft with regional jets on some routes ( M )
''Microsoft is kind of like Chrysler then , '' said Professor Gilbert , who was chief economist in the Justice Department during the investigation of Microsoft that led to the signing of the consent decree in 1995 .
On a Single Chip , Intel Joins Realms of Analog And Digital
British music giant EMI Group breaks ranks with music industry 's biggest corporations by announcing deal to sell songs online through Apple 's music service without copy protection ; shift means that consumers who buy music by EMI acts may have easier time navigating current jumble of incompatible software in digital music world ; consumers who buy unprotected music from iTunes store will be able to play music on variety of devices , not just iPods , and be able to burn unlimited play lists of songs ; unprotected music will come at higher price , $ 1.29 per song , though Apple says songs will have better sound quality ; standard-quality versions of same songs , with copy protection , will still be available for 99 cents ; Apple will sell albums from EMI artists for regular price , which is generally $ 9.99 ; many analysts view deal , announced by EMI chief Eric L Nicoli and Apple chief Steven P Jobs , as first step in broader shift toward all music being sold without antipiracy software ; some hope it could also jump-start digital sales for music industry ; photo ( L )
INTEL AGREES TO ACQUIRE XIRCOM
Even before the lawsuits , McDonald 's , Coca-Cola and several other companies began a campaign aimed at childhood obesity to deflect mounting criticism of their products .
Several of Mr. Lanier 's days included testimony from Dr. Nancy Santanello , a Merck scientist whom he called as an ''adverse witness . ''
Although Intel did not specifically say that earnings would exceed the consensus estimate , Wall Street analysts said they would be raising their numbers .
If Johnson & Johnson lets that period lapse or decides to walk away from the deal citing a ''material adverse change '' in Guidant 's business , Guidant could then decide to sue .
Time Warner Cable said that it did not expect to pay a dividend and that it expected to use future earnings to expand its business .
Companies ''try to rig the outcome , '' he said , though he was not specifically referring to Nike .
The Microsoft case showcased recent economic scholarship on imperfect competition , which uses mathematical game theory to understand the strategies companies might pursue to gain advantage in markets that depart from the abstract notion of perfect competition .
Technology Briefing | Internet : Microsoft Plans Olympics Site
But the money Kodak could earn on the proceeds of the sale could be greater than the profits they are giving up , he said , ''so on the bottom line , this will be a contributor to profits . ''
In two weeks , the board of Time Warner Inc. , which owns AOL , will hear a proposal from Jonathan Miller , AOL 's chief executive , calling for a near halt in marketing for AOL 's 17-year-old Internet access service , price cuts for existing customers and thousands of layoffs .
Shares of PNC tumbled as the bank restated its earnings .
The suit was filed in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan against Citigroup , J. P. Morgan and other banks .
''Microsoft has bets down all the possible squares , '' said Roger Kay , an analyst for IDC .
Coca-Cola Co 's new advertising campaign for Diet Coke is heavy on sensual situations , handled with cheeky humor ; campaign was developed by Lowe & Partners/SMS in New York ; photo ( L )
Class action lawsuit is filed in US District Court in New York against Citigroup and Switzerland 's two largest banks , Credit Suisse Group and UBS , on behalf of four South African victims of apartheid ( S )
Analysis of US Appeals Court ruling in antitrust case against Microsoft says decision leaves unanswered question facing computer industry : will Microsoft have to change how it acts ?
A spokeswoman for the Hershey Foods Corporation , the parent of Hershey Chocolate , said that while the company does not set or regulate retail prices , based on past practices retailers would most likely raise prices by about 5 cents on a standard 1.55-ounce Hershey chocolate bar .
Paul Otellini , general manager of the Intel group that makes microprocessors for personal computers , said the results reinforced his view that the second quarter had been ''the bottom , '' adding that the timing for Intel 's recovery was unclear .
For the owners of nearly $ 30 billion in AT & T bonds and notes , the company 's drastic revamping conjures up ghosts of earlier , similar deals -- with the key question for investors being which ghost will be invited to the feast .
In the Microsoft trial today , a Justice Department lawyer opened cross-examination of the company 's first witness by asking him to concede that Microsoft held a monopoly in personal-computer operating systems .
Through these emissaries , Mr. Winnick wanted to know if Mr. Anschutz 's interest in U S West was genuine and whether Mr. Anschutz might be willing to drop Qwest 's bid for Frontier .
Starbucks Corp reports net income of $ 103 million in 14 weeks ended Oct 3 ; revenue in quarter increases to $ 1.5 billion from $ 1.1 billion ; chairman Howard D Schultz says Starbucks plans to open 1,500 stores next year and expects growth of 20 percent in earnings per share for both revenue and earnings ( M )
Subtract the eBay autos business , analysts say , and the average selling price of goods on the service has been stagnant at best , even as eBay increases the amount it charges sellers to list items on the site .
The deal was approved when Cosmos 's majority owner , the RMF Corporation , agreed to accept a lower offer after San Miguel discovered that some Cosmos equipment was below Coca-Cola 's standards .
Airbus , the European aircraft company , passed Boeing in 2003 to become the world 's largest commercial aircraft maker .
Responding to a manager 's question about attacks on Wal-Mart 's image , Mr. Scott wrote in an April 2004 posting : ''Your value to Wal-Mart is outweighed by the damage you could do to our company when you do the wrong thing . ''
The Bank of America unit of the BankAmerica Corporation said yesterday that it had placed in review its combined corporate image and retail accounts , with billings estimated at $ 50 million to $ 70 million .
Mr. Rawlins described his client as relieved that he no longer faces the threat of prison : Mr. Curry , who had been arrested one day before the deadline his lawyers had given Morgan Stanley to respond to his grievances , had been charged with forgery , conspiracy , attempted trespass of a computer and attempted coercion .
In a white paper submitted to the Justice Department in late January , Oracle laid out its view of the Microsoft challenge in the business software market .
Board of Morgan Stanley , responding to vitriolic campaign to oust its chief executive Philip J Purcell , announces series of changes in corporate governance and reaffirms its support for Purcell ; measures do not address root cause of Purcell 's lack of popularity , which is result of bitter rift beetween elite investment bankers and traders and lagging brokerage division where core of Purcell 's support lies ( M )
The companies -- Johnson & Johnson , Baxter International Inc. , Abbott Laboratories , Medtronic Inc. and GE Medical Systems , a unit of the General Electric Company -- say the exchange 's purpose is to cut hundreds of millions of dollars out of the costs that they and their customers incur while handling the drudge work of processing orders .
Its latest palmtops offer bigger , better screens , smooth music and video playback , wireless networking , Microsoft Office document editing and memory-card expansion slots .
At Microsoft in Redmond , Wash. , Joe Herman , a product manager , returned Sun 's fire .
''The numbers being put together are from the Navy and not Northrop Grumman , '' he added .
Compact Disk Pictures Offered By Kodak and Intel Partnership
Omnicom Group is forming network of advertising agencies working on health care accounts , to be centralized under name TBWA World Health ; will have more than 700 employees and revenue estimated at $ 150 million ( S )
Mr. Koffler thinks that Cisco 's annual sales will triple over the next five years , to more than $ 50 billion .
McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas is testing a common-use check-in system called SpeedCheck , developed jointly by I.B.M .
Within a few hours of PeopleSoft 's announcement that it would not face further regulatory scrutiny , Oracle said it planned to proceed with its $ 6.3 billion hostile takeover of PeopleSoft .
It would be the first time during his presidency that Mr. Bush has met collectively with Mr. Ford , Rick Wagoner of General Motors and Thomas W. LaSorda of Chrysler .
Although the company would not disclose technical details and said that some of its network communications software remained unfinished , a person with detailed knowledge of the development effort said that Mr. Wozniak 's role had in some ways paralleled his earlier work at Apple Computer .
That drug was the cornerstone of G. D. Searle , the pharmaceutical subsidiary of Monsanto that Pharmacia has incorporated into its operations .
Indeed , Mr. Jobs took particular glee in boasting that Apple 's state-of-the-art manufacturing efficiency had enabled it to outpace such industry leaders as Dell Computer in recent months .
's Lotus unit and Microsoft .
Mr. Harman has sold the company before , once for $ 100 million in 1977 after he joined the Carter administration as an assistant commerce secretary .
VS. MICROSOFT
Citigroup Regrets Bond Trades In Europe
The good guys -- in blue uniforms , natch , which is the traditional I.B.M .
The Federal judge hearing the Microsoft antitrust case openly questioned the reliability of video evidence the company had presented in court and called the situation ''very troubling . ''
Sales of books and movies , Mr. Mahaney said , made up the bulk of Amazon 's $ 2.6 billion in North American media sales last year -- revenues that also included music .
''The timing of this , combined with the fact that all the necessary information had been in plaintiffs ' lawyers possession for years and the judge had denied class-action status , seems unusual , if not suspect , '' said Stephen H. Rovak , a lawyer for Monsanto in the price-fixing case .
While he has asked pointed questions of witnesses , especially Microsoft witnesses previously , he was more direct than he had been in the past .
An Apple phone could be a particularly tempting product for Mr. Jobs , giving him the opportunity to overcome Mr. Sculley 's largest failure .
Settlement talks are believed to be focused on Coca-Cola 's practice of paying retailers rebates in return for ensuring prominent shelf space for its weaker brands .
For example , Medtronic , which is the nation 's biggest maker of heart devices , said that rather than creating a new safety panel , the company was expanding the number of outside physicians who consult with the company on device performance and safety issues .
But afterwards , Pertamina 's board , including Mr. Purnama , urged the government to replace Exxon Mobil with another operator , prompting Mr. Yudhoyono 's decision .
The testimony last week of Garry Norris of I.B.M .
Coca-Cola prepares a summertime pitch for teen-agers that may be its most aggressive ever .
Dr. Landy said that Medtronic could choose to try to market designs that do not make use of the patents in question .
EBay 's shares rose $ 1.97 , to $ 59.06 , in regular trading but fell as low as $ 55 after hours , following the earning report .
The court appointed an examiner to recommend further damages and told him to determine what part of LVMH 's spending from 1999 through 2002 -- on everything from advertising to borrowing -- was paid ''to maintain its image and to thwart the denigration of which it was the victim because of the actions '' of Morgan Stanley .
And Microsoft 's brand reputation has begun to decline among the survey panel members , whose opinions are tracked by Techtel , which is based in Emeryville , Calif .
Steven E Brier evaluates tax preparation software Kiplinger Taxcut from H & R Block ( $ 34.95 for PC , for Macintosh , $ 24.95 ) ( M )
Pfizer , world 's largest pharmaceutical company , awards large consumer advertising assignments to McCann-Erickson , Kaplan Thaler Group and Berlin Cameron/Red Cell ( S )
It went on to say that overall , its ''pending asbestos claims will be resolved without material effect on Halliburton 's financial position or results of operations . ''
If sales were at the midpoint of the range , that would mean Amazon 's sales for the full year would be $ 5.16 billion , up 31 percent .
Boeing Co agreed to pay its new chief executive W James McNerney Jr total compensation package that could top $ 53 million to wrest him away from 3M ; package essentially replaces one that McNerney held at 3M , and to collect its full value he will have to stay at Boeing at least six years ; McNerney can begin to sell 3M stock options valued at nearly $ 30 million now that he has left company ; photo ( M )
The committee 's letter seeks information beyond what Johnson & Johnson has already provided investigators .
Ten years ago , when Boeing delivered Egyptair 's 767 , the United States mandated that flight data recorders monitor 17 categories of airplane operation .
The Comcast Corporation reported a wider first-quarter loss yesterday but raised its forecast for subscriber growth this year .
On Monday , as the deadline came and went , a person close to Microsoft had played down the timing of a reply .
But some analysts suggest that the three-year Justice Department pursuit of Microsoft has already affected consumers , at least indirectly , by making Microsoft less blatantly aggressive against competitors .
Virginia Postrel Economic Scene column says Microsoft antitrust case showcases recent economic scholarship on imperfect competition , which uses mathematical game theory to understand strategies companies might pursue to gain advantage in markets that depart from abstract notion of perfect competition ; photo ( M )
Microsoft 's position on the deal is that America Online ''played Microsoft and Netscape off against each other , and in the end Microsoft won fair and square , '' Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman , said today .
Ms. Flanagan , the company spokeswoman , said Verizon did not know how many of its 25 million residential and business customers in the 13-state region had lost service because the employees who would have compiled such figures were either filling in for strikers or on strike themselves .
A.T. & T. and its much smaller competitor , DSC Communications of Plano , Tex. , which also makes high-speed digital switches , will provide distribution and transmission equipment that uses high-capacity fiber optic lines .
In 1988 , for example , he was placed in charge of the Microsoft Corporation 's prickly partnership with I.B.M .
But Joyce Oberdorf , a spokeswoman for Aetna , said it was ''a prospective alliance that we think holds promise . ''
Nosing around the Web , I homed in on four systems from companies known for their consumer focus -- Dell , Apple , Gateway and eMachines -- and discovered that you do n't need a $ 3,000 system to be a multimedia mogul .
Verizon said it operated 48 million phone lines at the end of March , 3.6 million fewer than at the end of the first quarter last year .
''But there is a problem if Microsoft can use its market power to stifle innovation because start-ups never really get a market test if they are killed in the crib before they become a core threat to Microsoft . ''
''When we acquired these names , we acted to procure anything that was potentially useful for Procter & Gamble , '' said Terri Carrick , a spokeswoman for the company , which is keeping domains for its brand-name products , like Crest .com/ and Pringles.com/ .
''Comcast and Time Warner have had very good success with offering digital video recorders , which require a set-top box . ''
In a statement last evening , Merck denied that it had acted improperly .
Ulysses Yannas , an analyst with Buckman , Buckman & Reid , thinks Xerox shares are overpriced at their current mid-teens level , but he is relenting a bit .
Interest in Tuesday 's meeting has been heightened by a fallout between Eric Molson , 66 , and a distant cousin , R. Ian Molson , 49 , who has been the company 's deputy chairman for five years .
To find information about your symptoms , click on the link for the Knowledge Base at support.microsoft.com .
Federal officials are in the final stages of studying whether to open a formal investigation into the safety of Goodyear tires on large pickup trucks , sport utility vehicles and vans , a person close to the study said tonight .
Some analysts have speculated that Dell , long a loyal Intel customer , may choose to increase its use of Advanced Micro chips , which are typically less expensive than Intel 's .
Energy Pacific , joint venture of Pacific Enterprises and Enova Corp , names Kovel Kresser & Partners as first advertising agency to handle account of energy services company ; billings estimated at more than $ 20 million ; Con Edison Solutions , new retail arm of Consolidated Edison Co , names Yellowstone Group as agency of record to handle assignments like advertising , direct marketing and promotions ; billings undetermined ( S )
That will give Apple a distribution channel into the no-computer consumer world , which it needs following a decision last month by the Best Buy chain to stop carrying the iMac .
But perhaps most important , adding Honeywell could actually speed up G.E .
''We built a business model that is second to none , have the strongest balance sheet , the most customers , and we 're in the most countries , '' said Mr. Weill , listing what he sees as Citigroup 's strengths .
Opponents argue that the bank , even with its narrow focus , would allow Wal-Mart eventually to open retail banking branches that could wipe out competitors , an ambition Wal-Mart denies harboring .
Citibank and Bank of America have said that they have found no evidence of collusion with Mr. Rusnak .
Shares of Intel rose 36 cents , to $ 22.99 , while shares of STMicroelectronics , which is traded on the New York Stock Exchange , rose 38 cents , to $ 20.26 .
He answered criticisms that he dwelled too much on the distant high-technology future by describing Time Warner Cable 's current plans for digital television , emphasizing : ''These are n't just ideas floating out there in the ether .
He and the two Citigroup executives said they would be walking in and out of one another 's offices all day , running the company as a troika .
Total sales were $ 6.2 billion during the third quarter , a 10 percent increase from a year earlier , and slightly better than Cisco 's forecast in February .
AT & T and Comcast will split the board seats evenly .
''This deal also provides an exit strategy for eBay , '' Mr. Krutko said .
Microsoft must also add new capabilities and bind them to the basic Office programs -- Word , Excel and PowerPoint -- to try to fend off competition from free open-source products , like OpenOffice , and free Web-based alternatives , like Writely.com ( a word processor ) and NumSum.com ( for spreadsheets ) .
is contending that part of the $ 400 million in advertising payments should have been considered a form of rebate or payback on the much larger payment for Bertelsmann 's stake in AOL Europe , according to Time Warner 's filings earlier this year .
For more than two years , Microsoft has sought to translate its dominance of the PC market into control of gateways to the Internet .
For the first nine months of the year , Interpublic also narrowed its loss , to $ 240.9 million , or 57 cents a share , from a restated $ 683.5 million , or $ 1.65 a share , in the period a year ago .
''Kodak is no longer asking 'Is this a good or bad business ? '
Mr. Mackey -- noting that Whole Foods has made 18 previous acquisitions , including Fresh Fields and Bread & Circus -- said that the companies would save money by eliminating corporate duplication and that Whole Foods would gain access to markets where it is now weak , particularly the Pacific Northwest , the Rocky Mountain region and Florida .
At the new Honeywell , apparently , that is just not an option .
With Union Pacific 's profit falling rapidly , the company disclosed last week that its board had denied top executives any 1997 performance bonuses .
The Ford Motor Company announced today that its earnings from continuing operations rose roughly in line with expectations during the third quarter , as cost reductions and record sales of high-profit sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks in the United States offset losses overseas .
Motorola said yesterday that it planned to divest its struggling semiconductor operations from its cellphone and communications equipment businesses , a step that had long been favored by Wall Street and opposed by top management .
At the conference on Monday , both Intel and Advanced Micro Devices will describe new power-saving features that will make it possible for entire sections of future microprocessors to be shut down when they are not being used .
Starbucks Corp has been at vanguard of offering wireless Internet access in popular Wi-Fi format at its United States stores as way to attract customers ; is experimenting with offering special Internet content at stores to anyone with PC equipped with Wi-Fi card ; industry executives call promotions logical response to fading novelty of simple Wi-Fi access ; photo ( M )
Mr. Shoenholz said that Entergy had resolved the possibility satisfactorily but that Dominion had not .
Skeptics are quick to note that the technology companies lining up behind Linux , with its estimated seven million users , have their own competitive reasons to oppose Microsoft , which has 300 million users for its Windows operating systems .
sued American International Group today , seeking to halt negotiations between the two American companies .
''It is very much in the industry 's best interest to help Mattel revive the brand , '' said John Barbour , president of Toys ''R '' Us , whose store in Times Square features a two-story Barbie mansion bigger than the average Starbucks .
And some analysts said the quarter 's positive results were bookkeeping flourishes that were part of a carefully orchestrated Apple effort to provide good news that could be crucial for consumer confidence as it enters the big Christmas quarter .
Amazon in Cross-Fire Of Battling Reviewers
''There are permits for everything , '' said Colleen Lacter of Waggener Edstrom , a public relations firm representing Microsoft , emerging from a tent at Wollman Rink in Central Park after an MSN 8 promotional event .
Unsurprisingly , Microsoft offers no procompetitive explanation for its campaign to deceive developers .
Mr. Sacconaghi said that the new signings for the services group were just $ 400,000 more than I.B.M .
Mr. Gates said that the merger might actually open new avenues for Microsoft to create strategic alliance with other AOL Time Warner competitors , like the Walt Disney Company .
Microsoft noted that addressing all of the issues to be raised in the appeal ''would require review of the 13,466-page trial transcript and the 2,695 trial exhibits that comprise the record in these cases , a time-consuming exercise the Supreme Court would not likely be anxious to undertake . ''
At oral argument , the department conceded that it had offered no evidence on the subject , and Microsoft suggested that it could have forcefully contested anything the department might have offered , alluding to information -- obviously not in the record -- that no O.E.M .
Microsoft is wagering that the time is finally right for a tablet computer in the form of an ultra slim slate the approximate size and thickness of a yellow notepad with an ultra-high resolution screen , an all-day battery and the ability to recognize handwriting -- all with a wireless , high-speed connection to the Internet .
Verizon has warned of big layoffs for months .
For Microsoft to battle the biggest marketing behemoth out there -- itself -- takes money , said Robert Lerner , senior analyst at Current Analysis in Sterling , Va .
Apple , which reported a loss of $ 704 million for its second quarter , said that it expected to be profitable in its fourth-quarter , which ends in September .
''It 's a community process and has been for decades , '' said Mr. Waldron , the I.B.M .
Both Altria and R. J. Reynolds say they will probably appeal those portions of the court 's ruling .
For her part , Ms. Mulcahy said : ''I know the Xerox team well .
The unexpected move , coming a day after the firm 's abrupt proposal to spin off the Discover credit card unit , underscores how rapidly events have progressed for the battling factions since the dissidents sent their first letter to Morgan Stanley 's board a week ago .
But as evidence mounted that the drugs could be dangerous , Amgen executives began hoping merely that the 145 trial would not show a negative effect .
His 2006 salary will be frozen at its 2005 level and his 2006 restricted stock award will be reduced 20 percent , Raytheon said .
Kodak has spent much of the year putting out fires .
Who is Karel van Miert , and why is he declaring war on the Boeing Company ?
Monsanto began its work on seeds in the 1980 's , when it applied genetic engineering to agriculture .
On the subject of Mac laptop batteries , Apple is recalling certain batteries made by LG Chem that were sold from January 2004 to August 2004 for PowerBook G4 's with a 15-inch screen .
Amdahl Corp , maker of clones of IBM 's biggest mainframe computers , will announce wide-ranging partnership with Microsoft Corp to help sell Windows NT to large corporations ( S )
But she said : ''The feeling was , Campbell 's is a legitimate product .
Despite all the anger its demonstration has engendered , Zero-Knowledge insists that the bottom line is that Intel chose the wrong way to protect user security .
The federal regulations , Chevron said , required auditors to consider additional factors before making such a determination .
''Previously , GSI was below Amazon 's radar , '' Mr. Rashtchy said .
And Hans Ullmark , 50 , chief executive at Anderson & Lembke in San Francisco , an agency also owned by Interpublic , was named worldwide strategic director at Thunder House , which has formed a strategic alliance with the on-line operations of Anderson & Lembke .
Kodak said that net income in the second half would be 25 to 65 cents a share -- a sharp drop from $ 1.54 in 2002 .
The state estimates the 7E7 will provide 1,200 production jobs and as many as 3,400 support jobs at Boeing by 2015 and an additional 12,700 jobs across the state .
The fall of Microsoft 's stock price began in late March , just as many Internet stocks were beginning to crumble .
Talks aimed at resolving a discrimination dispute involving Allstate and more than 6,500 agents and former agents have broken off , both sides said yesterday , and specialists in employment law say they think it is now likely that the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission will take the insurer to court .
Last week , lawyers for the agents filed another suit , accusing Allstate of improperly reducing pension benefits .
Goldman Sachs former senior economist John M Youngdahl is indicted for insider trading , fraud , perjury and other charges in connection with purchase of about $ 318 million of 30-year bonds and bond futures minutes ahead of Treasury Department 's announcement in 2001 that it was ending sale of 30-year bonds ; Goldman Sachs and MFS Investment Management consent to Securities and Exchange Commission order that censures them in connection with trading of 30-year bonds and futures based on insider information ; Goldman agrees to pay back $ 3.8 million in profits , $ 500,000 in interest and $ 5 million penalty ; MFS will pay $ 200,000 penalty and $ 717,858 to cover losses of bond dealer who sold about $ 65 million in bonds to MFS manager Steven E Nothern ahead of official Treasury announcement on eliminating 30-year bond ; companies do not admit or deny SEC findings ; SEC says Goldman did all its buying in eight minutes on Oct 31 , 2001 when Treasury helped confuse situation by inadvertently putting announcement on its Web site , 17 minutes early ; Washington consultant Peter J Davis , who passed on information to Youngdahl and to Nothern , who pleads guilty to felony charges involving insider trading , conspiracy and theft of government property ; also consents to civil SEC complaint on fraud charges , without admitting or denying accusations ; SEC also files civil fraud complaints against Youngdahl and Nothern ; is seeking $ 3.1 million in profits that MFS bond mutual funds made on insider information from Nothern , not from MFS itself ; indictment is brought by US attorney James B Comey ; photo ( M )
David Polk , a Raytheon spokesman , said the unit that Raytheon sold to Washington had guaranteed its customers that it would complete 50 projects that the unit had undertaken at the time of the sale , including 33 maintenance contracts that he said exposed Raytheon to a negligible amount of liability .
The memo said , ''the shift to more part-time associates will lower Wal-Mart 's health-care enrollment '' even though Wal-Mart was reducing the amount of time to one year , from two , that part-time workers would have to wait to qualify for health insurance .
And so , like tens of thousands of AT & T employees who will learn their fates between now and next summer , Mr. Smith finds himself in career limbo .
By 1945 he had become vice president and general manager of CBS .
Wal-Mart said busy stores over the four-day weekend would contribute to healthy 6 percent sales growth and protect its profit margins .
When it introduced the console last November , Microsoft said it expected to ship three million Xbox 360 's in the first three months , and 4.5 million to 5.5 million by the end of June .
Left Field in San Francisco said yesterday that it had resigned two of its on-line accounts with estimated billings at $ 8 million : Amazon.com in Seattle and Drugstore.com in Bellevue , Wash .
Home Depot Taps the Weepy Part of Reality TV
Merger costs and the divestiture of some businesses drove Verizon 's profit down 8.4 percent in the first quarter , but the company continued to have strong growth in wireless and broadband subscriptions .
Kevin M. Burke , the chairman , president and chief executive of Con Edison , is scheduled to appear this morning at a City Council hearing on the blackout and has promised to give the city a report on the blackout by Wednesday .
Yahoo 's radio service , Launch , reached 1.05 million listeners for that week .
The trade publication Adweek reported this week that the reorganization would be extensive enough to affect more than a dozen Interpublic and True North agencies in advertising , media services , direct marketing and public relations .
For decades the company focused on getting people to take more pictures ( Remember ''the Kodak moment ? '' )
But Anthony Noto , a Goldman Sachs analyst , said he saw the report as an indication that Amazon 's profitability goal was realistic .
Ms. Cruz , Mr. Crawford 's counterpart , discussed a similar employment contract with Morgan Stanley 's board but made a decision not to enter an agreement , according to a person briefed on the negotiations .
Yet critics contend the fuller fruits of collaboration between NCR and A.T. & T. have not really materialized.While A.T. & T. executives talk glowingly about the convergence of computers and communications , the combined entity has yet to produce a blockbuster product or service , like interactive multimedia computer systems , that can not be obtained somewhere else .
And there is no doubt in my mind that Tom 's continued success will haunt Viacom for years to come .
The most watched drama at the Walt Disney Company these days is not its live-action football hit , ''Remember the Titans , '' but the real-life clash of two executive giants .
The International Business Machines Corporation said customers liked the idea of managing huge groups of PC 's from a central location and the ease of upgrading their software , but that many customers were reluctant to embrace a box that did not have the flexibility of a traditional PC .
A group of key Linux software developers and major computer manufacturers are planning to announce on Tuesday at a Silicon Valley computer conference the first effort to compete directly with Microsoft 's Office suite of applications for the personal computer .
''As collectibles prices started to fall , people asked me what I was going to do about it , '' Meg Whitman , eBay 's chief executive , said in an interview .
A few hours later , the bullfight drawing had been removed from Costco 's Web site .
William J. Maguire Jr. , who was the president of Citicorp Investment Services , ''has been relieved of his duties , and he is in the process of leaving the company , '' said Mark Rodgers , a Citigroup spokesman .
Internet may free advertisers to make their own television commercials without going through traditional ad agency ; several companies are offering automated ad creation over Internet and , in some cases , ad placement services that all advertisers can use to more tightly focus their marketing ; new systems threaten some of roles that advertising agencies have traditionally played ; national advertisers are using systems to make their messages more relevant on local level ; Zimmerman Advertising , agency that is part of Omnicom Group , is selling stock advertising and online buying for TV , Internet , print publications , radio , direct mail and in-store ads ; automated system it is offering to advertisers , called Pick-n-Click , is available only for automotive advertisers has 150,000 components ; Visible World has introduced project that allows national advertisers to create thousands of custom versions of TV commercials ; Invidi Technologies has developed ad system that senses use of TV remote control , along with other viewer actions , to guess which member of given household is tuned in ; online ad agency Spot Runner began offering its online ads year ago ; photos ( L )
The branded tokens are part of a reinvention of Monopoly that Hasbro executives hope will offer consumers modernized references more relevant to them than the elements of the game that date to the Great Depression .
Setting the stage for an end to its protracted bidding contest with the Newmont Mining Corporation , AngloGold Ltd. , the world 's largest gold producer , said it would not increase its offer for Normandy Mining Ltd. , Australia 's biggest gold miner .
MacManus Group consolidates its large Procter & Gamble Co accounts by shifting brands from its smaller agency , N W Ayer & Partners , to its larger one , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Communications ( S )
Waste Management , formerly called WMX International , had been seeking a new chief executive since February , when Phillip B. Rooney resigned under pressure from shareholders .
Creditors further contended in court filings that Motorola operated the satellite network using that software , under contracts that were ''excessively lucrative for Motorola . ''
''Most if not all of Amazon 's business is built on top of this technology . ''
Big drug companies are courting OSI , hoping to take Pfizer 's place .
Among the six established soft drink leaders , only Diet Coke managed even a slight increase in domestic volume last year , according to figures published by Beverage Digest .
Amazon says the typical movie will take two to seven hours to download , depending on the connection speed of the user .
But if the price is too favorable to Goldman Sachs , it could limit Sumitomo Mitsui 's net income . ''
move comes only two days after it announced a deal with Cisco Systems Inc. , the leading producer of specialized computers for relaying data traffic over the Internet .
But Microsoft introduced its own version of Java tailored for Windows .
A majority of those questioned say Microsoft is a monopoly -- a label Microsoft itself shuns -- but 77 percent also say Microsoft makes high-quality products .
In a conference call with analysts , Microsoft said that it expected PC shipments for its fiscal 2002 , which ends next July , to decline slightly .
Microsoft has set aside about $ 4 billion in what it calls ''unearned revenues '' as a result of the way it sells both its Windows operating system products and its Office suite of software applications .
Borders Group , one of nation 's largest book retailers , announces new strategic plan to close nearly half of its Waldenbooks stores , sell off or franchise most of its 73 overseas superstores , sever its relationship with Amazon.com and start its own online retail site ; reports fourth-quarter loss of $ 73.6 million compared with profit of $ 119.1 million year ago ; total sales for Waldenbooks were down 8.3 percent and 10.9 percent over all in 2006 ( M )
Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis are portraying Canadian beer-loving McKenzie brothers in American television commercials for Miller Brewing Co -- which handles US import sales for Molson Breweries Ltd division of Molson Companies ; ads are being produced by Young & Rubicam ; photo ( L )
The current number of available games for the Xbox shows that Microsoft , considered just a few years ago to be a long shot to contend with Sony , is putting up a fierce fight .
For 2005 , Pfizer predicted it would have adjusted operating profits of $ 15 billion , or $ 2 a share , down from $ 16 billion , or $ 2.13 a share , in 2004 .
While selling off slow-growing landlines in New England may please Verizon 's shareholders seeking higher returns , the company 's plan has reignited long-simmering political and economic debates about whether the region is being left behind as wealthier states nearby pull further ahead .
Chip Drapeau , the chief executive of MRO , said that joining I.B.M .
In after-hours trading , shares of eBay rose $ 2.62 , to $ 67 , after closing down $ 1.32 , at $ 64.38 , during the regular session .
Jessica M Bibliowicz , daughter of Citigroup co-chief Sanford I Weill , has resigned as president of John A Levin & Co to become chief executive of National Financial Partners , start-up financial services company financed by investor Leon Black ; company caters to wealthy individuals and midsize businesses and hopes to acquire 300 small financial planners , insurance brokers and investment advisers in next five years ; photo ( M )
While some said that the Hughes operations would fit Northrop Grumman best , Raytheon might be willing or able to pay more .
Microsoft Corp chairman , William H Gates , unveils Xbox , company 's much-anticipated entry in video game console market , at Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , but the company is vague on many details about it ; its 733-megahertz Intel microchip is much more powerful than the most powerful chip in a current game console ; one retailer expects it to have the impact that Sony PlayStation 2 promised but could not deliver , but other industry experts are not as quick to concede the console market to Microsoft ; photo ( M )
While AOL is on pace to achieve cash-flow growth in the mid-30 percent range or better , some analysts say that Time Warner 's annual growth rate appears to have been only about 10 percent for the first nine months of this year , after removing some special one-time gains .
General Motors Corp sales fell by 2.3 percent in July from year earlier while Chrysler Corp 's sales surged 18.8 percent , reflecting shift in demand toward mini-vans , sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks instead of cars ; sales fell sharply for Honda , Nissan , Isuzu and Mitsubishi while rising for Volvo and Toyota and staying flat at Suzuki ; Ford Motor Co is expected to announce overall sales down as much as 3 percent from year ago ( M )
While the talks with AOL are not directly related to that case , many of the issues involve questions of Microsoft 's market power .
Many Italian companies that sell unrated corporate bonds such as Barilla , Bulgari , Benetton , Ducati , Pirelli and Prada are having difficulty attracting investors ; Italians have increasingly turned to money managers , who are less likely than individual investors who buy unrated bonds on brand-name recognition ; Goldman Sachs analyst Pierluigi Volini says another factor favoring move away from unrated bonds is general development of Italian capital markets that has broken cycle of banks directly financing companies ( M )
That rise came as same-store sales fell by 1.5 percent at McDonald 's and by 0.8 percent at Jack in the Box .
While the pill has been a gem for o Pfizer , it may hurt its competitors , all of whose impotence treatments involve invasive methods .
Texas Instruments took pretax charges of $ 244 million for buying the assets of a memory chip joint venture with Hitachi Ltd .
I.B.M .
That deal provided much-needed cash and eliminated potential antitrust problems that Boston Scientific would have faced if it had acquired all of Guidant .
But even as it introduced the new capability , in the form of a free program called Boot Camp available for download , Apple tried with not-so-subtle body language to play down its significance .
Chevron , for example , expects to spend $ 3.5 billion on its Tahiti project , which should start production in 2008 .
Boeing earned $ 465 million , or 48 cents a share , in the fourth quarter , including a $ 30 million tax credit worth 3 cents a share .
Profit at Starbucks Coffee Japan fell 70 percent in first nine months of fiscal year ended December ; earned pretax profit of 353 million yen ( $ 3 million ) ; sales rose 17.9 percent , to 41.4 billion yen ( S )
Ford Motor , General Motors and DaimlerChrysler have all pledged to improve the mileage of their sport utility vehicles .
''It 's good management always to have a clear succession plan , '' said Tanya Azarchs , an analyst who tracks Citigroup 's debt for Standard & Poor 's .
I.B.M .
AT & T owns about 9 percent of América Móvil , which is controlled by the Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helú .
Hasbro this year put considerable effort into redesigning G. I. Joe , adding realistic World War II figures and soldiers with lots of gear that undertake secret missions .
Mr. Rohan added that Yahoo appeared to have unusual turnover among its executives and that this might have hurt its ability to sell ads .
In the six days of testimony since the trial began on June 7 , government witnesses have tried to reinforce the argument that the market for enterprise software , which companies use to manage their finances , personnel records , procurement , sales and customer relations , is limited to Oracle , PeopleSoft and SAP when it comes to meeting the needs of very large corporations .
''In Mr. Falco , the company has hired a great operator who can now take AOL to the next level , '' Edward I. Adler , a Time Warner spokesman , said .
Moody 's Investors Service says Virginia will retain highest general obligation bond rating , Aaa ; placed state on downgrade watch list last fall ( S )
Determined to steer clear of Apple , he bought his six-gigabyte Sansa last June .
Another breakup scenario would be the creation of a handful of new companies that would each have proprietary information for Windows and Microsoft 's other software products .
In the 10 months ended in June , Microsoft 's share of the browser market climbed to 32 percent , from 8 percent previously , according to Zona Research .
But given the disclosure last week that the company had found new irregularities in its handling of stock options and that it would be revising some financial statements , code writers will probably not be the only ones waiting eagerly to hear what Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , has to say .
Verizon Wireless is run by a nine-member governing board .
Responding to questions about the letter , Halliburton 's chief legal officer , Les Coleman , said that Dresser ''did not inform '' Halliburton about the letter until after the merger was completed in September 1998 .
Some of these products duplicate similar Microsoft offerings and may go the way of the Yahoo advertising deal .
Juno Online Services in New York expanded its relationship with Omnicom Group by awarding a new direct response account to Rapp Collins Worldwide in New York , part of Omnicom .
But he said there was also peer pressure and litigation risk for McDonald 's if it does not get rid of trans fat .
He and his wife , whom he met at Boeing , own two homes , one that they rent out .
But it is in New York City where Verizon has the most at stake , because New Yorkers are some of the nation 's biggest buyers of video , Internet and phone services .
As early as tomorrow , the companies ' pending purchase of Adelphia Communications -- worth about $ 17 billion -- could be completed , giving Time Warner Cable 3.5 million new cable customers and Comcast an extra 1.7 million subscribers .
PSINet hired Goldman Sachs late last year to find buyers for some of its assets and has succeeded in spinning off its consumer dial-up Internet access unit , a credit card processing operation and a consulting arm , but investors appear to believe that the efforts are too late .
Dale F. Morrison , chief executive and president of the Campbell Soup Company , who had been in the job less than three years and was unable to expand the canned soup business , stepped down yesterday .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the nation 's largest retailer , said yesterday that it had halted sales of Maxim , Stuff and FHM , men 's magazines that feature a mix of scantily clad starlets and bawdy humor but go to some lengths to avoid being labeled as pornography .
Mr. Johnson came out of retirement to replace Dale F. Morrison , who resigned in March after less than three years in Campbell 's top job .
Mr. Zach 's appointment comes six months after Thompson and Ogilvy , both owned by WPP Group , decided to jointly handle Kodak 's worldwide media planning and buying account .
I.B.M .
Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone AirTouch , has placed its Northeast local and tactical account into review , in addition to two other regional accounts being reviewed .
Netscape Communications Corp is expected to announce that accounting firm of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP has selected newest version of Netscape 's business communications software as standard for 17,000 workers in its 120 offices in United States ; deal is important endorsement for Netscape , which seeks to challenge both Microsoft Corp and Lotus Development unit of IBM as leading supplier of messaging software to businesses and institutions ; terms of deal are not disclosed ; software package , called Communicator , combines Web browser with work-group collaboration and electronic mail ; it is still in test version and will not be generally available for several months ; KPMG 's adoption of Communicator will broaden Netscape 's sales effort because deal also calls for accounting firm to become prime reseller of the software to clients of KPMG 's information technology consulting business ( M )
Allstate , which insures 724,000 New Jersey drivers , is spending $ 200,000 on the campaign .
Analysts said Johnson & Johnson , based in New Brunswick , N.J. , was seeking to regain momentum after disappointing losses of market share in sales of another type of medical device , coronary stents , which prop open clogged arteries .
To try to slow the acceptance of the Linux operating system by governments abroad , Microsoft is announcing today that it will allow most governments to study the programming code of its Windows systems .
His duties will be assumed by Millard C. Drexler , the chief executive of Gap Inc. and the executive credited with the vision that helped propel the company 's rise .
The judge in the Microsoft antitrust case , Thomas Penfield Jackson , is certainly no judicial radical .
But to kickstart Home Depot 's stagnant stock price , Mr. Nardelli has to persuade investors he can steer the retail division through a housing slump with no end in sight .
Chubb and Reliastar Deals Continue Merger Trend
Indeed , he said that for the next nine months Amazon would generate enough cash from its operations to cover its planned capital expenses .
And AT & T is not the worldwide leader in equipment sales .
In his 139-page written testimony , Mr. Allchin repeatedly struck the theme that the Justice Department and the 19 states suing Microsoft are making an ill-advised effort to tamper with innovation and product design in a leading high-technology industry .
Motorola 's large semiconductor business , which eked out a $ 13 million profit a year ago , lost $ 76 million in the recent quarter , including $ 33 million paid out to lay off employees , as sales fell 4 percent , to $ 1.2 billion .
Because of Mr. Young 's background , Wal-Mart had looked to him to ease its entry into such cities .
Last week , Microsoft sent its subscribers notice by postal mail that they would finally be charged for the last few months of access -- all at once .
Canceling a show from Mr. Kelley is especially significant because he has a contract to develop shows for Fox 's affiliated studio , 20th Century Fox Television ; both that studio and Fox Broadcasting are owned by the News Corporation .
Permira Advisers , the Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs extended their bid for the British department store chain Debenhams until Sept. 23 , the private equity groups said yesterday in a statement to the London Stock Exchange .
Since becoming chief executive in May , Richard T. Clark , who has spent his career at Merck and is known as a cost cutter , has promised to streamline the company 's operations , and Merck has already been quietly trimming its 62,000-person work force .
Chevron signed a lease shortly afterward for one of the buildings -- the 1.2-million-square-foot tower that used to be Enron 's headquarters -- and plans to move in this year .
''Everyone is trying to find out how high any misconduct may have reached , '' said Pablo Carrillo , a staff member of the Senate Commerce Committee , whose chairman , Senator John McCain , Republican of Arizona , has led the charge against Boeing .
Microsoft receives $ 10 more for each copy of Windows 95 than it did for the previous incarnation of the operating system , Windows 3.1 , analysts said , which helped to increase its profits in the fourth quarter as the share of computers being sold with the newer software has climbed to nearly 90 percent .
John W. Rowe , the chairman of Aetna , said the company agreed to pay $ 170 million to settle its part of a case that involves most of the country 's major health insurers .
IBM , American Express , Microsoft and other giant companies court accounts of small businesses with special programs on financing , purchases and other areas ; photos ( special section , Small Business ) ( M )
`` This was a good quarter , and I 'm confident that it augurs well for the remainder of the year , '' Robert E. Allen , chairman and chief executive of A.T. & T. , said at a morning news conference in Boston .
APPLE says its iPod music player and iTunes music store have 74 and 85 percent of their worldwide markets .
A group led by Exxon Mobil is developing a Sakhalin offshore section , with the goal of producing oil in about three years .
Robert E. Karl , an aviation specialist at Aon in Houston , said there appeared to be no consensus yet on which countries the insurers would require surcharges and how much the charges would be .
That would certainly be music to Apple 's ears .
Mr. Plohoros , who said he was also speaking on behalf of the company 's marketing partner , Merck , denied the editorial 's suggestions that the clinical trials were intended to achieve positive results .
We find that the district court erred procedurally in entering a preliminary injunction without notice to Microsoft and substantively in its implicit construction of the consent decree on which the preliminary injunction rested ... .
Kodak 's shares rose 65 cents , or 3 percent , closing at $ 24.40 , but several analysts attributed the rise to buying by short sellers .
Analysts said the alliance was a major victory for Palm in its market war against Microsoft .
''He is telling people that the company is underleveraged and should buy back more than $ 15 billion worth of stock , '' said one hedge fund manager who owns Time Warner shares but is not part of the group Mr. Icahn is putting together .
As part of the deal , Microsoft has agreed to eliminate restrictive contract terms and pricing deals with personal computer makers that in the past have effectively left the manufacturers little choice but to favor Microsoft products over rival software .
''My guess is they had people returning their Coca-Cola whether or not it came from those plants , '' said Emanuel Goldman , a global consumer products analyst for Merrill Lynch .
Victor E. Grijalva , vice chairman of Schlumberger , will become chairman .
Boeing and its supplier , the Parker Hannifin Corporation , of Cleveland , then changed the material and the manufacturing process for one part of the valve and said that they would supply the replacement valves free , though airlines would have to pay to install them .
He has headed the Applesoft Division for the last two years , during which the Microsoft Corporation has , in the eyes of many executives , closed a software gap where Apple had led commandingly .
The settlement grew out of a 2001 lawsuit against DuPont filed on behalf of people living in or near Parkersburg , W.Va. , where DuPont has been making Teflon for 50 years .
John J. Mack , in his first major step to address the woes of Morgan Stanley 's retail business , has hired James P. Gorman , the former retail chief at Merrill Lynch , to be president and chief operating officer of the individual investor group .
''When Unix customers look for the world 's best E-business solutions , they 'll find them at I.B.M. , '' said Rod Adkins , I.B.M .
And it now leaves Citigroup looking to fill two significant executive posts .
Yet antitrust experts said yesterday that the split decision by the three-judge panel -- a majority opinion written by a conservative and a partial dissent by a liberal -- was both a big victory for Microsoft and a reflection of the wider debate over how antitrust doctrine should apply to high-technology industries .
Verizon , the nation 's biggest local phone carrier and the dominant local communications company in the Northeast and the mid-Atlantic region , wants to expand its overseas presence mainly to serve the communications needs of multinational corporations .
Wal-Mart is using consultant Fleishman-Hillard , part of Omnicom Group , to analyze its public image and has commissioned radio and television ads to try to reverse criticism from local officials , consumers and others ; this is first time that Wal-Mart , known for parsimony in its business practices , has invested in 'reputation research ' -- using polling techniques , focus groups and phone interviews -- and then spent more money to try to repair distressing aspects of what it found ; effort indicates concern at Wal-Mart 's highest levels about fallout from company 's rapid growth and enormous economic influence ; with its ascent has come scrutiny of Wal-Mart 's penchant for hiring part-time workers as well as its treatment of female employees , subject of pending federal lawsuit , and its resistance to organized labor ; photo ( M )
According to outside estimates , Firefox has about 15 percent of the market , Internet Explorer has more than 78 percent , and Apple 's Safari a little less than 5 percent .
Now almost six years later , Mr. Kasparov , who is 39 , has found an appropriate silicon stand-in for the I.B.M .
U-verse does not have any high-definition channels , something AT & T hopes to introduce by the end of the year .
Motorola said that its cellular phone business returned to profitability after two quarters of losses and that orders for its troubled semiconductor unit had exceeded sales for the first time since the third quarter of last year .
The AT & T Corporation , in its first concrete step toward splitting itself into three companies , named one of its top executives yesterday to run the core communication company and a surprise outsider to head the $ 20 billion equipment business that will be spun off next year .
Procter , which makes popular consumer products like Tide laundry detergent and Pampers diapers , has been criticized by some investors and analysts because its financial reports since 1999 have included restructuring charges each quarter .
Apple came up with the iPhone .
Boeing eliminates a program , and its investors are happy .
General Motors said today that it planned to lay off nearly 3,000 workers at two plants , including 1,100 at a truck plant in Linden , N.J .
As part of the settlement reached between 10 Wall Street firms and regulators over conflicts in investment research , regulators said that Citigroup bankers allocated sought-after initial public offerings to prime banking clients -- a process known as spinning -- and that it failed to supervise the brokers who engaged in these activities .
The deal would also enable Comcast to turn the Time Warner Entertainment stake into cash eventually and that would presumably allow Comcast to pay down some of the debt it will incur in the $ 47 billion takeover of AT & T 's cable division .
Continental also operates a fleet of 69 McDonnell MD-80 jets , so its fleet , which currently totals 326 aircraft , will not be exclusively Boeing for many years .
''We make very good software , but we did n't make a very good videotape , '' said William H. Neukom , the Microsoft senior vice president for corporate and legal affairs .
It has twice sought additional information from Whole Foods about the merger .
After long imploring computer users to ''think different '' and defining the Macintosh as a lone bulwark against the Windows onslaught , Apple Computer has decided to open the gate , at least a bit .
In 2003 , Wal-Mart sales were $ 256 billion , six times those of Sears .
The two companies already compete fiercely in corporate database software , where Oracle competes with Microsoft 's SQL database .
One crucial issue that reached beyond the so-called browser wars was Microsoft 's control of the appearance of the the user 's desktop .
The chairman of Vornado , Steven Roth , has missed out on the flurry of mergers that have swept through the real estate investment trust industry .
Disney had agreed to grant Time Warner permission to retransmit ABC programming through May 24 , the end of the crucial ratings sweeps period , in which broadcasters gauge audience levels in order to set advertising rates .
Asked why Nike did not simply include the Web site addresses in the ads , Mr. Zimmerman replied that ''it 's more interactive '' to present only the E-mail addresses .
As part of the deal , News Corporation will receive $ 1.7 billion in cash that is on the balance sheets of the three companies .
AT & T and Time Warner have the skills to shift their strategies .
Maybe Microsoft decided that a Luddite presentation was politically useful .
He also said that Medtronic 's accounting and operating practices were manipulated to deprive him of tens of millions of dollars of royalties .
Mr. Hyneman and his colleague , Adam Savage , are the hosts of ''Mythbusters '' on the Discovery Channel .
A bid by Vornado , expected to be about $ 57 a share in cash and stock , would top Blackstone 's own increased bid last week of $ 54 a share in cash or $ 38.3 billion .
The combined Pfizer and Warner-Lambert will also have a research staff of 12,000 -- the largest in the world .
As Paul Maritz , Microsoft 's group vice president in charge of the Platforms Group , was quoted in The New York Times as telling industry executives : ''We are going to cut off their air supply .
''It should be capable of supporting a digital rights management regime that can be used to both protect intellectual property and individual privacy and the individual 's fair use of the intellectual property . ''
''Basically , Time Warner has been run for the short term . ''
The announcement was scheduled to be made at the Intel developer forum in Taipei .
''We are not just a selling site , but a telling site , '' said Patty Morris , a Target spokeswoman .
Publicis New York , which creates campaigns for appliances bearing the Whirlpool brand , inherited the Maytag assignment last May from its sibling , Burnett , after Whirlpool acquired Maytag .
Hearing panel of National Assn of Securities Dealers dismisses case brought by NASD 's enforcement arm against Morgan Stanley over tactics that its � okers and managers used to sell three bond funds in early 1990 's ; says regulators took too long to build case ; regulators accused Dean Witter , now unit of Morgan Stanley , of misleading investors , many of them elderly , about risks of buying funds ; are appealing decision by hearing panel ( M )
Several analysts suggested that the board was likely to reject the Comcast bid because it was too low .
One factor in Amgen 's favor is that a previous Aranesp trial , which raised red cells to even higher levels , showed a survival benefit in the subset of patients with small-cell lung cancer -- the only type of patients in the current trial .
Even an executive critical of what he calls Comcast 's overly aggressive contract negotiations concedes that the company is mainly taking steps in line with the economic changes rumbling through the cable industry .
That was two years before Microsoft 's industrial-strength operating system , Windows NT , was introduced .
Among corporations , I.B.M .
The American Express Company in New York has reassigned domestic direct marketing accounts with billings estimated at $ 50 million that an agency resigned because of a conflict .
`` We acknowledge very freely that in its original releases the software had a number of bugs , '' conceded Jerre L. Stead , president of AT & T Global Information Solutions .
Aetna to Settle Suit With Doctors Over Payments
A few lawsuits have been filed against Pfizer in recent months that echo many of the claims against Vioxx , but many plaintiffs ' lawyers with the Vioxx cases say Pfizer appears to be on firmer legal ground than Merck .
Indeed , there is plenty of money to be made in those areas , as Morgan Stanley and Goldman , Sachs have demonstrated .
Mr. Moffat said I.B.M .
Wal-Mart , which heavily promoted flat-screen TVs , said sales rose 1.6 percent , beating its own predictions of a meager 1 percent increase .
Last week , Microsoft agreed to comply with the judge 's order by allowing PC makers to remove the Explorer icon .
Interviews with Eastman Kodak employees , managers and outsiders paint picture of company that is setting strong antidiscrimination policies , and trying to enforce them , but with varying degrees of success ; group of past and present Kodak employees on July 30 sued company , accusing it of systematically discriminating against African-American ; suit was filed on behalf of 10 named plaintiffs as well as Employees Committed to Justice , group of about 200 others who meet monthly to compare notes about possible racism at Kodak ; some African-American employees suggest that their litigious colleagues may be ascribing racist overtones to ordinary workplace disputes ; many employees say Kodak act decisively when real racism occurs ; photo ( M )
But others note that Boeing 's performance will only improve if it succeeds in producing its planes more efficiently -- something it has had trouble doing lately -- and if it is not forced to sacrifice profits to win orders away from Airbus .
The deal is expected to revive the fortunes of Duke Energy North America , the company 's unprofitable merchant power business .
The economists , each of whom has served as chief economist of the Justice Department 's antitrust division , argue that a strong judicial directive to restore the competition thwarted by Microsoft 's illegal acts is necessary to ensure the effectiveness of antitrust law in an economy increasingly dominated by technology companies .
Target will occupy about 200,000 square feet on the second and third floors .
Just two years ago , Boeing projected that China would spend $ 140 billion on more than 2,000 aircraft by 2014 .
General Motors vice president D Nick Reilly will oversee transition of Daewoo Motors to GM control ( S )
But Intel executives remain bullish on their long-term potential .
Billings on the creative assignments were estimated at $ 300 million , the same amount as the estimated billings of Johnson , handled by the Chicago office of Foote , Cone & Belding , part of the FCB Group division of Interpublic .
Yahoo 's international network of affiliates lagged behind the United States , with revenue falling 21 percent , to $ 26 million .
Another $ 250 million owed to the bank comes from its share of $ 500 million in debtor-in-possession financing , or loans that J. P. Morgan , along with Citigroup , agreed to provide to help Enron continue to operate in bankruptcy .
Still , Pfizer has no plans to stop selling Celebrex , Pfizer chief executive , Henry A. McKinnell , said in an interview on ''This Week , '' on ABC Television .
To exploit those cost savings , Home Depot would now have to start weaving together the supply and retail business , setting up one information technology system and rewriting supplier agreements to apply to both .
In the past , Apple 's computers have often been praised for their stylish design yet criticized for being more expensive than comparably powered standard PC 's , which run on Microsoft 's Windows operating system and Intel 's microprocessor .
Johnson & Johnson is pushing to lower the price , contending that Guidant 's business has been seriously damaged since it recalled tens of thousands of implantable heart devices like defibrillators and pacemakers .
A combination of forces , like heavy reliance on wireless communications and the Internet , have cut deeply into the traditional wired telephone business , forcing companies like Verizon to find new sources of revenue .
And Yahoo Go , a new mobile service with many functions , is preparing to expand the audience for portable games by offering interdevice gaming , or the ability to connect multiple game players using different platforms .
Whether Procter 's latest lawsuit will be any more successful than past efforts to protect the Ivory-pure image that the company works so hard to project is an open question .
Apple Computer and the BMW Group announced an agreement yesterday to permit Apple 's iPod digital music players to integrate more easily with certain BMW and Mini Cooper models .
Shares of Bethlehem Steel have gone up 122 percent , and shares of the Nucor Corporation have risen 40 percent .
Intel to Join In a Project To Extend Wireless Use
Ion is also central to attempts by Saturn 's parent , the General Motors Corporation , to burnish the images of its brands in an important market , drivers ages 18 to 34 .
Alexandra Lipinski , marketing director for personal cleansing at Procter , said the goal of the contest and the campaign was to ''help bring Ivory to the forefront of consumers ' minds as they think about simplifying their lives . ''
Sanford I. Weill , the billionaire chairman of Citigroup , got a perk on his perks last year .
They can be found in abundance at Urban Outfitters ( 800-282-2200 ) and at saffronmarigold.com , top .
Still , Boeing has not been cut out of China 's lucrative market .
While a brand-name drug like CERA would pose new competition to Amgen , it might not have much impact on overall prices .
''And that 's been an I.B.M .
Not surprisingly , the News Corporation-MCI-Echostar alliance was seen as a threat by Primestar and its cable television constituents , and that made some cable systems -- especially Time Warner in New York -- reluctant to distribute Mr. Murdoch 's nascent cable channels , notably Fox News .
Still , the major sufferers of the price wars have clearly been Intel 's competition .
Home Depot 's former chief executive Robert L Nardelli looms large over company 's annual shareholder meeting as company 's directors and executives struggle with , and at times deliver clashing views of , Nardelli 's legacy ; new chief executive Frank Blake apologizes for last year 's infamous annual meeting , when Nardelli refused to take questions from investors , and members of company 's board stayed home , at their leader 's urging ; company 's lead director Kenneth G Langone strongly defends Nardelli 's leadership and pay , both of which came under criticism before board asked him to step down in January ; photo ( M )
Thompson and Ogilvy announced in November a joint venture to handle worldwide media planning and buying for Kodak .
Metro 7 will put Wal-Mart in direct competition with Target , whose clothing lines , created by designers like Isaac Mizrahi , have become desirable brands in their own right .
The complex escalator system and the oversize elevators that Wal-Mart required to transport passengers from parking areas on the fifth and sixth floors to the store itself , had to be made to order .
Yesterday it was Home Depot 's turn .
Federal and state officials are investigating whether Microsoft Corp has used its market muscle to force Intel Corp , its only real peer , to shelve new technology efforts that might conflict with Microsoft 's ambitions ; appear particularly interested in Aug 1995 meeting between Intel and Microsoft executives in which Microsoft chairman , William H Gates , reportedly made 'vague threats ' about supporting Intel competitors ; Federal Government and states accuse Microsoft of using unfair business practices to protect its monopoly in operating systems and to extend that monopoly into new markets for Internet software and commerce ; photos of Gates and Intel chairman , Andrew S Grove ( M )
The General Motors Acceptance Corporation , which offers a range of financial services from car loans to home mortgages , reported an $ 816 million profit , compared with an $ 846 million profit a year earlier .
Symantec has also updated its Norton Utilities and Norton AntiVirus software , along with its SystemWorks suite .
Tomorrow , after committing hundreds of millions of dollars , Microsoft is scheduled to release that device , Zune .
While Kodak cut annual costs by $ 730 million in 1998 , it cut only $ 80 million out of fourth-quarter costs .
A sneak preview of the spots will be broadcast on the Internet at www.cisco.com this week .
Microsoft 's general counsel , Bradford L. Smith , hailed the ruling as ''a landmark decision '' that removes a legal cloud over the company , freeing it up to use some of its more than $ 50 billion in cash to buy back shares or pay larger dividends .
It will also sell songs downloadable to phones through a PC from a Verizon music site for 99 cents each , the same price charged by online music stores like Apple iTunes .
Serious record collectors generally do not flip through the CD 's and DVD 's at Wal-Mart , Best Buy or Target .
But ever since the advent of the Buy It Now option in 2000 and the opening of eBay Stores in 2001 , commissions and fees from nonauction sales on eBay have become a significant part of the company 's revenue .
Judge Jackson ordered that the Oracle Corporation had to hand over to Microsoft documents concerning agreements it has with other companies , including Apple Computer , I.B.M .
Winn-Dixie 's stores overlap heavily with those of Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer , based in Bentonville , Ark .
as a counterweight to Intel , which still holds three-fourths of the market .
Gulf of Mexico is still reeling , four days after Hurricane Katrina , crippling gasoline supplies in parts of country ; Federal government steps up its release of strategic oil stocks to refiners ; Bush administration approves loan of six million barrels from emergency reserve to Exxon Mobil , and another one million barrels to Placid Refining ; Valero will receive 1.5 million barrels ; new supply is far less than what is needed to make up for expected loss of production from gulf ; much of gulf area 's production and refining remain shut ; two important pipelines that supply oil products to East Coast begin limited operations again , supported by emergency power supplies ; huge oil-importing terminal in Louisiana provides reassurance that it will resume receiving oil tankers soon ; Energy Department says nine major Louisiana refineries remain without power ; map ; photo ( M )
In October , News Digital Media dismissed about 20 percent of its New York news staff members and told almost all of its sports staff members to move to Los Angeles or lose their jobs .
The Government 's case against Microsoft , by contrast , is a sweeping antitrust suit contending that the software maker repeatedly tried to stifle competition -- charges Microsoft fiercely denies .
''And Apple is not so important a customer that you would take the financial hit to hold onto the relationship . ''
Among other charges , the Government 's suit accuses Microsoft of trying to persuade Netscape executives , at the meeting on June 21 , 1995 , to quit marketing browsers that run on Windows computers .
Ms. Nair had told Amazon about The Threepenny Review story , but neither she nor Amazon initially realized the magazine 's circulation .
''This is a move toward open standards , and that is the path toward accelerating market growth and innovation , '' said Susan Whitney , a general manager in I.B.M .
Mr. McColl originally planned to retire in 1999 , a year after the Bank of America deal was completed .
The one on the Honeywell plane is steered electronically .
''There is no doubt that Doug Daft is moving lightning quick to get the Coca-Cola Company heading in the right direction again , '' said Michael Branca , a beverage stocks analyst with Lehman Brothers , ''putting his best players in positions to make a difference , in areas where Coke has struggled in the past . ''
To date , industry analysts said , most of I.B.M .
Fitzgerald Joins The Interpublic Fold
Mr. Hayes said the Pfizer action was ''a harbinger of trouble ahead '' in the patchwork of Medicare drug programs , which include a welter of prices and eligibility requirements that some elderly people have found daunting to navigate .
The fund oversees Citigroup 's private equity investments in Brazil , among them a much-contested stake in Brasil Telecom , the country 's third-largest fixed-line phone company .
Article on various uses for abandoned retail spaces ; such vacancies occur when retail companies merge or shrink because of bankruptcy , move out of declining neigborhood or open bigger store near existing store , making older outlet redundant ; conversion of Wal-Mart store in Irving , Tex , to Mercado Azteca , which has more than 110 merchants that cater mainly to Hispanic shoppers , detailed ; chart ; photo ( M )
Then it added Hewlett-Packard , and now it is adding Microsoft , the dominant personal computer software company , and Intel , the leading maker of semiconductor chips for such computers .
The experiment appears to mark the first time that Wal-Mart has used its unrivaled influence in the American economy to lower the cost of health care for its customers .
''This might be a first for Cargill , '' said Eric Larson , an analyst at U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray .
''The attacks of Sept. 11 are a very personal thing for us , '' said Mr. Stammreich , the Boeing vice president .
''The amount of software and the quality of software is just better on a PC , '' said Chipp Walters , founder and chairman of Human Code , a multimedia software developer in Austin , Tex. , a city that Apple once boasted had the highest per-capita penetration of Macintoshes outside Cupertino .
Viacom-18 will start a Hindi-language entertainment channel later this year , and Viacom 's MTV Networks , which is already present in India , will become part of the joint venture .
Before the trade show , there were industry rumors that Apple would introduce a sleek consumer desktop with a flat-panel screen , priced in the same $ 999-to- $ 1,499 range as the company 's iMac .
But the company now covets younger , trendier consumers , and is incorporating Nike technology in a new shoe line called the G-series Cole Haan .
Several hundred Ford Motor workers of many faiths and jobs -- engineers , designers , computer jockeys , plant foremen -- turned out today for ''An Islamic perspective on the events of Sept .
HSBC is emerging from the shadow of Citigroup .
Weathering a weak advertising market and a Hollywood flop , the News Corporation , the Australian-based media conglomerate , announced yesterday that its earnings fell sharply in the most recent quarter .
Strike by UAW workers at General Motors Corp parts factory in Flint , Mich , shuts down plant ; union members say they are determined to stay on strike until company gives in to their demands for increased staffing ; if strike lasts more than a few days , it could shut down most of the company ( M )
Verizon , which has been selling phone and data lines in the neighborhoods there , says that about 25 percent of the families that can buy the new services are signing up .
''Now that they 've done a deal with Microsoft , that obviously puts them in a much stronger position , '' she said .
Under the terms of the settlement , Apple could recoup part of its payment if Creative succeeded in licensing its patents to other companies .
A former Morgan Stanley employee and her husband pleaded guilty to insider trading charges in Federal District Court in Manhattan yesterday , while another couple was arrested and charged by federal authorities in a separate insider trading case .
The infusion at such companies as Lockheed , Boeing , Northrop Grumman and Raytheon makes it difficult ''to determine where the government stops and the private sector begins , '' the report states .
Yahoo 's new music service will cost about a third of what similar services charge .
For decades , the General Motors Corporation 's Oldsmobile division has seen its sales steadily drop , as its buyers moved from middle age into their retirement years .
Wal-Mart investigators also persuaded the top executives at a major advertising agency , Draft FCB , and its parent company , the Interpublic Group of Companies , to turn over hundreds of confidential e-mail messages , dinner receipts and notes from meetings .
Yahoo now says it expects revenue to be $ 205 million to $ 225 million in the second quarter , compared with analysts ' estimates of $ 192 million .
Apart from the well-publicized challenges on the commercial side , Boeing is also seeking more orders for its F-15 fighter .
Electronic Arts , which is based in Redwood City , Calif. , said its second-quarter revenue was $ 413 million , up 13 percent from a year ago , and considerably ahead of the projections of analysts , who estimated sales of $ 335 million .
But what people outside the company would like to see , he said , is I.B.M .
The complaint also contends that in February so much pressure was brought to bear on Morgan Stanley brokers in one of the firm 's Boston offices that the office reported $ 25,804 in commissions from internal and affiliated funds and only $ 356 from nonaffiliated ones .
A 2003 American Express survey of 803 consumers found that nearly a third of respondents admitted to recycling a gift they had received .
Under Microsoft policy the interview with Mr. Adams was conducted with a company publicist on the line , taking notes on the conversation .
The Ford Motor Company said on Wednesday that its first-quarter earnings more than doubled , in large part because of cost cuts and favorable pricing trends .
Several analysts , including Mr. Johnson , said Cisco executives suggested in their quarterly conference call that business could rebound in the next several quarters , but offered little concrete evidence as to how and why .
Comcast will carry NBA TV channel ( S )
The European Commission ruled in March 2004 that Microsoft had abused its dominant position in the European software market .
A few minutes before an Alaska Airlines jet crashed offshore here on Monday , the crew radioed a company mechanic in Los Angeles that the device that forms most of the horizontal section of the tail was pushing the nose down , and they asked if there was a way to cut power to the device .
The first-screen option for PC makers -- reported over the weekend by News.com , an on-line computer news service -- means the manufacturers will not have to display Microsoft 's ''channel bar '' on the screen users see first when they turn on their computers .
Representatives of about 18 other banks doing business in the city met on Wednesday with Citigroup and New York Community Bank officials , as well as city and state housing and banking officials , to discuss the agreement .
In addition to the $ 10.4 million royalty settlement with Chevron , New Mexico persuaded ConocoPhillips to settle a similar case in August for $ 9.5 million and is negotiating with BP in a third case .
Meanwhile , rivals assembled behind Sun Microsystems as it tried to lift Microsoft 's iron grip on software .
Mr. Quintanilla 's annual rent is $ 2.50 a square foot for the eight years remaining on Wal-Mart 's lease , said Lou Miranda , a senior vice president at United Commercial Realty , a Texas real estate company that has helped Wal-Mart Stores dispose of more than one million square feet of surplus property .
An arrangement with an electronics retailer like Best Buy could help give the company access to popular products it can not sell now .
Earlier this year , Yahoo introduced a computer system that uses complex models to analyze records of what each of its 500 million users do on its site : what they search for , what pages they read , what ads they click on .
Isaac Nassi , a veteran computer researcher , came to Apple seven and a half years ago to direct a research project at an Apple laboratory in Cambridge , Mass .
For this event , the setting was Mr. Ellison 's high-tech four-story pied-a-terre in San Francisco 's luxury Pacific Heights neighborhood , overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge .
Johnson & Johnson also received $ 705 million from Guidant as a breakup fee .
France 's own Competition Council did a similar analysis in 2004 and ruled that Apple 's refusal to share the iTunes codes did not harm consumers .
Interpublic is not required to disclose how much the bonuses totaled .
The San Francisco-based company blamed the California Public Utilities Commission , which lowered its rates and opened the state 's lucrative local toll market to competition from the AT & T Corporation , the MCI Communications Corporation and the Sprint Corporation at the beginning of the year .
Perhaps the strongest validation of the new market for large corporate jets came from Boeing 's biggest rival , Airbus Industrie , which announced last month that it , too , would start selling a modified version of its A319 as a corporate jet .
Kellogg has been particularly hard hit by the trend because it is far more dependent on cereal than its rivals .
''You only made one mistake , '' Mr. Ford told Mr .
The decision by the EMI Group and Time Warner to withdraw a plan to merge their music businesses may open the door to a new partner for EMI .
I.B.M .
''The conduct by Microsoft in the last year repeats many of the things that were a problem here , and indeed do it on a bigger stage with more at stake , '' said Tom Miller , attorney general of Iowa .
But Sears eventually lost the No.1 position to Wal-Mart , which started in smaller towns and then expanded to the suburbs .
Microsoft 's first bug-fixing ''service pack '' will be available this fall .
The move is a shift from the approach International Business Machines described last month when it told analysts that the projected shortfall was $ 4.5 billion and that it would put in roughly $ 1.5 billion a year for three years to close the gap .
Its earnings followed a similar announcement by its close rival Yahoo , which on Oct. 13 reported that it had tripled its profit from the previous year .
Apple Computer added new utility on Tuesday to the device that gave podcasts their name .
VMware plans to share the underlying engine for its virtual machine software with Advanced Micro Devices , Cisco Systems and Red Hat , in addition to I.B.M. , Intel and Hewlett-Packard .
The more serious proposal came in the summer of 1995 , Mr. Barksdale says , when during a meeting with Microsoft executives at Netscape 's offices , one Microsoft executive pulled Mr. Barksdale aside in a hallway and said Mr. Gates wanted to buy a stake of more than 15 percent in Netscape .
An article in Business Day on Monday about plans by the Microsoft Corporation to increase spending for basic research misstated the extent of the planned expansion .
Microsoft tried to outmaneuver Judge Jackson and the Justice Department by filing a part of its appeal with the Court of Appeals last week , before the government had a chance to file its direct-appeal request .
Marsh & McLennan Cos names Grace & Rothschild to handle its first corporate advertising campaign ( S )
Motorola typically files for about 1,000 patents annually .
Long Goodyear Run For Thompson Ends
But as its earnings showed , Wal-Mart still faces a challenging business environment .
As of December , Mr. Buffet owned 7.87 percent of Wells Fargo .
''Vornado has long been one of the REIT world 's favorites , and with good reason , '' said Mike Kirby , a principal of Green Street Advisors , a research firm in Newport Beach , Calif. Total returns have averaged 26 percent for the last 15 years , a record few companies in any industry can match , he said .
Microsoft began a $ 500 million marketing campaign yesterday to stir enthusiasm among corporate customers for its new products and grab business from I.B.M. , its biggest rival in the business technology market .
At Microsoft , Mr. Levin said , he sees ''the opportunity to make an impact '' on what technology millions of people use .
As a result , Standard & Poor 's announcement at midday yesterday that it was cutting its credit ratings for both General Motors and the Ford Motor Company set off a selling spree in the corporate bond market .
Income from Cigna 's Employee Life and Health Benefits segment , which includes a large , old-fashioned indemnity health business , rose 47 percent in 1992 , compared with 13 percent in 1991 .
The two companies have no plans to form a joint venture , but the Nihon Keizai Shimbun said Fujitsu expected its work with Accenture to bring in an additional 200 billion yen ( $ 1.5 billion ) in revenue over the next three years .
Shares of Kodak rose $ 2.50 yesterday , or 3.3 percent , to $ 77.75 .
Mr. Rohatyn , who runs a boutique firm called Rohatyn Associates out of an apartment on Park Avenue , is the first to admit that his role in the Comcast-Disney deal is different .
But late last month Mr. Gates surprised A.T. & T. with a letter saying he had reconsidered and was no longer interested in an exclusive relationship because it would conflict with potential business opportunities that Microsoft saw with the regional Bell telephone companies .
Boeing has also tried to wiggle its way into the strike fighter deal .
Now I.B.M .
In the first half of 1998 , Microsoft said , the Asian crisis might reduce its revenues by $ 300 million from its own internal targets , trimming earnings by up to 15 cents a share over the two quarters , Microsoft executives said in a late-afternoon conference call .
Mr. Linnen of AT & T said many of the victims of slamming were Hispanic and other minorities , who do not speak English well .
And in this case , the billions that Exxon has offered to pay for Mobil 's oilfields , refineries and other assets , based on the value recorded on Mobil 's balance sheet , simply disappears .
Microsoft says , however , that it is working with Google , Yahoo and other search sites , which it will add to the options soon after the introduction .
In the past year , Vornado shares have soared to more than $ 61 , from a low of $ 37.125 .
''It 's a system of having two classes of people and instilling fear and inferiority and loathing , '' said Rebecca Hughes , who worked for three years as a temp at Microsoft , helping edit its CD-ROM on health care .
When Morgan Stanley announced a later adjustment that could lift Singapore 's weighting , Singapore bounced back .
General Motors has been gradually pushing Delphi out of the corporate nest for the last several years with a goal of moving it from G.M .
Shares of Pfizer rose 55 cents , to $ 29.19 , while Pharmacia rose $ 1 , to $ 40.55 .
A Richer Mix of Chips Helps Intel Exceed Expected Profit
Frederick W. Searby , at J. P. Morgan , described Interpublic as ''a work in progress with significant restructuring still to be done . ''
''Most people know someone who has bought from Amazon.com and had nothing bad happen to them , '' said Vernon Keenan , an analyst with Keenan Vision in San Francisco .
Morgan Stanley declined to comment .
This time , Microsoft has not yet said whether it will object to Mr. Lessig .
Up to now , Yahoo 's great asset , as it turns out , has also been its biggest problem -- the sheer sprawl of its content , much of it available to users free .
''The technical issues raised in those letters had either been resolved or were on the way to being resolved , '' Jeffrey J. Leebaw , a spokesman for Johnson & Johnson , said .
The Microsoft Corporation quit the nation 's oldest and largest software industry trade association yesterday after a long-running dispute over the group 's support for the government in the Microsoft antitrust case .
for its use of the Power technology and will split revenue with I.B.M .
Still , if Microsoft has abandoned its ambitions to be a media company , it is not clear what other ambitions the company has shelved .
But sales of Office , Microsoft 's flagship program for business PC users , were soft , increasing only 2.5 percent , to $ 2.91 billion .
A small business related to reality television is again the subject of a national campaign for the Open Small Business Network division of the American Express Company .
As part of the deal , Applied Materials will receive patents , equipment and about 100 employees from Schlumberger Semiconductor Solutions , a division of Schlumberger Ltd. Shares of Applied Materials rose $ 1.30 , to $ 40.06 , while shares of Schlumberger fell $ 1.18 , to $ 46.30 .
Shubert Organization president Philip J Smith announces multi-year , multimillion-dollar deal with General Motors to rename historic Winter Garden Theater Cadillac Winter Garden ( M )
Mr. Putin assured Mr. Mulva that ConocoPhillips could ''count on his support . ''
Scott Flanders , chief executive of Columbia House , which is owned 50-50 by the Sony Corporation and Time Warner Inc. , said he did not dispute Mr. Olim 's analysis .
But Mr. Jones of Microsoft said his company had been the target of two Year 2000 suits to date , and both had been dismissed .
''Our resolve to invest aggressively during the downturn is paying off with double-digit revenue growth , '' said Craig R. Barrett , Intel 's chief executive .
Kodak announced that it would give each of its 90,000 nonmanagement employees a one-time grant of options to buy 100 shares of Kodak stock , priced at the average price on April 2 .
But within three days a new version of the code-breaking program was circulating , sending Microsoft 's programmers back to the drawing board .
AOL Time Warner shareholders should n't be looking for an apology from Steve Case .
Prince started almost from scratch when they assumed control of Commercial Credit , a down-on-its-luck consumer finance company that eventually became Citigroup .
Article on decline of British auto industry in wake of Ford Motor Co 's acquisition of Rover Group PLC from BMW AG and Alchemy Partners ' takeover of Rover 's Longbridge plant outside Birmingham in central England ; photo ( M )
U.S. v. MICROSOFT : THE SPIN ; Analogies As Complex And Murky As the Case
Now , Comcast is trying to acquire the assets of both MediaOne and TCI , making itself the No .
Xerox did wring $ 1.1 billion out of its annual costs in 2001 .
Oracle said that for its third fiscal quarter , its current quarter , it expected overall revenue to be equal to or as much as 4 percent higher than the third quarter last year .
Industry watchers estimate Microsoft 's media investments are now between $ 800 million and $ 1.5 billion , embracing everything from giant reference works on CD-ROM to television 's MSNBC cable channel ( on which this writer appears as a commentator ) .
Sponsorship of the San Diego Super Bowl provides another benefit to Royal Caribbean .
In a statement released Saturday , he said that Verizon ''will continue to assess the situation as we move toward a vote by the MCI shareholders . ''
All that is now in the past , Microsoft executives assert .
Windows users can synchronize their contacts and calendar entries with home PCs using the included software , and the phone can open and edit most Microsoft Office documents .
CONSIDER this somewhat strange development : search engines like Google and Yahoo have become so proficient at attracting advertising that even competitors , like newspapers and yellow pages publishers , are now selling ads on their behalf .
Both Mr. Vickery and Ms. Menzies said they were barred from speaking specifically about the Pfizer documents because they were covered by confidentially agreements they signed during civil proceedings .
Instead of trumpeting the service on television , AT & T is going door-to-door with fliers , driving a specially outfitted ice cream truck on neighborhood streets and hosting parties where customers open their homes to their neighbors to show off U-verse .
He noted that Hewlett-Packard was unwilling to do anything to optimize its new PC 's for Intel 's new MMX chip or ''the new audio software Intel is doing using Windows 95 , unless we say so .
''We think it 's absolutely imperative that the next generation of Boeing airplanes be built in the state of Washington , '' Governor Locke said in an interview the day before leading a rally by the runways of Boeing Field , where Boeing has tested many of its planes .
''I am not skeptical at all about the economy-slowing rationale Kodak used , '' he said .
Amgen Prices Colon Cancer Drug 20 % Below ImClone Rival
RJR Nabisco was eventually broken up , with the foreign tobacco business going to Japan Tobacco and the food business ending up in the hands of Kraft , which in turn is controlled by Altria , the parent of Philip Morris , R.J. Reynolds 's archrival in the cigarette business .
Shares of Citigroup fell $ 1.10 yesterday , to close at $ 50.69 a share , while Banacci 's shares rose 29 percent , to 22.58 pesos , or $ 2.51 each .
Dr. Rowe said Aetna had been negotiating with the doctors for more than a year and that a settlement began to seem possible several months ago .
Mr. Lafley , the Procter chief executive , outlined for analysts yesterday the company 's plan to continue to increase sales 4 percent to 6 percent a year , without the benefit of restructuring charges .
microelectronics division in East Fishkill , N.Y. , and an I.B.M .
Yet analysts also note that as Time Warner itself shows signs of slower financial growth , its stockholders may need this deal with the faster-growing AOL under any terms .
Coca-Cola 's roster of agencies could be downsized when a marketing executive leaves .
MBNA was simply looking for an edge in the hotly contested gold-card market , and by exploiting the platinum mystique , it attracted a million customers in three months with an average income of $ 90,000 , the prime targets for both American Express charge cards and credit cards .
But analysts said Adobe needed developers like Digital Technology if it was to meet Quark head on .
The most tangible result may be eventual product integration between Procter and Gillette brands .
Citigroup Is Facing First Law of Megamerger : The Inertia of Mass
Japanese and European car companies roar back into US market this fall by cutting prices and increasing rebates , posing greatest challenge for US companies in several years ; dollar has increased 15.3 percent against German mark and 41 percent against Japanese yen , allowing for lower prices ; graphs ; Japanese are also introducing new models designed to be assembled at lower cost , while luxury European makers are offering less expensive models that compete with Cadillac and Lincoln ; Toyota , Honda , Volkswagen and BMW had sales gains of 13-29 percent in November from year earlier , while sales rose only 1.4 percent for Chrysler and fell 2.2 percent for Ford and 11.8 percent for General Motors ; Ford Taurus is now only barely ahead of Honda Accord and redesigned Toyota Camry ; Japanese companies have 23.8 percent of car-light truck market for this model year , and European makers have 3.6 percent ; three-fifths of Japanese models are now made in US , but have foreign parts that account for ten to seventy percent of manufacturing costs ; Big Three companies , which acknowledge fierce competition , have tended to discount market research , embraced by Japanese companies , indicating Americans feel prices are too high and prefer to spend money on vacations and computers ( M )
Motorola Inc completes investment in Symbian , European joint venture that is developing operating system for future generation of digital wireless phones and is intended to block Microsoft Corp from dominating new consumer communications markets ; Symbian already has backing of two largest European makers of wireless phones -- Nokia of Finland and Ericsson AB of Sweden -- as well as Psion PLC , British maker of hand-held digital devices ; Motorola invests $ 17.1 million in alliance ; Psion is to own 30.7 percent of Symbian , with Ericsson , Motorola and Nokia each owning 23.1 percent ( M )
From Saatchi & Saatchi , Y. & R. Advertising gains the Pepperidge Farm cookies , bread and snack account in America and the flagship Campbell ''red and white '' soup line in Britain .
That market is one that Microsoft has long coveted .
In a statement , the Navy said that it would examine the agreement between General Dynamics and Newport News ''to assess what effect the acquisition would have on the nation 's private shipbuilding industrial base . ''
Article on Whirlpool 's worldwide operations focuses on success of its front-load washing machine factory in Schorndorf , Germany , despite having to high wages to workers ; factory , which employs 2,000 people , is billed as jewel in Whirlpool 's production network -- efficient , partly automated operation whose experienced workers possess 'tribal knowledge ' of their product that pays off in quality and cost saving ; some of expensive front-loading washing machines are being shipped to US , where demand for more efficient front-loaders has increased ; chart ; photos ( M )
Ford Motor , meanwhile , lost $ 5.8 billion , its biggest quarterly loss in 14 years .
''We talk to Wal-Mart all the time , '' said Thomas P. Conley , the association 's president .
Investors have come to expect disappointment from Ford , whose surprising profit report came a day after General Motors backed away from its 2003 earnings goals and showed diminished profitability in its North American automotive operations .
An additional $ 22 million was paid by six former senior executives of Xerox .
Initial information is that Airbus planes do not have similar in-tank wiring , he said , and Boeing 757 's , 777 's and the newest 737 's also do not have such wiring .
AT & T also said it expected to complete the spinoff of Lucent Technologies , its phone-equipment unit , by September .
Amsterdam-based ad agency 180 agrees to sell majority stake to Omnicom Group ; fnancial terms undisclosed ( S )
''Companies that provide funding will receive preferred status with its members and those that do not will have trouble accessing '' the group , the Merck memo stated .
Nike 's Problems Do n't Seem To Be Short Term to Investors
Because Citigroup will offer customers a huge menu of financial services , Mr. Reed and Mr. Weill envision profitable cross-selling .
Now , the reaction to an outside threat is one of calculation as the holders of Microsoft stock study how the Justice Department suit affects their investment .
But the new I.B.M .
Apple Computer reports fiscal fourth-quarter profit of $ 65 million on revenue of $ 1.45 billion , exceeding analysts ' expectations ; cautions that computer sales for holiday season may not meet expectations ( M )
P & O Princess Cruises board recommends that shareholders accept $ 5.3 billion takeover offer from Carnival Corp , essentially ending battle for control of Princess by withdrawing its recommendation for competing offer from Royal Caribbean Cruises ( S )
''Microsoft makes its own rain and makes its own weather system , '' said Eric Schmidt , who was Sun 's chief technology officer before becoming chief executive of Novell Inc. earlier this year .
The News Corporation owns stations affiliated with UPN .
Michael A Carpenter , longtime Citigroup executive who at one time was thought to be contender for bank 's top job , is leaving company by May 1 ; is expected to start venture like private equity or hedge fund ; no successor is named ; photo ( M ) a
Investors bought up shares of Aetna Inc. again yesterday , but the buying spree slowed as it became apparent that rival bidders were unlikely to emerge to challenge the $ 9.9 billion offer announced this week by Aetna .
But at the analysts ' meeting on Tuesday , Mr. McKinnell declared , ''Pfizer research is back . ''
Neil McGlone , a Texas Instruments spokesman in Dallas , said , ''We are talking with a number of partners about building plants . ''
Verizon Wireless said during the problems last year that for every customer who moved to AT & T Wireless , 20 from AT & T Wireless moved to Verizon .
The people involved in the process said that so far Bertelsmann had expressed stronger interest than the News Corporation .
The goal is to compete with the AT & T Corporation , which recently acquired McCaw Cellular Communications , the nation 's biggest single cellular company .
Prince , the company 's former chief legal counsel , to be the new head of Citigroup 's investment bank , Salomon Smith Barney , the focus of most of the investigations .
Both Tiffany and McCann declined to discuss the budget for the spot .
In some ways the campaign is Proustian , offering remembrances of Cokes past , though the trappings are contemporary in keeping with a corporate belief that , as quoted by Mr. Frenette , ''the genius behind Coca-Cola is the fact it 's renewed for each generation . ''
Was Apple once again a seer in the design world , or reading the writing on the wall ?
This is where the new Intel-based Macs can make a difference : because they use the same hardware architecture as Windows-based PC 's , called x86 , the experience of running Windows on a Mac is much improved .
Applied Materials reports loss of $ 45 million in fiscal first quarter ended Jan 27 ; sales fell to $ 1 billion , from $ 2.36 billion year earlier ; graph ( S )
Motorists jam on their brakes at the sight of a Boeing 737 nose section staring out at them , and some residents even questioned Mr. Ford 's intentions in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
The level of service an engagement ring customer can receive in a Tiffany store can not be matched online , he said .
The changes in I.B.M .
''Gap has been missing with key trend items , like cable rib sweaters , paratrooper pants and distressed embroidered denim , '' John D. Morris , a stock analyst at Gerard Kleiner & Mattison , said of the lineup for this fall .
The singling out of Mr. Weill stemmed in part from his efforts to try to influence Mr. Grubman to change his view of AT & T -- a Citigroup client that had Mr. Weill on its board -- to positive from negative .
Merck 's shares , which have fallen about 40 percent since the company withdrew Vioxx , closed yesterday at $ 27.36 , up 2 cents .
Cisco also gained from lower component prices .
''It was a great quarter , '' Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's interim president and chief executive , said in a telephone interview .
Nonetheless , as Mr. Parsons met often in recent weeks with Mr. Noski and Comcast 's president , Brian L. Roberts , AT & T and Comcast did not have all the leverage .
Vodafone already owns 45 percent of Verizon Wireless .
Morgan Stanley is the kind of job that calls for getting in the trenches , forging peace among the enemies and making businesses work .
At 4.1 x 2.5 x 1 inches of plastic and metal , the rectangular Kodak looks big and boxy next to the sleeker , brushed-metal Sony ( 3.8 x 2.4 x .9 ) .
Kodak 's businesses had traditionally been aligned by customer groups and by geographic regions .
The payments came after Interpublic paid no bonuses to any executives for 2002 and minimal bonuses for 2001 .
But people close to the talks said he had told investors that he was not interested in Frontier but preferred U S West , which would give him access to the local subscribers the company needs as it seeks to build a global network .
Other court papers show both the powerful advantage enjoyed by an on-line service if given prime placement on the Windows main screen and the lengths to which Microsoft would go in pushing for more and more of the browser market .
Coca-Cola Co says fourth-quarter earnings fell slightly because of restructuring costs associated with streamlining its North American business ; net income fell 0.3 percent , to $ 927 million from $ 930 million year earlier ; revenue rose 7.9 percent , to $ 5.18 billion from $ 4.8 billion ( M )
Ralph Nader and several of his public interest groups plan national drive against growing power of Microsoft Corp , computer software publisher ; Nader met recently with top Justice Department antitrust division officials , urging action against Microsoft ; plans Washington conference to discuss company 's strategy and influence on software market ( M )
Michael Bair , senior vice president in charge of the 7E7 , said it was Boeing 's Everett site at Paine Field and a skilled work force that convinced he and the board .
After taking office , Mr. Yudhoyono ordered Pertamina to reach a deal with Exxon Mobil and in late June , the two companies signed a memorandum of understanding that settled the issue .
Grupo Iusacell , Mexican wireless telephone company jointly owned by Verizon Communications and Vodafone Group , misses $ 25 million payment on its $ 350 million bond ; pledges to come up with debt restructing plan within 30-day grace period ( S )
Miglia TVMax+ lets Apple 's Mac computer record television shows and share them with iPod and Apple TV ; device is small box that is about size and shape of Apple 's Mac Mini ; it has cable TV tuner built in and allows user to watch , record and pause live TV on computer monitor ; device sells for $ 249 ; photo ( M )
Boeing shares rose 18.75 cents , to $ 43.0625 .
Microsoft has shown no disposition to voluntarily alter its business protocol in any significant respect .
People familiar with the AT & T proposal said that the company estimated that such a system could handle 10 million customers worldwide and that each satellite would have a data-carrying capacity of one billion bits of information a second -- the equivalent of being able to transmit the contents of the Encyclopaedia Britannica every 16 seconds .
Intel Capital 's other two venture funds , the Intel Communications Fund and the Intel 64 Fund , have invested heavily in dozens of companies .
This week , online players are getting their first peek at the game in the form of a test , or beta , version that Microsoft is distributing over its Xbox Live Internet service .
The decision by Bank of America to reconsider Omnicom , as well as take a look at WPP , comes about six weeks after the company and Interpublic completed negotiations on renewing their contract , suggesting some buyer 's remorse on the bank 's part .
Northern Telecom Ltd , North America 's number 2 maker of telephone gear , moves to assert itself in market for Internet communications equipment by agreeing to acquire Bay Networks Inc for $ 9.1 billion in stock ; companies such as Northern Telecom , that have thrived making equipment for traditional telephone systems , have been trying to jump into fast-growing market for equipment that links computers at high speeds ; as maker of such equipment , Bay has had trouble competing with its larger rival , Cisco Systems Inc ( M )
Johnson & Johnson has also enlisted doctors and nurses with experience treating outpatients with Natrecor to give presentations at medical meetings and symposiums .
Meanwhile , plaintiffs in both state and federal courts are already withdrawing some cases , said Theodore V. Maier , a partner at Hughes Hubbard & Reed , the law firm coordinating Merck 's defense .
A Farewell To Citigroup ; Weill Built a Giant , A Deal at a Time
''At the time , we underestimated the reaction we would get '' to the original announcement , said Mr. Schultz , who has steered Starbucks through several Internet rumors , including a summer 2002 Internet hoax in which counterfeit coupons for products were distributed .
Wells Fargo , the Bank of America and other financial institutions are giving their painfully low-tech A.T.M .
Market Place ; AT & T Faces Contradictions In Its Effort to Acquire Lin
The Microsoft system is designed to prohibit Internet users from making illegal copies of movies or songs played in Windows Media 9 or 10 formats .
I.B.M .
Slim receive his money in a few weeks and other MCI shareholders have to wait about a year for regulators to sign off on a Verizon-MCI union ?
Oracle , based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , said it earned $ 765 million , or 14 cents a share , up from $ 540 million , or 10 cents a share , a year ago .
Starbucks has a revenue-sharing agreement with T-Mobile .
Correction : October 11 , 2003 , Saturday A headline in Business Day yesterday about a hotel owner 's accusations of mismanagement by Marriott International misstated the forum in which they were made .
''The Danube Exodus : The Rippling Currents of the River '' is an interactive exhibition created by a Hungarian artist , Peter Forgacs , and a research team at the University of Southern California and features clips of film shot by Andrasovits along with vintage maps and diaries .
On the other hand , if Morgan Stanley pursues a merger with a larger institution like J.P Morgan Chase , James Dimon , 49 , who is credited with turning Bank One around and merging it with J.P. Morgan Chase , might be a logical choice .
Longtime Fuji and Kodak watchers say this type of competition is overdue .
A Merck sales representative said in the document that the $ 25,000 payment to the foundation was needed to ''be competitive with Searle , '' which , had also made such a grant .
On Tuesday , a group of Linux organizations will announce the creation of the Gnome Foundation , which will have the support of I.B.M. , Compaq , Hewlett-Packard , Sun Microsystems and several other major computer vendors .
''The main issue was that it was crucial software that Microsoft did not control , '' said Richard Doherty , president of Envisioneering , a research firm in Seaford , N.Y .
The yen dropped to a five-month low against the dollar after Moody 's Investors Service said it might lower Japan 's credit rating .
Google 's success has forced competitors like Yahoo , MSN Search and Ask Jeeves to hustle with releasing new product features , search controls and improved behind-the-scenes programming .
Meanwhile , results fell at the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , the company 's lending division , which earned $ 605 million in the first quarter , compared with $ 728 million a year ago .
Moody 's Investors Service lowered its ratings on India 's debt and currency , the second time this week that an international rating agency has downgraded its outlook on the country .
Express Scripts survey finds growth in spending on prescription drugs slowed to 11.3 percent in first quarter of 2003 from 16.9 percent in 2002 period ; reports drug prices rose 7.5 percent from 2001 to 2002 ; Express Scripts manages drug plans for 50 million Americans ; each of its members accounted for spending of $ 585.60 , on average , in 2002 ( M )
; Sheer Size Is Causing Delays for Microsoft
With a Sun executive , James A. Gosling , on the stand , a Microsoft lawyer , Tom Burt , introduced internal E-mail in which Sun executives two years ago described meetings with the Netscape Communications Corporation at which it appeared that the two companies were working toward an agreement not to compete in Internet software .
Next sign of how serious Walt Disney Co is about cuts at ABC News division will come during contract talks with anchor Peter Jennings ; question is whether Disney will hold tough line against Jennings , who is said to earn more than $ 10 million per year and sits atop pay scale at ABC News ; his contract is up in midsummer ( M )
And it pays 25 percent of the cost of local print advertisements that publicize their services and extend the reach of the eBay brand name .
But analysts said that was not so much because of the company 's improving financial prospects as it was a reaction to attacks from the investor Carl C. Icahn and the news yesterday that the company will try to mollify Mr. Icahn and other investors by increasing a share buyback to $ 12.5 billion , from the $ 5 billion previously announced .
Barrett Toan , chief executive of Express Scripts , reacting to critics who say that drug-plan managers share responsibility with manufacturers for years of double-digit increases in drug costs paid by health plans and consumers , promised in a letter to customers to promote lower-cost drugs and ''never recommend switching a member to a higher-cost drug . ''
''What can not be tolerated -- and what the antitrust laws forbid , '' Mr. Klein said , ''is the barrage of illegal , anticompetitive practices that Microsoft uses to destroy its rivals and to avoid competition . ''
At Boeing , for instance , orders for its 787 , nicknamed the Dreamliner -- which will not hit the market until 2008 -- are so strong that it is sold out for four years , and the earliest a new customer can get a plane is 2013 .
Competitors like Canon and Ricoh had been making huge inroads into the market for superfast copiers -- a high-margin market that Xerox once dominated -- while Xerox was having little luck unseating anyone in the market for low-end printers .
According to stock analysts and others close to the deal , Astra will pay Merck about $ 1.5 billion up front and $ 12 billion more over 10 years for its 50 percent stake in the venture .
Still , e-commerce technologists pride themselves on their innovative abilities , and Gap 's new features could appear on its rivals ' sites with unsettling speed and perhaps improved reliability , since the e-commerce software vendors have had years to work the bugs out of their systems .
Apple says the 450-MHz G4 chip delivers better performance than a Pentium III chip operating at twice the processor speed .
Outlook Express , the free Microsoft e-mail program included with the Windows operating system , is closely linked to Internet Explorer , the free Web browser that also comes with Windows .
During his tenure at Campbell , which is based in Camden , N.J. , the company 's market value tripled , and it averaged a return of 23 percent a year to shareholders .
William H Gates , Microsoft Corp chairman , in videotaped deposition shown in court , stubbornly debates meaning of words like 'we ' and 'concern ' ; even 'market share ' seems alien to Gates , whose company owns just about all of market in major product categories of personal computer software business ; Government uses Gates tape , third deposition shown in antitrust trial , to attack Microsoft 's defense that it decided to fold Internet browsing software into its Windows operating system to improve its product ( M )
A spokeswoman said the company wanted to highlight the success small sites have using the Amazon honor system , which itself is a tongue-in-cheek way for Amazon to debug technology that it hopes will be used by bigger sites that want to charge money for their information .
Later in the day , Mr. Boies called the problem a minor inconsistency and noted that while Netscape might have been on 24 percent of the new computers , Microsoft 's Web browser was on all of them , since it came included with Windows .
Discussions between Glaxo and Johnson & Johnson have been going on for several months , said Mary Anne Rhyne , a Glaxo spokeswoman .
His investigation might lead to Philip M. Condit , the former Boeing chief executive who resigned suddenly last December in the wake of the Druyun scandal .
A start-up company , TargetSpot , is trying to turn this nascent field into a viable business , and CBS Radio is its first customer .
New York Philharmonic will do series of five live radio broadcasts from Avery Fisher Hall ; Time Warner is underwriting series , which WQXR-FM will carry locally and syndicate nationally ( M ) y
Dick Cheney realized $ 20.6-million profit last month as he cashed in most of stake in Halliburton Company to join George W Bush on Republican presidential ticket ; photo ; sales came before he announced he will forfeit some stock options if ticket is elected , and he did not disclose that he had already sold large part of his Halliburton holdings ( S )
On Oct. 8 , Citigroup estimated that it would report earnings of $ 700 million for the quarter after it suffered hundreds of millions of dollars of trading losses from the slump in financial markets , particularly in Russia and developing counties .
''Microsoft cares deeply about its employees and wants them to be successful financially , even in a tough economic climate , '' Ms. Boren said .
Hours after clearing the final regulatory hurdle , the AT & T Corporation completed its $ 12.6 billion purchase of McCaw Cellular Communications today and formally began an industry-wide race to build a national wireless-communications network .
Analysts said Oracle had met its target of growing at least 50 percent in the sale of applications , which are complex software used by corporations to automate tasks like human resources and sales .
A naturalized United States citizen born in Australia , Mr. Wolfensohn was in the 1970 's the executive deputy chairman at Schroders and an executive partner at Salomon Brothers , both investment banks that are now under the Citigroup umbrella .
Cashing in On the World 's Energy Hunger ; Caterpillar Is Riding High on Demand for Diesel Generators
The software that I.B.M .
Another company , RCN , hopes to lure some high-rise-dwelling Time Warner customers into signing up for a package that includes telephone service , a high-speed Internet connection and cable .
It ruled out AT & T as a bidder , which several analysts said they found odd .
Moody 's had placed Virginia on a downgrade watch list last fall because of the weak economy and projections of budget shortages for years to come .
Four months ago , Coke and Procter announced that they would pool their juices and snacks in a separate company with $ 4 billion in annual sales .
But Wal-Mart says it is not reasonable to ask companies like it to solve the problems of the uninsured and the escalating cost of medical care .
The move to unwind the venture , which was called Network Live , came as its co-founder and chief executive , Kevin Wall , announced that he had struck a new deal to produce live events to be distributed through Microsoft 's online service and , potentially , through products like Xbox .
Two services that rate the creditworthiness of companies -- Moody 's Investors Service and Standard & Poor 's -- have for the first time assigned ratings to the Publicis Groupe , Paris .
The announcement of a successor comes at a time of strength in Nike 's financial performance .
In dual-processor applications the new Apple systems are more than twice as fast as a comparable system from Dell Computer .
In January , AT & T G.I.S .
Both PepsiCo and Coca-Cola have opted to use the sweetener for new colas .
's auto financing arm , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , earned $ 397 million , up from $ 392 million a year earlier .
Intel said it expected that revenue for the current quarter would be about the same as in the final quarter of 1996 and that gross profit margin would be flat to down from the 63 percent recorded in the just-finished quarter .
Time Warner Inc says second-quarter net earnings more than tripled ; company earned $ 101 million in quarter ended June 30 , compared with $ 30 million in year-earlier period ; revenue rose 15 percent , to $ 3.67 billion from $ 3.19 billion ; chart ( M )
The Intel announcement , at this year 's International Solid State Circuits Conference , is the clearest example yet of a shift in technology emphasis in the semiconductor industry -- away from the storage capacity of memory chips and toward pure speed in microprocessors , which are more complex but also much more profitable than memory chips .
American Express Co says its first-quarter earnings will decline about 18 percent from period year earlier , chief because of bigger-than-expected losses on its junk bond investments ; offers fairly gloomy forecast for its corporate charge-card business ( Market Place column ) ( M )
In his E-mail , Mr. Gates did not mention the Government 's antitrust pursuit of the company as being among the challenges faced by Microsoft .
An Amazon spokesman , Bill Curry , rejected contentions in the complaint that the site was aimed at children .
Testifying for the Government , Mr. Colburn also said that his company 's March 1996 contract with Microsoft required that more than 85 percent of all browsers America Online shipped to its members had to be Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
Article on Novell Inc focuses on corporate strategy of new chief Eric Schmidt , who must aim struggling company in new directions while fending off Microsoft Corp 's attacks on its core network software business ; efforts by previous company heads Robert Frankenberg , John Young and Raymond Noorda discussed ; graph ; drawing ; photos ( L )
In a further sign of the struggles of domestic automakers , the Ford Motor Company plans to cut 1,000 white-collar jobs in the United States in the face of falling sales and increased competition .
Intel said it was spending $ 7.5 billion this year on capital investments , including research and development , and Mr. Baron said Intel 's continued commitment suggested that the company was taking the steps necessary to help define the future of processors and of their architecture .
For starters , to beat Microsoft in the unnecessary-L.E.D .
They came up with Broadcast.com , an early version of a Web-based media site , which they eventually sold to Yahoo .
The affidavit said that 866 3rd Next Generation Hotel was also asking a court to permit it to pay Marriott through escrow accounts until it has a clearer picture of the hotel 's finances and how Marriott uses them .
Interpublic also announced that its chief financial officer , Robert Thompson , will be leaving after one year on the job and that a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into its accounting had been widened .
Apple unveiled the first four of its new Internet-based services , called iTools , this month on its redesigned Web site , www.apple.com .
Marriott estimates the acquisition will increase its earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization by $ 75 million to $ 85 million in the first 12 months but it will reduce 1997 fiscal year net income by between 10 and 14 cents a share .
focus on the design and customer service instead of the bits , bytes and bolts of making the box , where I.B.M .
But a percolating fight between the conference and Comcast is evolving into a battle that Keith Jackson , in his rumbling baritone , might call one between two ''big uglies . ''
Clearing the final obstacle to the creation of the world 's biggest media business , the Federal Communications Commission approved tonight the proposed merger of America Online and Time Warner .
Translated into Pricelinese , this approach comes out as the slogan ''Name Your Own Price . ''
Specifically , Microsoft 's contracts now prohibit computer makers from substantially redesigning the appearance of the Windows desktop .
MORGAN STANLEY AND DEAN WITTER AGREE TO MERGE
The Ford Motor Company will replace a commercial for a new Lincoln pickup that it withdrew from Super Bowl XXXIX with a spot for the Ford Mustang .
When Home Depot announced the departure of Mr. Nardelli last week , it also said that three directors -- including one who has been on the board for nearly three decades -- would remain on the board even though they were due to retire this spring after having reached the mandatory retirement age of 72 .
The devil 's advocate panel includes the chief economist of the commission 's competition departments , Damien Neven , along with colleagues in the department who are not involved in the Intel case .
''Sometimes we complicate things in the spirit of making them bigger and better , '' Ms. Bryant of Coca-Cola USA said , ''but this is not some gee-whiz , over-the-top contraption . ''
It is coming like a freight train , in part because companies like the AT & T Corporation , Sprint and the regional Bell telephone companies have spent billions to buy licenses for the services through a Federal auction and are under heavy pressure to start generating sales .
Interpublic is the world 's third-largest advertising services company , behind the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group , owning agencies like Campbell-Ewald , Deutsch , Golin/Harris and McCann Erickson .
Anchor 's Ties to Citigroup Attract Scrutiny
Industry analysts and Electronic Arts pinned big hopes on the game as a growth market and a bellwether of consumer acceptance of online game playing in general .
FORD MOTOR TO CUT 1,000 WHITE-COLLAR JOBS
I.B.M .
A logical move for Wal-Mart would be to offer its own credit card , said analysts who follow the company .
Wall Street seemed to approve as well , and Campbell 's shares closed yesterday at a record high , adjusted for previous stock splits , of $ 85.75 , up $ 1.375 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Time Warner has also been buying back stock to pay for stock options for executives .
Pfizer said that the government had never given it the data from its study , making it hard to notify patients and doctors .
''The megachanges in our business have all occurred in the last five or six years , '' said Brendan Ryan , chairman and chief executive at FCB Worldwide in New York , the global advertising agency owned by True North Communications that works for marketing behemoths like AT & T , Compaq Computer , J. P. Morgan Chase , Merck and Samsung .
But in a study of the records , Dr. Richard Clapp , an epidemiologist at Boston University working for the plaintiffs , concluded that I.B.M .
The Motorola Digital DNA Laboratory will be housed in 5,000 square feet within a new building that is scheduled for occupancy in early 2003 and will be connected to the current M.I.T .
Growing number of large office real estate investment trust companies have sold properties that are not in what they call their core markets ; Trizec Properties sold $ 993.4 million worth of property this year , making it biggest seller among REIT 's ; Equity Office Properties Trust , nation 's second largest office REIT , was second , with sales of $ 705.6 million , and Vornado Realty Trust ranked fifth , with sales of $ 292 million ; photo ( M )
Indeed , when the News Corporation-MCI deal broke , Paul Kagan , whose consulting firm follows the media industry , said : `` The first thing I said when I heard the News Corporation-MCI news was : 'AT & T is not accounted for in these alliances .
Yahoo reported that its user base continued to grow briskly .
At the same time , investors are being told to evaluate Coca-Cola Enterprises on the basis of its return on invested capital .
Philips will also advertise heavily with Time Warner and Turner properties , provide 1,000 video monitors in the arena and create a retail showroom inside the facility , which will open in September , replacing the Omni .
Once Derided For Dinosaur , I.B.M .
Quarterly Profit Rises at EBay ; It Lightens Forecast for 2006
And in a move that is rich with symbolism for the former McDonnell Douglas employees , Boeing said that it would drop the remnant of the acquired company 's name and call the complex the Long Beach division .
At issue in the short term is whether the clone makers ' current contracts with Apple include the latest version of the Macintosh operating system , called OS 8 , which became available late last month .
Rachel Wayne , a company spokeswoman , said yesterday that Mr. Bush 's plan did not change Microsoft 's priorities .
The majority of Microsoft 's customers have yet to convert .
Riggs National Corp , mired in wide-ranging federal probe into possible money laundering and terrorist financing through accounts held at its Riggs Bank subsidiary , plans to sell or exit most of its venerable embassy and international operations ; plans to sell or exit its holdings in Britain , except for one branch in London , shut its operation in Miami , and close any embassy accounts that do not meet new guidelines that limit Riggs ' exposure to countries with high levels of graft or rife with shady banking transactions ; Federal investigators examining Riggs accounts are also scrutinizing accounts at Bank of America Corp for possible money laundering and terrorist financing problems ; Riggs says Joe L Allbritton , former chief executive and biggest shareholder , will not stand for re-election to board ; also missing from list is bank 's president Timothy C Couglin and independent director Sir Christopher Meyer ; Anthony P Terracciano is nominated to board ( M )
In response to Moody 's downgrade , he said that Motorola generated $ 1.1 billion in cash in the recent quarter and now had its strongest balance sheet in 20 years .
Coca-Cola Co announces $ 125 million loss for first quarter ; revenue rose 3 percent , to $ 4.08 billion from $ 3.96 billion in period year earlier ; chief executive Douglas N Daft pledges turnaround ; photo ( M )
Like most buyers of the I.B.M .
Investor concern that Citigroup executives beyond Mr. Grubman played a role in his research reports roiled the market in Citigroup stock yesterday .
Nevertheless , Morgan Stanley is still talking with the commission to try to avoid such a suit , Mr. Outten said .
Microsoft had planned to add 2.1 million square feet over 15 to 20 years , but overcrowding at its headquarters and a heated battle with Google and Yahoo forced the company to step up the pace .
It has a good-size keyboard and a 1.1-gigahertz Pentium M processor that Intel calls ''ultralow voltage '' for less battery drain .
staff questioned whether the benefits were ''clinically meaningful , '' but in Procter & Gamble 's favor , the committee voted by a margin of 14 to 3 that they were .
''Generally , the documents tell a story of the extent to which the Air Force overreached to assist Boeing , '' the staff member said .
AOL and Time Warner have said they remain committed to keeping the cable system open to a limited number of Internet-access companies , but competitors call the terms proposed by the companies so onerous as to shut them out .
Neither would John J. Mack , Morgan Stanley 's former president , whom Mr. Purcell forced out in a 2001 post-merger power struggle .
Ten years ago , Xerox , recognizing that its long distinction as the King of Copiers was a major liability in the digital age , trumpeted a new identity to the world .
Mr. Johndrow suggested that a combined company use Comcast as its corporate name and Disney as the name ''for new branded offerings '' like cable television service , now sold under the Comcast brand .
The PlayStation 2 , which plays DVD 's as well as games , will sell for $ 199 -- the same price as Nintendo 's GameCube , which does not play DVD 's , and $ 100 less than Microsoft 's Xbox .
EBay agreed to place on its site text advertisements sold by Yahoo .
Nike 's stock , which rose more than 10 percent last week on rumors that the famed value investor Warren E. Buffett was increasing his stake , gained $ 1.875 yesterday to close at $ 45 .
Merck & Co 's directors open independent investigation into whether company acted properly regarding Vioxx , which was withdrawn from market in September ; William G Bowen , president of Mellon Foundation , will lead committee , which has hired law firm Debevoise & Plimpton to conduct review ; Merck chief executive Raymond V Gilmartin says company 's management will cooperate fully with review ( M )
When Wal-Mart Stores announced late last month that it had hired the Fingerhut Companies to process orders and handle distribution on the Internet , it sent a delicious little jolt through the retail industry .
I was drawn to the company because the Nike brand perpetually stays current . ''
''The antitrust laws are not a code of civility in business , '' said John Warden , Microsoft 's lead lawyer .
Wal-Mart is looking for an agency or agencies that can provide ''great creativity and an understanding of the customer , '' said Gail Lavielle , a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart in Bentonville , Ark .
''To justify such a higher bid , they 're going to have to make more people redundant than Merck , '' he said , referring to job cuts .
General Motors has by far the biggest company pension plan in the United States , having promised to pay benefits worth $ 89 billion to its current and future retirees as of the end of 2004 .
Mr. Frankston said that early on , Mr. Ozzie won the respect of Microsoft executives with his technical achievements .
He noted that AT & T 's telecommunications business had increasingly come to resemble segments of the computer business .
It was back in 1984 that General Motors , which was then trying to diversify into businesses other than cars , came up with tracking stock .
Microsoft Corp is expected to introduce technology called MS Audio 4.0 to replace MP3 file format , system of digital compression that lets music fans convert songs and other audio into computer files quickly and without restrictions ; Microsoft product is faster and more powerful than MP3 and has built-in safeguards to deter unauthorized copying , but large record companies are still wary ; they do not like way Microsoft has tried to deal with them on MS Audio 4.0 , they worry that security system will not meet their needs , and they do not like fact that Windows Media Player can play MP3 files ; more to point , they do not want Microsoft in their business ( M )
In an interview on Sunday , Mr. Reed described Citigroup 's corporate business as ''in a class of our own , '' compared with robust rivals like Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , Merrill Lynch and Goldman , Sachs .
Behind the scenes , however , the real test of Mr. Amelio 's skills as a turnaround artist will be determined by whether he is able to discipline Apple 's historically unruly culture .
Whatever the outcome , Boeing 's emergence as America 's sole aircraft maker will undoubtedly heighten the tensions with Europe .
In court filings , Kensington and Springfield assert that two consultants appointed to advise the court in managing the Owens Corning bankruptcy have for 22 months also represented people holding future asbestos claims against G-I Holdings , another company in bankruptcy proceedings as a result of asbestos .
Unlike CVS or Walgreen , which rely on prescription sales for most of their revenues , Wal-Mart 's pharmacy business represents less than 10 percent of its total revenue and the company has identified it as an area that needs improvement .
I.B.M .
''What we 've learned from the Internet and Linux is that things move faster and you get more innovation , the more you open technology up to a wider community , '' William Zeitler , senior vice president for I.B.M .
Yahoo , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , said that earnings in the last quarter of 1998 jumped to $ 25.04 million , or 21 cents a diluted share , excluding one-time charges -- more than 10 times the $ 1.91 million , or 2 cents a share , a year earlier , and well ahead of the 16 cents analysts surveyed by the First Call Corporation had estimated .
The partnership owns most of the Time Warner cable systems , the Home Box Office and Cinemax cable channels and the WB network .
Analysts said Intel had invested more than $ 1 billion in the project , a figure Intel declined to confirm or deny .
He had earlier worked in the optical networking division of Cisco Systems .
''We never really put the Honeywell and Allied organizations together , and then everyone got distracted by the G.E .
* Nick Bishop , executive vice president and managing director at McCann-Erickson/A & L , was named to the new post of vice president for consumer connections at the marketing division of the Coca-Cola Company , Atlanta , responsible for overall creative strategy development as well as incorporating strategy with local markets .
Greg Joswiak , Apple 's vice president for worldwide iPod marketing , agreed .
Viacom explored acquiring MySpace and IGN , large game-oriented networks of Web sites ; both were bought last year by the News Corporation .
Apple Computer , saying it has been buoyed by strong sales to schools and students , reported today results for its fourth quarter that exceeded analysts ' expectations .
In one posting , Mr. Scott talked about how proud he was about Wal-Mart 's response to Hurricane Katrina , when it rushed urgent supplies to the Gulf Coast .
Microsoft is also facing a growing open-source communications software market .
Oracle chairman Lawrence J Ellison to introduce at Comdex computer trade show , Las Vegas , Nev , new version of data base program that would do away with operating system almost entirely on powerful computers known as servers that act as control centers of large computer networks ; will introduce server appliance computer industry executives say might prove more difficult for rival Microsoft Corp to defuse than Oracle 's earlier network computer ; graph of market share in relational data bases field ; photo of highly wired bus Ziff-Davis staffers are driving to convention ( M )
The partners recruited by Glamour for the foursome are : the Coca-Cola USA division of the Coca-Cola Company , which will be pitching its Diet Coke soft-drink brand ; Target , the discount retail chain operated by the Dayton Hudson Corporation , which peddles Diet Coke and Glamour at its 751 stores , and NBC , part of the General Electric Company .
American Express surprised investors yesterday by saying that it would eliminate as many as 5,000 jobs and take more than $ 1 billion in charges against its earnings by the end of this quarter .
Ford Motor Co and Mitsubishi Motor Co dealers make changes on their advertising accounts ; specifics noted ( S )
But the sponsor of the two programs , Procter & Gamble Company of Cincinnati , has dropped out of its deal with Hudson River Studios , according to Philip Dixson , the managing director of Televest daytime programs , the production agency for the soap manufacturer .
I.B.M .
I.B.M .
The most common way for entrepreneurs and venture investors to achieve financial success has been to sell start-ups to giants like Guidant and Johnson & Johnson .
Express Scripts manages $ 10 billion a year in drug spending for its clients , which include Bethlehem Steel and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Missouri .
SBC Communications Inc agrees to acquire cellular telephone operations of Comcast Corp for $ 400 million in cash and $ 1.27 billion in assumed debt ; deal is part of continuing consolidation of cellular telephone industry ( M )
Coca-Cola becomes the ''official '' beverage company of the Tiger Woods Foundation and will sponsor two major foundation events this year : a series of junior golf clinics in local markets across the country and a charity concert tentatively titled ''Tiger Jam . ''
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Verizon Wireless To Offer Auto Services
Its 10-member board meets at a local pancake house and has been dominated by the group of local agribusiness magnates who financed Micron through its lean , early years in the 1980 's .
The telecommunications industry took another step in its consolidation yesterday as the Justice Department approved the sale of AT & T to SBC Communications and the sale of MCI to Verizon Communications , but more hurdles must still be cleared .
''This will be a tremendous opportunity for us , '' said Kenneth I. Chenault , chief executive of American Express .
Some organic food advocates applaud the development , saying Wal-Mart 's efforts will help expand the amount of land that is farmed organically and the quantities of organic food available to the public .
If that bears out , the main beneficiaries will be Hasbro , which has action figures , games and stuffed Monsters , and Thinkway Toys , which has electronic Monster toys .
So far this year , Moody 's has upgraded the ratings of 221 companies , compared with 146 companies downgraded .
Coca-Cola and many other employers are allowing employees who do not have checking accounts to have their wages transferred to plastic cards that work like debit cards , which they can use to obtain money at automated teller machines and , in many cases , shop wherever Visa or MasterCard is accepted ; paperless payrolls mean savings for businesses , which also receive portion of transaction fees that merchants who accept cards must pay Citibank and MasterCard , and convenience for employees , who would otherwise have to visit payroll and then check-cashing services , which often charge 2.5 percent of each check as commission ; photo ( M )
Some Consolidation By General Mills
AT & T Picked to Build Bell Atlantic 's Network
The new operating system is one part of a broader strategy that leans on the company 's mainstay -- the personal computer business -- but reaches for the technology to build and deliver a range of new Internet services for consumers and corporations that Microsoft sees as the future of computing .
Intel said it expected that the current investigation would come to a similar conclusion .
I.B.M .
( The consumer operation will also legally belong to AT & T but will trade as a separate stock . )
Microsoft reported solid quarterly gains in revenue and operating income yesterday , providing further evidence of increased demand for personal computers in both the consumer and corporate markets .
At the time , Apple said it was examining a grant made to Mr. Jobs that may have been improper .
''It 's a good bet that Merced will mean a rather drastic change , '' said John Wharton , a former Intel microprocessor designer who is now an independent chip designer and who moderated a panel at Stanford University on Monday attended by some 500 of Silicon Valley 's leading engineers .
Goldman took eBay public in 1998 and Yahoo public in 1996 .
About 8,100 Kodak employees in the United States , Mexico , Germany and China will be transferred to it .
Morgan Stanley Earnings Rise Above Expectations
His appointment is the latest of several executive changes meant to prepare Biogen for the transition to an operating pharmaceuticals company .
The deal provides for Mr. Wynn and the ''Avenue Q '' producers to co-produce the show , which will probably play 10 shows a week in Las Vegas , as opposed to eight on Broadway .
Under Jacques Nasser , Ford 's chief executive since the beginning of 1999 , Ford has gradually flattened the top tiers of its management , allowing some executive vice presidents and group vice presidents to retire while giving their responsibilities to vice presidents .
Appealing to the new , usually younger , audience is important for CBS Radio .
An article in the company 's Knowledge Base has more information on activating Office software ( support.microsoft.com/kb/828958 ) and there is general information about Microsoft activation policies at www.microsoft.com/piracy/activation -- faq.mspx .
Verizon Wireless to offer new hybrid cellphone and hand-held computer powered by Microsoft operating system ; device , made by Audiovox , runs on Intel microprocessor ; photo ( M )
The spokesman for the News Corporation also did not return calls seeking comment on whether his company would have an interest in a partnership with TheStreet .
McDonald 's spent an estimated £10 million on the trial .
Instead , Intel discovered that gains in processing speed came at the price of greater power consumption and heat , forcing it to rethink its design approach and find other ways to achieve performance .
General Motors brought the issue to the fore last month , when Rick Wagoner , the company 's chief executive , warned that ''the health care crisis is putting our future at stake . ''
Oracle executives said that without the effect of the strong dollar , database sales grew 9 percent .
The company intends to appeal the decision to a larger panel of Ninth Circuit judges in the next two weeks , said Dan Leach , a Microsoft spokesman .
Mr. Mandl , a gregarious and confident decision maker , has achieved great influence within A.T. & T. over the last two years .
''What we 're doing is rounding out our banking model by going into a business that has tremendous synergy with what we do , '' said Richard D. Fairbank , the chief executive of Capital One , in an interview .
Express Scripts can immediately tell the pharmacist if the customer has insurance and how much of a co-payment to charge .
In at least once case , the National Labor Relations Board found that Comcast violated federal labor rules .
The computer , built by the International Business Machines Corporation , uses 5,800 processor chips , each slightly more powerful than the widely sold Pentium II chip made by the Intel Corporation , said people involved in its development .
Growing number of hotels , including Marriott International , Hilton Hotels , Westin Hotels and Loews Hotels , are offering guests boxed lunches as alternative to fast food and airline fare ; Icelandair is offering round-trip ticket to Luxembourg for $ 499 from Kennedy International Airport , Baltimore/Washington International Airport and Logan International Airport in Boston ; business travelers headed to Western US can collect double mileage rewards on Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines through May 22 ( Business Travel column ) ( L )
''The recession has begun , '' Stuart Hoffman , the chief economist of the PNC Financial Services Group in Pittsburgh , declared .
New products , like McDonald 's premium salads topped with hot chicken and Newman 's Own salad dressing , will play a big role in efforts to attract consumers who are have special concerns about health issues in their diet .
The report , released Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission , said about 69 million people subscribed to television service through a cable operator like the Comcast Corporation or the Cablevision Systems Corporation .
Evan Greenberg is leaving as president and chief operating officer of American International Group , where he was heir apparent to his father , Maurice R Greenberg , chairman and chief executive ; Maurice Greenberg repeatedly defended Evan as best choice as successor even amid lingering speculation that his eldest son , Jeffrey , might be the better choice ; announcement stuns Wall Street and sets off speculation about whether Evan quit or was fired , and whether Greenberg might have be maneuvering to buy Marsh & McLennan Companies as a way of bringing Jeffrey , its chief executive , back into the fold ; photos ( M )
Goldman Sachs estimates that housing contributed one percentage point to economic growth each year from 2003 to 2005 , and it will subtract an equal or slightly greater amount in the coming year .
After July 1 , Verizon will match every dollar managers contribute to their 401 ( k ) up to 6 percent of their salary .
Ever on the lookout for top-selling toys to add to their mix , industry giants like Mattel and Hasbro are increasingly looking not so much to their own workshops but to their smaller rivals .
Yet antitrust experts say that the steepest uphill climb for Microsoft on appeal will be to overturn Judge Jackson 's determination that the company engaged in an array of illegal acts to protect its monopoly , wielding its market power like a club to bully industry partners and rivals .
Microsoft estimates that under its new pricing system , half of its institutional customers will pay about the same as before , roughly 30 percent will pay less , and 20 percent will pay more .
Consumers will be able to obtain relatively inexpensive health insurance policies with high deductibles combined with savings accounts under new Medicare law ; contributions in accounts will be tax deductible , money will accumulate year after year tax free , and it can be withdrawn to pay variety of medical expenses ; UnitedHealthGroup bought Golden Rule Insurance Co , pioneer in selling medical savings accounts , only days before bill passed ; Aetna , which already has 45,000 members in high-deductible health plans that include savings accounts , introduces plan to add 100,000 more members under law ( M )
Under the deal , which is subject to regulatory and shareholder approval , holders of Tyco common stock and series C preferred shares will receive Mattel stock equivalent to $ 12.50 for each Tyco share , in a tax-free transaction .
But while Mr. Gerstner took obvious pleasure in reviewing I.B.M .
Crew ( where summer-weight favorite frayed chinos , $ 68 , come in many colors ) and the Gap ( where the $ 48 original khakis were n't much more expensive than the ones the company satisfied my chinos habit with in the old days ) .
Mr. Johnson , who lives in Bentonville , Ark. , where Wal-Mart has its headquarters , said he felt no pressure to join the group nor has any Wal-Mart executive spoken to him about Working Families for Wal-Mart .
Compared with its genetically modified soybean and corn , alfalfa is not yet a big product for Monsanto .
Cisco , which relies on other manufacturers to assemble its products , lifted profitability by consolidating its orders with fewer of them and shipping more than 90 percent of what it sold straight from those manufacturers to its customers .
U.S. Is Suing Wal-Mart Over Injury Reports
Mr. Levin , whose son , Jonathan , was slain in May , said that he viewed Time Warner as a family and wanted the support of his colleagues at the meeting .
''Auctions could ultimately be very important for Amazon because they are a much higher-margin business than selling books , '' said Henry Blodget , an analyst for Merrill Lynch & Company .
Apple squandered the incredible head start that the Mac OS had over Microsoft 's DOS and Windows operating system .
Kevin Callahan , an analyst at Century Funds in Boston , called the hiring of Ms. Miller a positive development because of her experience , ''notwithstanding that she went to Priceline and that did not work out . ''
Microsoft reported its quarterly financial results after the close of the stock market .
The FedEx Corporation announced today that it planned to replace 30,000 of its delivery trucks with energy-saving , environmentally friendly hybrid-powered vehicles .
That group fills the gap between the very wealthy customers Morgan Stanley catered to before it merged with Dean Witter five years ago and the mass-market clientele that Dean Witter attracted .
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission is reviewing hiring and pay data from Morgan Stanley , after a bond saleswoman at the firm claimed that she was denied a promotion because of her sex .
Known as the Be OS , it is an operating system developed by the former Apple technologist Jean-Louis Gassee , which boasts several advanced features and which Apple itself had considered licensing .
''The Windy City lived up to its name , welcoming Boeing with gusty days , rain and some snow flurries . ''
Donald J. Nolan , a Chicago lawyer , has filed a lawsuit on behalf of a passenger 's family against T.W.A. , Boeing and Hydro-Aire , a Burbank , Calif. , manufacturer of the fuel pumps on the shattered jumbo jet .
Judge Jackson is expected to approve the essence of the plan by the Justice Department and states suing Microsoft to break the company in two and restrict its corporate behavior .
A spokesman for Allstate , Michael J. Trevino , said the company disagreed with the commission 's finding .
Microsoft spent the first dozen years of Office 's life piling on new features .
Although Comcast 's public shareholders will own about 39 percent of AT & T Comcast , as a group they will have only about 1 percent of the vote .
But there is also concern about Microsoft 's linking of the opening screen in Windows to Internet sites and services that are owned either by Microsoft or by companies that pay Microsoft fees for this blue-chip real estate .
Citigroup 's shares have risen more than 9 percent this year .
Mobil 's marketing ability -- it popularized the self-service gas station -- fit well with Exxon 's huge and efficient product volumes .
In a demonstration , Mr. Mehdi showed some of the work being done by a group exploring the future of advertising in Microsoft 's research labs .
Analysts say Intel is trying to get a jump on its biggest competitors , like Advanced Micro Devices , which has research and other facilities here but not a major chip production plant .
Lipitor is the main reason Pfizer refuses to walk away .
But not all of Wal-Mart 's investigations involve money , or even high-stakes business matters , prompting employees to protest that the company 's investigative arm is , at times , used to intimidate employees who question authority or raise issues their bosses wish to remain secret .
Analysts questioned whether American Express would be willing to reduce its fees to match those of MasterCard and Visa , or alternatively , to provide a significant portion of its larger fees to banks it might affiliate with .
's own -- seemed to be removing Sun machines when the I.B.M .
John F. Smith Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of General Motors announced today that he would hand his chief executive title and day-to-day responsibility for running the company , the world 's largest automaker , to G. Richard Wagoner Jr. , 46 , the president and chief operating officer , starting in June .
Mr. Anderson , though , said that the debt was reasonable , and that Campbell ''wanted to make sure that the new company would not take on too much . ''
sting operation and charged with trying to steal I.B.M .
( The individual companies spun out of Altria may still support the arts , but they are not expected to do so at the same level . )
''We 're treating this as a Boeing internal issue , '' said Col. Jay DeFrank , an Air Force spokesman , ''and we 've seen no ramification at this time that would affect the decision to lift the sanctions . ''
Peter H Gleick letter finds it unsurprising that Coca-Cola and PepsiCo want to discourage people from drinking tap water , which , ironically , is what both companies use in their bottled waters ( S )
Nike 's Asian Factories Pass Young 's Muster
''We are much more conservative than we need to be '' in using information about site visitors , said Usama Fayyad , chief data officer at Yahoo .
Under James P. Gorman , the former retail chief of Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley has fired underperforming brokers and replaced them with more productive financial advisers .
That happened most recently in May , when General Motors consolidated the responsibilities for its media planning and buying assignments in the United States at an agency owned by another Interpublic competitor , the Publicis Groupe , after a review that pitted the Publicis agency against two owned by Interpublic .
It has been two years since the Microsoft Corporation set up this satellite campus a half-mile from the corporate headquarters where the company churns out its ubiquitous , utilitarian Windows operating system and productivity programs like the Excel spreadsheet .
Verizon was expected to pay Ms. Stefani the cash portion of its sponsorship agreement , said to be around $ 2 million , but will not continue its advertising and other promotions related to the tour , which may have carried an even higher value .
In sponsoring ''Meet the Lucky Ones , '' which unfolded over the course of five weekly episodes like a TV series , Mercury is following other marketers like Amazon.com , American Express , BMW , Dr. Martens footwear and a Ford Motor sibling , Jaguar .
Microsoft 's role is to provide much of the software that can deliver such levels of customization , and a large audience of potential customers through its Web site .
EVEN Apple acknowledges that there is one place its popular iPod music players ca n't easily go : for a ride in an automobile .
''Xerox would n't be the first company to low-ball earnings guidance in order to look good , '' he said .
A Microsoft spokesman confirmed their authenticity , but would not comment on their substance .
Ford 's step seems a vote of confidence in Microsoft 's technology and in its intentions .
''Water is a growth driver for as long and far as the eye can see , '' said Deane M. Dray , who follows many water companies for Goldman Sachs .
Recently completed mission of space shuttle Endeavour was first in which crew members could routinely send and receive E-mail , using notebook computers and 'smart modems ' developed by NASA and software largely supplied by Microsoft Corp ; astronauts sent 620 messages , most of them personal ( M )
Mr. Sherlund said the test would come in the fourth quarter , which tends to be Oracle 's strongest .
While Exxon Mobil 's size is its great strength , according to most analysts , it is potentially its most obvious weakness , some dissenting voices say .
In announcing the deal , A.T. & T. said it expected its earnings per share to be diluted by about 10 percent in 1994 , but it said it would still be able to show higher profits .
Mark Husson , an analyst with HSBC , said he was surprised by the merger announcement because Whole Foods has always looked down its nose at Wild Oats .
704 computing system in 1956 , not the I.B.M .
He said that the company wanted the voting shares because News Corporation was its second- or third-largest holding and ''it is not bad to have some voting shares . ''
''Microsoft depresses our stock price because we 're perceived as being in its cross hairs , '' explained Peter Currie , an executive vice president for Netscape .
''Based on what they 've given us , '' one official said , ''Microsoft still seems to have a very different sense of this case than we do . ''
IRS says Americans in far greater numbers than believed are evading taxes by secretly depositing money in tax havens like Cayman Islands and withdrawing it using American Express , MasterCard and Visa cards ; estimates one to two million Americans may be using such accounts , basing figures on records obtained by summons from MasterCard of 230,000 bank accounts in three tax-haven countries ; reportedly identifies hundreds of income tax cheats , most believed to have incomes that would put them among top 1 percent of taxpayers ; offshore accounts would be of little use to people whose wages are reported to agency by employers , but others who control what is reported could use them to hide income ; are popular among number of financial institutions that provide services to affluent individuals ( M )
On Jan. 1 , Mr. Liu 's company , Phoenix Satellite Television , started the first 24-hour Chinese-language news channel , beamed from Hong Kong into mainland China by satellite .
''The majority test would seem to permit Microsoft to 'integrate ' word-processing programs , spreadsheets , financial-management software and virtually any now-separate software product into its operating system by identifying some minimal synergy associated with such 'integration , ' '' Judge Wald wrote .
He then went on to attack Merck and its former chief executive , Raymond V. Gilmartin , who resigned under pressure in May .
''Microsoft is trying to use its Windows operating-system dominance to leverage itself into a dominant position in another market , '' said Kevin Arquit , a partner in the law firm Rogers & Wells and a former Federal Trade Commission official , who is a consultant to a Microsoft rival , Sun Microsystems .
Arts , Briefly column ; Time Warner is financing new three-year program under which John F Kennedy Center in Washington and New York City 's Department of Cultural Affairs will help New York City arts organizations build up their planning , financial management , fund-raising and marketing skills ( S )
But Christopher Dixon , an analyst at UBS Warburg , said any edge Time Warner and AOL gained through Internet marketing would be eroded by alliances being formed by rivals .
Mr. Donahoe wants to streamline that process , making it easier for , say , fans of the New York Mets pitcher Pedro Martinez to put eBay and Shopping.com listings of Martinez-related items right on their Web pages .
Judge Says Ruling on Microsoft Wo n't Come Quickly
Morgan Stanley pays its brokers more for the sale of its proprietary funds and for 14 other nonproprietary fund partners , than it does for selling nonproprietary funds . ''
By adding two high-flying technology companies , the Microsoft Corporation and the Intel Corporation , the editors of The Wall Street Journal , who determine the index 's components , made it likely that the Dow will be more volatile than it has been .
It 's been variously referred to as hick , redneck , Nascar or Wal-Mart comedy .
SBC Communications says Yahoo will produce browsers for cellphones , televisions and other devices that deliver SBC services ( S )
As the rebel movement went suburban , Gap had leather jackets .
Changing the point from where a statue is viewed changes the meaning of many sculptures , and the type of imaging that I.B.M .
Last year , the directors of the Occidental Petroleum Corporation acknowledged that the employment contract of their chairman and chief executive , Ray R. Irani , needed an overhaul .
But despite Mr. Chernin 's skills and Fox 's in-house pool of gag writers , the News Corporation has turned to Mr. Katz as well .
Warming to his theme of I.B.M .
During the six-week trial , defense lawyers repeatedly told jurors that Mr. Sihpol was an inexperienced junior employee and that other executives at Bank of America had to have been aware of the improper trading arrangements .
( I.B.M .
It also cited five ways in which the Air Force would have violated federal statutes if the Boeing-Air Force deal had not been halted last year .
Indeed , Hughes and its parent , General Motors , privately spurned a buyout offer weeks earlier from EchoStar over worries that antitrust officials would block the deal , according to executives involved in the talks .
A tour of Web sites run by bartenders and other beverage fanciers turns up ''vanilla coke '' drinks ranging from soda fountain favorites blending Coke with vanilla ice cream or extract to cocktails that put vodka or Southern Comfort into the mix .
All those sections would ultimately come together in an assembly project resulting in 800 to 1,200 jobs , a fraction of the 40,000 jobs Boeing has eliminated in the United States this year in the wake of slumping industry traffic and deep losses since the terrorist attacks of September 2001 .
For its part , Time Warner at midnight began running a headline that said ''Disney Has Taken ABC Away From You . ''
Majority on Food and Drug Administration advisory panel agrees that doctors should be told of results if they found that blood pressure drug Cardura sold by Pfizer Inc is less effective than cheaper generic drug , which is diuretic ; panel says agency should wait to inform doctors until agency has more information from study ( M )
Merck , which has been reeling since it withdrew its arthritis treatment Vioxx from market Sept 30 , adopts plan that could give its top executives big bonuses if company is taken over ; says in federal securities filing that its board decided to give top 230 managers opportunity for one-time payment of up to three years of salary and bonus if another company buys Merck or over 20 percent of its shares ; says any executive who is fired or resigns for good cause would receive payment ; plan is seen as formal acknowledgment that Merck is now so weakened that it may be vulnerable to takeover ; experts on corporate governance consider plan to be particularly ill timed ; say board is rewarding executives for company 's problems with Vioxx and its inability to bring new drugs to market ; analysts say plan 's probable cost of hundreds of millions of dollars would not discourage other drug companies from considering takeover ; say most likely suiters are GlaxoSmithKline and Novartis ; even though Merck 's share prices declined 40 percent since Vioxx withdrawal , company has market value of $ 61 billion , figure that dwarfs potential payments to executives ; photo ( M )
Verizon Wireless is a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone .
Indeed , much of Microsoft 's motivation to do such a deal is to head off a threat it sees from Google .
But there was speculation last week that Frontier 's directors would decide at yesterday 's regular meeting whether Qwest 's recently revised offer was attractive enough for the company to discuss a merger with Qwest .
General Motors Corp officials express doubts about achieving their goal of capturing 29 percent of US market for new cars this year despite relentless campaign of incentives ; blame Korean and Japanese auto companies , saying they have gained unfair advantage through devalued currencies and marketing actions ; Autodata says GM held 28.2 percent of car and light truck sales in US through September , up about one-tenth of percentage point from 2001 ; GM announces tghat group vice president William J Lovejoy will retire on Dec 31 and will be succeeded by vice president John F Smith ; Lovejoy says GM 's biggest problem is competing with Korean manufacturers , particularly Hyundai Motor Corp ; Hyundai chief executive Finbarr O'Neill says he is surprised that GM is concerned about his company ; photo ( M )
In the latest quarter , analysts said , Intel was faced with supply constraints and effectively shifted production to higher-performance chips from those that Gateway wanted .
Companies are taking harder look at their disaster recovery plans in light of Aug 14 power failure that stretched from Northeast to Midwest ; Sungard Availability Services Jim Simmons says many companies that tried to manage their own disaster recovery plans fround that backup sit they created was still within blackout area ; many companies are looking to services like Sungard and IBM to handle their computer systems ; they can create disaster-hardened backup offices ready to go on short notice and linked directly to their computer networks in ways that ensure against any loss of important information and little , if any , interruption of business transactions ( M )
Halliburton Co -- which disclosed that it is under investigation by Securities and Exchange Commission for change of its accounting practices in 1998 , while Vice Pres Dick Cheney was its chief executive -- adopted more aggressive policies last year about recording sales and postponing potential losses ; Halliburton says it views accounting change as proper and that it will cooperate investigation ; says it believes inquiry was prompted by May 22 article in New York Times disclosing 1998 change ( M )
The deal would allow Kodak to shed its strategically unimportant and marginally profitable Office Imaging business while making Danka a much larger player in an industry that has been consolidating .
Coca-Cola Reaches a Settlement With Some Workers in Bias Suit
Article on eBay , which opened its eBay Stores in 2001 ; commissions and fees from nonauction sales on eBay have become significant part of company 's revenue , with nearly 30 percent of gross merchandise volume exchanged at fixed price ; photo ( Special section , Retail ) ( M )
Morgan Stanley is dismissing about 750 of its least productive brokers by end of year and closing some of its branches as firm retrenches from rapid growth plan it adopted few years ago ; will have about 12,000 brokers in US after eliminating jobs , down about 16 percent from peak of 14,300 in summer of 2001 ( Market Place column ) ( M )
In explaining some of its current strength , Microsoft said that its business has been less dependent on the dot-com e-commerce boom and the telecommunications business , two high-technology areas that have been in a sharp decline this year .
Microsoft officials say their goal is a foothold in new media , from interactive digital television to advanced wireless data communications .
AT & T Sells Chicago Center
''It is in our interest for News Corporation to acquire the Dodgers because they are our partners , and we would not do anything to interfere with that venture , '' said Vivian Carr , a spokeswoman for Liberty Media , based in Denver .
But because GTE was not a Bell company subject to special rules , regulators appeared to have less leverage over the Bell Atlantic deal than they did over SBC 's acquisition , and Verizon has much more flexibility than does SBC to put its concessions into effect .
AOL , Yahoo and MSN each said last week that they would introduce new versions of their shopping areas in the near future , with features that should help them distinguish themselves from one another .
Viacom declined to disclose Xfire 's revenue .
Regaining momentum in Japan is important for Citigroup as its tries to rebound from regulatory problems here and in Europe .
Charges against Christian Curry , former analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter accused of forgery in connection with alleged plot to plant racist-mail into company 's E-mail after they dismissed him , are dropped after it is disclosed that Morgan Stanley paid $ 10,000 to prosecution 's star witness ; Curry contends company sought his dismissal because he is black and gay ; case reviewed ( M )
Safra A. Catz , Oracle 's co-president and chief financial officer , said yesterday that before special items , the company expected a profit of 22 cents a share for the second quarter , and a rise in revenue of 22 percent to 24 percent .
The success story belongs to General Motors , which after years of decline is now on an upswing -- a tribute to uncharacteristically daring designs , a tighter cost structure and , so far as anyone knows , no accounting tricks .
Shares of Motorola have rocketed more than 50 percent in the past year , despite a troublesome investment in Iridium L.L.C. , a satellite telephone service now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
And Amazon found it difficult to manage its inventory in the fickle toy business .
Even as Amazon has been moving to reduce its huge losses , many analysts have worried that its spectacular five-year growth spurt had come to an end .
In Nasdaq trading , Apple shares closed at $ 106.5625 , up $ 2.625 .
But he would need to amass a huge amount since Time Warner has 4.6 billion outstanding shares , which gives it a market value of $ 87 billion .
The president of the Royal Caribbean International cruise line , which recently pleaded guilty to dumping pollutants in Alaskan waters , paid visits to three southeastern Alaskan cities this week and apologized for the company 's actions .
Yahoo 's sites now rank third , reaching 48.2 percent of the Internet audience .
Perry appears to have set up a sophisticated swap trade with Bear Stearns and Goldman Sachs so that it now controls about 10 percent of Mylan 's votes , with limited or no exposure to fluctuations in Mylan 's share price .
Sizing up Amgen 's situation in a report titled ''Looking More Like Large Pharma , '' a Citigroup analyst , Yaron Werber , predicted that Amgen 's revenues would grow only 4 percent a year through 2010 .
Frito-Lay , by adding olestra versions of its already popular Doritos , Ruffles , Tostitos and Lay 's chips and calling them Wow snacks , pulled in $ 347 million last year , according to Information Resources Inc. Procter & Gamble 's olestra version of Pringles chips added $ 100 million , the company said .
ING paid $ 5 billion to Aetna shareholders and assumed $ 2.7 billion of debt .
A lawsuit by an American pension fund accuses Citigroup of helping Parmalat cover a gap in its balance sheet created by a Brazilian subsidiary .
The AT & T Corporation is coming to terms with its flops and fumbles , more than $ 1 billion worth of them .
Intel Says Earnings Rose 16 % In Quarter
Best Buy says the battery lasts about 20 hours on one charge .
Speaking for the agents , Michael J. Wilson , a lawyer with the firm of Zevnik Horton in Washington , said the latest decision showed that the federal agency was ''looking at every aspect of this program and saying , 'Allstate , what you did is illegal in multiple respects . '
''There is significant opportunity to materially grow local advertising , '' said Hilary Schneider , a former executive for Knight Ridder who recently joined Yahoo as senior vice president for marketplaces .
AT & T wants to hire the financial officer within a few months so that person can have a couple of quarters at the company before the Comcast deal is completed .
The low-cost economics of the PC business , oddly , are putting pressure on Microsoft .
WashTech , based in Washington State , gave the I.B.M .
Wellpoint , however , appears to be the only company interested in the health care unit , which accounts for 70 percent of Aetna 's revenues .
But Citigroup has agreed to pay roughly $ 3 billion to settle various lawsuits arising out of its role as investment bank to WorldCom and its relationship with Bernard J. Ebbers , the company 's chief executive , who was found guilty of fraud last year .
The problem was found on fewer than 10 cars , and has been fixed , said Jim Taylor , the vehicle line executive at General Motors who was in charge of CTS .
AT & T , of course , has cut more than 70,000 jobs in the dozen years since the court-enforced breakup of its former Bell System .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York took another step yesterday to help solve its operational problems by selling four money-losing automotive racetracks in Britain .
The judgment was welcomed by both Microsoft and the European Commission , which last month ruled that the software giant had abused its dominance by not sharing vital copyright-protected information with competitors .
A judge in Arkansas yesterday tossed out part of Wal-Mart 's lawsuit against its former vice chairman , Thomas M. Coughlin , citing an agreement that bars the former executive and the company from suing each other .
Indeed in the last five years , Nordstrom 's average yearly stock price has wavered between $ 30 and $ 53 a share and has rarely gone north of the mid- $ 40 range .
A combination of Carnival with P & O Princess , the third largest , would create an industry giant , a possibility that might give regulators pause , P & O executives had said .
But executives inside and outside Coca-Cola have suggested Mr. Zyman 's desire to advance in the company was thwarted by Mr. Ivester 's decision not to name a president .
When the Microsoft lawyers first called me , I said no .
But with the Internet now more important than the PC , and Microsoft caught in a brutal antitrust fight , the software giant has lost its leadership to Cisco Systems , the San Jose , Calif. , company that makes much of the equipment that powers the Internet .
Charles Herold article assesses two video game consoles , Microsoft 's Xbox and Nintendo 's Game Cube , which join Sony PlayStation 2 ; photos ( L )
Those talks faltered though , and Yahoo and eBay soon found themselves competitors in the online auction market .
The new venture would help Texas Instruments gain entry into the Japanese auto market .
Among them is that Steve Jobs , one of Apple 's co-founders ( who recently rejoined the company when it bought Next Computers , another company he founded ) may , despite his denials , be poised to assume a leading role at the company .
This meant the profit margins for gasoline , or the difference between what Exxon charged for gasoline and what it paid for the raw material to produce it , increased .
Mr. Bell , in his memo , acknowledged that ''some will point to Interpublic 's financial results in questioning the appropriateness of paying incentive bonuses '' for last year , but the charges , layoffs and other belt-tightening measures ''had to be taken to stabilize the company and position it for future growth . ''
TiVo subscribers who click on a symbol superimposed on screen during Coca-Cola commercials can use their remote controls to schedule ''Sound Check '' for recording .
Those leaving the board are Charles A. Davis , the chairman and chief executive of MMC Capital , a private equity investment unit ; Ray J. Groves , who was replaced as chief executive of Marsh 's brokerage unit shortly after Mr. Spitzer filed suit on Oct. 14 ; Peter Coster , the president of Mercer , the Marsh consulting unit ; Mathis Cabiallavetta , a vice chairman of Marsh & McLennan in charge of international business development ; and A.J.C .
But they suggested that Oracle 's latest price might not be its last .
I.B.M .
Mr. Stein , the Marriott International financial officer , said the Marriott Corporation lacked the flexibility of its successor companies because its real estate side was often at cross-purposes with its hotel management side .
Instead , she followed her father , a longtime sales employee at Whirlpool .
Study finds that high doses of epoetin , drug used to treat anemia in dialysis and cancer patients , may increase risk of heart problems and death ; almost a million Americans a year receive prescriptions for epoetin , or darbepoetin , which is closely related , and worldwide sales of two drugs -- sold under brand names Epogen , Procrit and Aranesp -- exceeded $ 9 billion in 2005 for Amgen and Johnson and Johnson , their makers ; Dr Ajay Singh of Harvard Medical School and study 's lead author , says results should encourage doctors to treat anemia less aggressively ; FDA will issue advisory ( M )
There was a certain bitter irony that Time Warner 's long-suffering shareholders have to pay a price again for the merger .
That is because the 2.5 million subscribers to the Microsoft Network have been unable to send or receive E-mail since Wednesday evening -- and are unlikely to be able to before the weekend .
News media gathering that is part of any political convention gets off to festive start at party at Time Warner Center ; news show hosts angle for celebrity bookings , but choices are meager ( M )
Some of the Mattel shares were sold to meet margin calls on the loans .
Nike denied that it had pulled back on existing orders or punished Foot Locker with late shipments , as had been reported .
One former game developer expressed skepticism about whether Microsoft would be able to maintain the security of the application .
As described by Sandy Genelius , the spokeswoman for CBS News , the process of creating the 55-second essays that were included in the ''Notebook '' feature involved a meeting between Ms. Couric and a group of producers from the Web site and her going over dozens of suggested topics for the daily commentary .
''Everyone was focused on whether Comcast could stanch the loss in basic subscribers at the AT & T systems it acquired last year , and they have done so , '' said Dennis Leibowitz , who runs Act II Partners , a media hedge fund .
State of the Art column appraises Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer , which uses optical sensors to find its way around with greater precision than any conventional mechanical mouse ; drawing ( M )
Charles Di Bona , an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein , said he thought that the merger would be far more difficult than Oracle indicated , and that incorporating another major product line into Oracle 's development process would be a great challenge .
Investment analysts and store managers say Wal-Mart executives have told them the company wants to transform its work force to 40 percent part-time from 20 percent .
Apple calls it its ''most important annual event for hardware and software developers , including in-house developers , computational scientists , I.T .
Robert Metcalfe looks at the Microsoft civil war and other open hostilities in the software industry and remembers when the computer business was a kinder , gentler place to work .
Last week , Verizon Communications , the nation 's biggest telecommunications company , announced that it is introducing the service across the nation .
For Microsoft , the goal is to inspire amateurs to share or sell relatively simple games on the company 's Xbox Live network .
Interpublic Group surprises investors with yet another warning of financial setbacks .
At the time , he said the main appeal of PeopleSoft was its customers , and that Oracle planned to switch them to Oracle 's business software in short order .
Microsoft sees in Google the potential to offer a variety of Internet services , using Google 's vast network of servers , making it less necessary for people to buy Microsoft software or even computers with the Microsoft Windows operating system .
A special inspection of the factories that make tails for Boeing 737 's , carried out by the Federal Aviation Administration after the wreckage of one such plane showed missing fasteners in that section , found that workers sometimes lacked training for their jobs , tested parts without proper supervision and sometimes used bolts that were too short , the agency said today .
The shutdown occurred automatically about 7:20 a.m. at the plant , about 30 miles north of New York City on the Hudson River , said Jim Steets , a spokesman for Entergy , the plant 's owner .
She said she was then asked to turn over her Wal-Mart name tag and lab coat and escorted out of the building by a security officer .
Richard Doherty , president of Envisioneering , a consumer electronics consulting firm based in Seaford , N.Y. , said he had talked to several major retailers of consumer electronics in recent weeks and that Microsoft had not yet briefed them on its plans , leaving open the possibility that the company had not made a final decision to introduce its own player .
Pfizer Wins Acceptance As a Suitor
I.B.M .
''Ford Motor Company had obfuscated the existence of the T.F.I .
Ms. Druyun is now deputy general manager of Boeing 's missile defense systems .
Besides attracting subscribers with its low price , Yahoo can now sell music to fans who already visit its existing online music sites , which let visitors play music videos , chat with other fans and look up information about CD 's and artists .
The steps come after I.B.M .
That board is a tightly knit group of 10 men -- 5 of them former McKinsey consultants , including Mr. Purcell -- who either sat on the Dean Witter board when Mr. Purcell was the chief executive before that firm merged with Morgan Stanley in 1997 , or who have been recently appointed by him .
Jim Carlisle , a managing partner at Graystone Capital Advisors , a venture capital firm in New York , said Microsoft and others were probably waiting to see if Plaxo could expand its membership into the tens of millions -- and generate profits -- before they jumped into this kind of network service .
From the start , Yahoo 's preferred approach to searching the Web was through its own directory of Web sites , assembled like a library card catalog by its own editors .
Exxon would trade 1.32 of its shares for each Mobil share , leaving Exxon shareholders owning 70 percent of the resulting company in a deal expected to close by mid-1999 .
The daily volume of packages sent by the company 's FedEx Express service fell 9 percent in April , about twice the rate of decline the company reported for March , after initially predicting a decline of 1 percent to 2 percent during the current quarter .
An Intel spokeswoman , Karina Howley , said the company 's employees here had the benefit of 15 years of experience at the top levels of the semiconductor industry .
The channel will initially be available only to digital subscribers -- Comcast has upgraded more than 90 percent of its systems to digital service and has 7.5 mllion digital customers in cities like Atlanta , Boston and Chicago -- but Comcast can offer it to customers with the older analog service .
On Tuesday , Mr. Jobs said that while Apple has 65 percent of the market for hard-drive portable music players , it has only a third of the total market for both hard-drive and flash-memory-based units .
That opinion , which overturned a lower court 's order to break up Microsoft , found a variety of antitrust violations and ordered the case returned to the district court to consider appropriate remedy .
( Comcast is also represented by Salomon Smith Barney . )
Sandy Carlson Tarlow , advertising executive who was responsible for defining public face of Polo Ralph Lauren for almost quarter century , dies at age 59 ( M )
The MX510 is $ 49.95 and is available at www.logitech.com and at Best Buy stores .
This week , I.B.M .
And in a nod to the growing influence of a recently formed group called the Open Content Alliance , Microsoft announced its plans to join it .
It seems that nearly all of them have met with Lara Stein , the preternaturally energetic executive in New York for Microsoft Multimedia Productions , or M3P , which develops material for the Microsoft Network .
Oracle raised its offer from $ 19.50 a share to $ 26 a share in February , then lowered it to $ 21 in May .
But in his order today , Judge Jackson retorted : ''Microsoft 's profession of surprise is not credible .
Last week , Amazon removed the critical reviews .
Standard & Poor 's announcement that it is cutting its credit ratings for General Motors and Ford Motor Co sets off selling spree in corporate bond market ; rating cut to below investment grade begins process of adjustment that could ripple through , and roil , fixed-income markets for weeks ; some investors -- like pension funds that prefer investment-grade bonds or are restricted to only such securities -- will sell their GM and Ford bonds to those that invest in high-yield or junk bonds and to other investors , including hedge funds that favor so-called distressed securities ; potential redistribution is enormous , with some $ 292 billion in outstanding GM bonds and $ 161 billion in Ford bonds ; graphs ; photos ( M )
The board of Normandy Mining , Australia 's largest gold producer , accepted an offer from the Newmont Mining Corporation today that values the company at about $ 2.2 billion .
When A.T. & T. gets down to negotiating a specific deal on fiber-optic transmission lines , for example , it may find that it can supply only a line that carries 1,900 simultaneous conversations , a 10-year-old technology that A.T. & T. is about to phase out of production .
For their part , Corning and the other diversified giants are wrestling with how much they must invest to make sure they do not miss an important breakthrough even as they focus most of their work on surer bets , like improving today 's products .
And the mother of one of his best friends bought Cisco stock after Mr. Volpi told her over dinner in 1994 that he was taking a job there .
The disappointing earnings report raised the question of how competitive I.B.M .
In deciding yesterday to increase significantly its spending on marketing for the foreseeable future , by $ 350 million to $ 400 million a year , Coca-Cola is joining a growing number of blue-chip companies that are reversing years of cutbacks to not only defend the market shares they have but to finally start stimulating growth .
Robert Willens , the accounting and tax analyst at Lehman Brothers in New York , said that from an accounting perspective , Microsoft 's move from stock options to restricted shares was not that startling .
For a time it appeared that Fox and Microsoft had achieved their goal .
Because of the Powerbook problem , Mr. Anderson said he was unwilling to predict a profit for Apple 's first quarter , which has traditionally been its strongest .
But the melding of Mattel and Tyco ''is a marvelous fit around the world , '' said John W. Amerman , chairman and chief executive of Mattel , which is based in El Segundo , Calif. ''The United States has only 4 percent of the world 's children , so we see a great opportunity ahead . ''
Intel and Broadcom settle trade-secrets dispute that began after Broadcom hired several former Intel employees ; graph ( S )
In terms of revenue growth , Microsoft has the most at stake in its Office 97 upgrade to its Office product line .
That is the calculus that has enabled Microsoft 's stock price to keep rising even when the case has appeared to be going badly for it .
Two years later , a consortium led by Exxon Mobil and Shell began producing natural gas from the Sable field off Nova Scotia .
Moreover , Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of News Corporation , and Mr. Malone spoke on Tuesday and Mr. Malone told him that his purchase indicated no change in his amicable support for the company , a spokesman for News Corporation said yesterday .
Mr. Grundfest , who led a three-member acquisition committee , said the Oracle board decided against a friendly approach and in favor of quick action because it was likely that PeopleSoft would have rejected an acquisition in which it was not the survivor .
Frontier 's shares closed at $ 23.5625 , unchanged .
Both sides agree that ABC changed the terms after the America Online-Time Warner merger was announced in January .
Delta said that it planned to save $ 425 million this year by retiring nine Boeing 737 jets and replacing larger aircraft with regional jets on some routes .
The Ford Motor Company has decided not to build a second generation of the Excursion sport utility vehicle , which is seven feet tall and able to seat a softball team , people close to Ford 's future product program said tonight .
As with the Microsoft product , you can use it with a network , external media or a cable .
AT & T has fought with Cox in Oklahoma and Time Warner Cable in Texas .
The Internet Society , a nonprofit international organization , is one of 11 groups that submitted bids to take over responsibility for .org from VeriSign Inc. , which must give up control over the domain by the end of this year .
Google , the search giant , has also overtaken Microsoft in online searches and accounted for 49 percent of them in May , versus 10.6 percent for Microsoft , according to Nielsen/NetRatings , a New York market research firm .
Felipe Aguilar , who said he cleaned at five Target stores in Southern California , said in a telephone interview : ''In my three years there , they gave me very few days off .
IPod Sales Give Apple 75 % Jump In Revenue
Boeing , a huge-scale American exporter , provides rare relief for the record United States trade deficit with the sale of planes to China and other Asian nations .
About a year ago , she said , Creative secured one-inch hard drives capable of storing five gigabytes of music files -- the same size as the drive inside Apple 's iPod Mini , but with an extra gigabyte of storage .
Mainly , the Gap wanted to do business at its own Web site , which is among the most successful of any store chain .
An expert programmer whose resume includes a dozen patents , Dr. Gosling testified that what Microsoft had done to the Java programming language was ''analogous to adding to the English language words and phrases that can not be understood by anyone else . ''
To serve Nike in Britain , Wieden & Kennedy will open an office in London on April 1 that will initially have a staff of 10 .
Officials say they saw Time Warner 's decision as proof that it had the will , and the power , to remove a powerful network from its cable systems .
I.B.M .
Group of Black Employees Calls for Boycott of Coca-Cola Products
Procter & Gamble is close to reaching an agreement to acquire the Clairol hair care business from Bristol-Myers Squibb for about $ 4.95 billion , executives close to the transaction said late yesterday .
Mr. Newton formerly worked for Warner-Lambert and was one of the scientists who discovered Lipitor before Warner-Lambert was acquired by Pfizer in spring 2000 .
Correction : January 8 , 1999 , Friday A chart in Business Day yesterday with an article about 1998 auto sales reversed the market-share figures for Chrysler and Toyota cars , and included incorrect light-truck market-share figures for Ford , General Motors , Chrysler , Toyota and Nissan .
The absent star made a final appearance in the Microsoft antitrust trial today when a Government lawyer introduced as evidence a comment by William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , that knocked the legs from under his legal team 's most important defensive strategy .
Union Pacific and Burlington Northern Santa Fe , the country 's two largest railroad companies , handle all the long-distance rail freight traffic to and from the Western states .
I.B.M .
But while the detente between AT & T and MCI comes just in time for Valentine 's Day , analysts cautioned that the companies were still in the early days of their courtship .
The company has been trying to turn its Active-X technology over to an organization that is not controlled directly by Microsoft .
The judge 's decision yesterday lifted Altria 's stock and the bonds of its subsidiaries , including Kraft Foods and Philip Morris .
Here at the Everett plant , work continues on orders for Boeing 's three wide-body jets .
( MICROSOFT NATURAL KEYBOARD ELITE ( PC , $ 65 ; microsoft.com/products/ hardware/natkeybd ; ( 800 ) 426-9400 . )
Microsoft used its monopoly power in the operating system market , the Government charges , to force computer makers to restrict how they could promote Netscape 's browser .
I hoped I.B.M .
Cisco shares rose 37.5 cents , to $ 58.125 , in after-hours trading .
Hindi version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire has become hugely popular on News Corp 's Star India cable and satellite network and underscores promise of cable and satellite television in India ; 61 million Indian homes now have satellite and cable television , making it third-highest subscriber base in world after China and US ; potential market is huge in country of more than billion people where households without satellite or cable can watch only a few state-run channels whose programming is considered tedious by many Indians ; photo ( M )
Dennis Duffy , a Union Pacific senior vice president , said in an interview that increased hiring and training , revised labor agreements and an experiment in allowing exhausted workers to take naps were all signs of a commitment to safety .
The business at Ogilvy , which includes AT & T 's corporate overseas advertising among several other accounts , will be transferred to four other agencies that work for AT & T : FCB Leber Katz , Ayer Inc. , McCann Erickson and Young & Rubicam .
But because only $ 600 million is guaranteed and Dow Corning 's money would apparently not be available to help satisfy claims against other implant manufacturers who used Dow Corning 's silicone gel in their own implants , today 's proposal actually represents a smaller commitment , some lawyers said .
Comcast is exacting lower fees for itself in new contracts with cable channels , especially smaller ones , using power that comes with access to 30 percent of nation 's cable households and control of cable systems in 7 of nation 's 10 largest cities ; has reportedly reduced fees Court TV receives for 13 million subscribers once owned by AT & T , which Comcast acquired ; Comcast denies that it is strong-arming cable programmers , saying it is merely exercising good business discipline by reconciling differences between old Comcast and AT & T contracts ; Brian Roberts , president , has promised shareholders that company will shed $ 270 million in program expenses , reducing its overall annual programming budget to $ 4 billion ; many executives expect brunt of cost cutting to be borne by small , independent cable channels because large programming media conglomerates , like Viacom , wield their own bargaining power ; photos ( M )
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday accused Donald J. Tyson , the former chairman of Tyson Foods Inc. , of tipping off a friend about Tyson 's 1992 acquisition of an Alaskan fishing company .
For CVS , based in Woonsocket , R.I. , the transaction would be by far its largest yet ; Caremark , based in Nashville , has a market value of $ 21 billion while CVS has a market value of nearly $ 26 billion .
''We ca n't just target corporate America , '' said Mr. Daniels , noting that Procter & Gamble is not the only offender .
He has other leverage in Fox News , now the most popular cable news channel , and essential local stations in most major markets around the country .
But Microsoft has now formed a digital production studio , called Microsoft Multimedia Productions , to create new entertainment programs .
Growing number of business travelers are using Priceline.com and its smaller rival , Hotwire.com , to book hotel rooms despite complexity of transactions and restrictions they carry on hotel-loyalty programs ; both companies operate opaque Web sites , where travelers do not know which hotel they are booking until they have paid for it , feature that encourages hotel chains to give Web sites access to rooms ; travelers comment ; photo ( M )
Wal-Mart is hoping new ad campaigns will help the retailer reach higher-income customers who will stay in the stores to buy more than just household staples like laundry detergent .
It was a desire to strengthen its ads ' connection with consumers that led Verizon Wireless to seek additional creative ideas .
Ralph S. Larsen , chairman of Johnson & Johnson , said the combination with DePuy could create ''the leading company in the $ 9 billion orthopedic products market . ''
Industry experts who follow Procter & Gamble gave the contest and related promotions a mixed rating , in part because of the competition Ivory faces from other soaps .
Amazon to Take Searches On Web to a New Depth
The conference , the Intel Developer Forum , is held three times a year , and its convening in China underscores the growing significance of the Chinese market in the computer industry .
Apple has issued a warning on the Internet at kbase.info.apple.com , a support site that requires registration .
Without one-time charges , Pfizer 's earnings were $ 4 billion , or 54 cents a share , exceeding Wall Street expectations by one penny .
WITH health care re-emerging as the top issue in Washington and managed-health-care networks spreading like kudzu , this would seem to be a good time for shares of the Cigna Corporation , one of the most sophisticated and successful managed-care insurers .
General Electric Co and Cisco Systems announce they will form joint venture , called GE Cisco Industrial Networks , to help manufacturers use Internet technology to ease communications between their factories and thier offices ; GE says it expects venture to realize $ 100 million in sales in three to five years ( S )
Mr. Bell , who is now a senior researcher at Microsoft , said he had tried to persuade Mr. Sutherland to enter into a wager over whether asynchronous designs would be widely adopted but that the two men had not yet agreed on the terms of the bet .
Alessandra Stanley TV Watch column on Today show tribute to Katie Couric on her last day as show 's co-anchor ; Couric is leaving position at NBC to become first woman anchor of evening news on CBS ; photo ( M )
Mr. Warren-Boulton acknowledged the narrow point but noted that most of the contracts called for the Internet access companies to guarantee that 75 percent or more of their customers use Microsoft 's browser .
Hasbro went on to sell some 40 million Furbies , and Mr. Askeland soon found himself running Tiger 's engineering operation .
Mounting pressure from advocacy groups , politicians and regulators led Citigroup to stop defending the product , said Robert B. Willumstad , chairman and chief executive of the company 's consumer group .
Jeffrey S Skoll , Canadian founder of EBay , has become one of most active young philanthropists in US , raising endowment of Skoll Foundation to $ 300 million from $ 117 million ; Skoll has given $ 15 million to support 'social entrepreneurs ' who operate nonprofit business ventures for the needy ( M )
Mr. Lafley responded in an interview that Procter had to buy Clairol , regardless of the timing .
Microsoft Network Loses E-Mail Service
David Hill , the director of PC design for I.B.M .
The Learning Company that Mattel bought was actually a collection of once-leading producers of software for children amassed in an acquisition spree by Kevin O'Leary and Michael Perik , founders of a Canadian software company called Softkey International Inc. Softkey , previously known primarily for publishing a CD-ROM version of the Sports Illustrated swimsuit calendar , acquired the original Learning Company in a hostile takeover in 1995 , and adopted its name .
Three of them found out about the company 's availability from the eBay listing .
While that was not a bad first step , Carnival , which last year made more than $ 1 million of profit a day , has larger long-range ambitions for its acquisition .
Mr. Ballmer also suggested that Microsoft would rather delay the release of the next major upgrade of its Windows operating system , code-named Longhorn , than sacrifice innovation or reliability .
Mr. Fallows says he intends to work at Microsoft for six months or so and then return to writing magazine articles and books .
There will also be ''an extensive Internet presence , '' Mr. McMillan said , on the Progressive Web site ( www.progressive.com ) .
But nine other states , including California and Connecticut , continued their litigation , seeking tougher sanctions -- including a requirement that Microsoft offer a version of Windows without the software for Web browsing .
After a slow start , Boeing says it has 203 orders and commitments for the plane .
''There are a lot of potential synergies based on the premise of integration , but it 's going to be a challenge for Microsoft .
Listing of top 10 rentals for games played at XBox 360 , Microsoft 's second-generation video-game console ; photo ( S )
Mr. Murdoch , 74 , is a notoriously demanding and hands-on manager who built the $ 24-billion-a-year company from two small newspapers he inherited in Adelaide , Australia , four decades ago .
Microsoft is not standing still , however .
In a statement , WakeUpWalMart.com divulged last night for the first time that it had met with a Wal-Mart executive in December to discuss the company 's health insurance , among other things , but decided the retailer was not serious about significantly improving its benefits .
In one of the first investigations into pay and promotion practices at a big Wall Street investment bank , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said it had seen evidence of ''a pattern and practice '' of discrimination against women employed in Morgan Stanley 's institutional stocks division .
But problems this year in the client-agency relationship resulted in the reassignments of executives at both Nike and Wieden & Kennedy and other changes .
For example , George Bell , the president of Excite @ Home , has said he was approached about the Microsoft job , but declined .
In addition , for at least the first two years , there will be no increases in the anticipated 787 production rates , no matter how strong the demand , Boeing said .
Editorial Observer by Lawrence Downes comments on Hasbro 's updated Game of Life , called Game of Life Twists and Turns , which splits route to bourgeois bliss into four paths : money , education , family and fun ; says in game , as in life , most players end up heavily in debt ( M )
Until yesterday , Warner-Lambert had bitterly fought Pfizer 's bid , filing several lawsuits and refusing even to talk to Pfizer executives .
Shareholder approval is required , but with weightier matters on this year 's proxy like environmental principles and human-rights policies toward Mexico , China and republics of the former Soviet Union , few owners of A.T. & T. stock seem likely to complain .
The Privacy Group That Took On Intel
He said he thinks they will abate over time and are caused in large part by criticisms from the competing news networks that are steeped in liberalism .
The suit contends that WorldCom tricked AT & T into completing money-losing long-distance calls to regions with high access charges and tricked local Bell companies like SBC and Verizon in ways that allowed WorldCom to avoid the long-distance access charges it would have otherwise paid .
Now Nike hopes it knows how to make lightning strike twice , by introducing a campaign tomorrow featuring seven athletes switching sports .
Mr. Weill 's two empires -- which in a way were one because much of what was Shearson eventually ended up at Citigroup -- grew in similar ways .
Legal experts said earlier that if the judge permitted the case to proceed , pressure would increase on Allstate to settle .
But in October 1981 , newly employed , I drove to the Computerland store in Los Altos , Calif. , and paid about $ 3,000 for an I.B.M .
The I.B.M .
Wal-Mart Expands in China As Its Growth Slows in U.S .
As a result , demand for Microsoft products is expected to remain strong regardless of the eventual outcome of the antitrust case .
The Justice Department 's antitrust case against Microsoft and the company 's combative response in court have cast a shadow over some of the software maker 's product plans .
Allstate will also pay CNA Insurance a marketing royalty for use of the CNA name over the next six years , a payment that is projected to total about $ 110 million .
And I never saved a penny , spending my entire salary on Gap clothes for me , my spouse , my kids and my grandson , and gifts .
The flagship component of the new Intel line is a network processor that , rather than being built for a specific function , is flexible and can be programmed to perform different tasks .
On Amazon.com one reviewer wrote , ''This reeks to high heaven ! ''
That costs Microsoft less than $ 900 million a year , a pittance for a company that piles up cash at the rate of $ 12 billion annually .
While Yahoo is the preferred service , the Sansa Connect will work with other online services , including Rhapsody , Napster and Urge .
introduced a new line of mainframe computer yesterday that is not only twice as powerful as its predecessor but also aims to make it easier for corporations to encrypt vast amounts of customer information and to bundle the workloads of many smaller computers onto an I.B.M .
''Of course , Merck could use the money to buy back shares as part of its buyback program , but the company has enough cash for that , '' said Neil Sweig , who tracks pharmaceutical stocks for Southeast Research Partners .
Airbus becomes world 's largest maker of commercial aircraft by delivering 305 planes last year , topping Boeing , which has 281 deliveries ( S )
The review comes three years after I.B.M .
In January , Boeing Business Jets was folded into the new Boeing Enterprises division , which has moved quickly into other ventures .
''The hard part was nailing down all the data on all this stuff , taking it from the brick-and-mortar world and dumping it into eBay , '' Mr. Davies said .
Legal experts see accord with regulators in which J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup agreed to pay nearly $ 300 million to settle charges they helped Enron defraud investors will make it harder for banks to recover money they lent to Enron and to reach favorable settlements with its shareholders ; say other creditors will probably try to recover money from banks directly ( M )
According to Microsoft , the marketing budget for Halo 2 is ''tens of millions of dollars , '' perhaps more than the cost of developing the game itself ( which the company will not divulge ) .
The results at Time Warner , the world 's largest entertainment company , exceeded Wall Street expectations and helped send the company 's shares up $ 1.875 , or 2 percent , to a 52-week high of $ 93.125 .
In addition to the financial terms of the settlement , DuPont has agreed to provide six water districts in the Parkersburg area with water-treatment equipment to reduce the amount of PFOA to levels prescribed by the water districts .
''We have to drive profitable growth , we have to transform the culture at Interpublic to one of winning , and we have to address the needs of our clients , '' Michael I. Roth , chairman and chief executive , said in a speech that opened the daylong event .
LVMH sued Morgan Stanley in Commercial Court in Paris this month , accusing it of improperly manipulating its stock research to benefit its investment banking clients by issuing unusually harsh assessments of rival companies .
Texas Instruments has a strategy of getting other companies to help defray the billion-dollar costs of memory-chip factories .
Fears over Brazil 's economic prospects drag down stock and bond prices and real ; currency closes at 3.16 to US dollar , down 0.5 percent from Aug 12 as word spreads that Moody 's Investors Service downgraded foreign-currency bonds and notes ; Sao Paulo stock market 's benchmark index closes down 279 points , to 9,444 ; Pres Fernando Henrique Cardoso hastily organizes meeting with all four presidential candidates to win their public backing for $ 30 billion loan from International Monetary Fund ; elections will be held Oct 6 ; graph ; photo ( M )
America Online Inc 's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Inc faces higher regulatory hurdles than expected ; Federal Trade Commission , which won behind-the-scenes battle with Justice Department for jurisdiction , has gotten blizzard of objections from consumer groups and rival companies ; table of market share ; photo ( M )
Yahoo 's shares rose as much as 52 cents in after-hours trading on Instinet , to $ 39.31 .
Last week , he announced the biggest overhaul in Citigroup 's nine-year history , streamlining its management ranks and eliminating 17,000 jobs .
Many industry experts believe that A.T. & T. might buy the spinoff , because McCaw does not have any systems in Los Angeles , San Francisco or San Diego .
Newark 's new hockey arena will be called the Prudential Center under an agreement announced yesterday by the New Jersey Devils and Prudential Financial Inc. , the Newark-based financial services company .
Deanna Sanford , the lead product manager for MSN , said that Microsoft would be charging a transaction fee , even though others were not , because it expected such fees would become standard .
A sale of the personal computer business would be a step away from I.B.M .
Technology Briefing | Internet : VeriSign Profit Accelerates
One practice that was questioned was Microsoft 's contracts with some 40 Internet service providers , which prohibited them from promoting competing browsers .
Aetna Inc , which has been in talks to sell its financial and international units to ING Group , Dutch financial services company , has yet to resolve key issues related to Aetna 's domestic business , including how it can avoid paying huge tax bill as result of sale ; Aetna 's board has tentatively endorsed transaction , which is likely to exceed $ 7 billion , including debt ( S )
Newly released depositions in Microsoft Corp antitrust case show Microsoft had recognized challenge posed by Internet long before browser wars erupted ; include April 1995 E-mail from chief technology officer Nathan P Myhrvold to top Microsoft executives urging company ensure that its proprietary technology and protocols be used on Internet and citing Netscape Communications Corp as challenger that would promote competing technology standards ( M )
Analysts have said Wal-Mart might try to recover part of its investment by selling Seiyu stores , some of which sit on prime Tokyo land .
Technology stock followers , initially encouraged by earnings reports from I.B.M .
Economist Frederick R Warren-Boulton sums up Justice Department 's antitrust case of how Microsoft Corp wields its market power in the industry ; broad portrayal of Microsoft as bullying monopolist is main target of Microsoft 's defense as it tries to attack every fact , theory and assumption underlying Government 's case ; cross-examination of Warren-Boulton illuminates company 's defense strategy ( M )
As part of Boston Scientific 's formal offer , the company said that it had reached an agreement to sell two Guidant units , its vascular intervention and endovascular businesses , to Abbott Laboratories for $ 3.8 billion to satisfy regulators if it reaches a merger agreement with Guidant .
But it is $ 12 less than the Cendant Corporation , a franchiser and direct marketer , agreed to pay after edging out American International Group , the big international insurer based in New York .
Analysts say the pressure from China on Boeing and Airbus to base more production in the country is intense .
In announcing the new deal , executives of both Guidant and Johnson & Johnson addressed the higher standing offer from Boston Scientific .
After its acquisition of AT & T Broadband last November , Comcast operates in 17 of the country 's 20 largest metropolitan areas .
Under the deal 's terms , Micron will exchange 108.6 million common shares , valued in the memorandum at $ 35 apiece , for the memory chip business , and $ 200 million in cash for the stake in the other Hynix operations , which mainly make other kinds of semiconductors .
With the help of his research superiors and a few believers in I.B.M .
The list included big American companies like Eli Lilly , Bristol-Myers Squibb and American Home Products .
While working on it , Mr. Graves met Ron Johnson , a vice president and merchandising manager for home decor at Target .
Rudy Rubio 's wife , Suzanne , also worked at the I.B.M .
Even after both settlements , Time Warner still faces a shareholder lawsuit that was filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan .
Many note that , even as film sales shrink , companies like Fuji and Kodak can still do a thriving business in sales of coated papers , which can be used to make high-quality prints of digital photos .
Intel Corp is seeking Israeli state financial assistance for expansion of its $ 1.6 billion chip factory in Kiryat Gat ; company executives tell Finance Min Avraham Shochat that proposed $ 3 billion project would generate up to 3,000 new jobs and $ 2 billion in annual exports ; Intel 's current Kiryat Gat factory is subsidized by much criticized $ 600 million package of grants and tax credits ( S )
Like Maytag , however , Whirlpool 's profitability has been erratic .
Prudential Health Care has 16,000 employees , including 1,000 at its headquarters in Roseland , N.J. Aetna has 32,000 employees .
Microsoft said it would appeal the case to the Court of Appeals , filing the papers within a few days , while the government said this evening that it would try to bypass that court and ask immediate review by the Supreme Court .
In an effort to create a global wireless alternative to cable and telephone Internet service , Intel said on Monday that it would collaborate with Clearwire , a wireless broadband company , in developing and deploying the new technology .
employees , a retired company manager , a former I.B.M .
In its lawsuit , Washington said the Raytheon unit produced $ 700 million in debt instead of the $ 450 million Washington had expected .
's rivals are struggling , Mr. Joyce added , but I.B.M .
They list the item with its price , and shoppers can click a ''buy it now '' button to purchase it just as they would on a more traditional site like Amazon .
However , Microsoft which has only a 4.5 percent market share , is preparing to enter the business .
In what would be a major consolidation in on-line city guides , the Microsoft Corporation is on the verge of selling MSN Sidewalk to Ticketmaster Online-Citysearch in a stock transaction worth $ 240 million , people close to the negotiations said yesterday .
Carl C. Icahn said yesterday that he had recruited Frank J. Biondi Jr. , the former chief executive of Viacom and Universal Studios , to become Time Warner 's chairman and chief executive if Mr. Icahn prevailed in a planned proxy fight for control of the media giant .
In response , Wal-Mart shares rose 64 cents , to $ 48.07 yesterday .
''Bill 's comment was , 'This is a strategic area and we need to win it , ' '' Mr. Durkin said in the e-mail message , which was also cited in the United States Justice Department 's antitrust case against Microsoft .
For example , McCaw would be able to sell wireless service under the A.T. & T. brand name in more than 400 retail stores A.T. & T owns .
The executive , Neville Isdell , put up what he called ''our Kleenex tissue slide , '' a list of obstacles like the war in Kosovo that the bottler , Coca-Cola Beverages , had run into since it went public in July 1998 .
Sales at the Ford Motor Company fell 4.4 percent in April from a year earlier , the company reported today , even though it relied more heavily on discounted deals with rental car companies than in previous months .
Apple refused comment on the lawsuit , which appears to acknowledge the accuracy of the reports .
Kodak recently joined forces with Homestore.com Inc. , an Internet-based real estate listings company , to get access to real estate agents who want to print out pictures of houses .
Redesigning everything from the ground up lets Intel optimize its chips to take advantage of the latest technology .
Sprint 's map Web page is far more sophisticated than Verizon 's -- it offers aerial views , reports of past locations and the ability to add landmarks to the map ( like ''Robin 's house '' ) , but it 's incompatible with Safari , the Macintosh browser .
AOL Time Warner , Comcast and Cox Communications submitted reworked offers , according to executives involved in the auction , after an admonishment last week from AT & T 's chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , that the bids were inadequate .
There are about 40 different Mac-compatible configurations on the market right now , with only about 10 from Apple . ''
Mr. Parsons said Time Warner Cable was still on track to go public in the first quarter of next year , and that for now the company had decided to issue no more than 16 percent of the company 's shares to the public .
Exxon , by contrast , run under the tight grip of Mr. Raymond and a small group of top executives , tries to avoid the limelight even when news is good .
''This was an operational error , '' the company said in a statement , ''and not the result of any issue with Microsoft or third-party products nor the security of our networks . ''
''Aetna believes in controlling costs , '' he said .
Verizon reported net income of $ 1.5 billion in the quarter , or 51 cents a share , compared with $ 1.63 billion , or 56 cents a share , a year earlier .
Like the Lockheed offering , the Boeing plane could be filled with a variety of weapons , including torpedoes and depth bombs .
Fox 's promotional sites for ''24 '' include links to a site for the ''Allstate Special Investigation Unit , '' aimed at evoking the program 's cloak-and-dagger feel .
Intel 's decision to change course and embrace a ''dual core '' processor structure shows the challenge of overcoming the effects of heat generated by the constant on-off movement of tiny switches in modern computers .
Throughout his cross-examination , which began last week , Mr. Schmalensee has held to his main themes -- that Microsoft 's contracts are mostly garden-variety business deals , that friction and fights among business partners are to be expected , that Netscape has been able to distribute many millions of copies of its browser , and that consumers have benefited from Microsoft 's practices .
Correction : August 12 , 2002 , Monday An article in Business Day on Tuesday about the Congressional lobbying effort by the Accenture consulting firm to distinguish itself from American companies that reincorporated in offshore tax havens referred incompletely to the taxes paid by the company and its partners before its incorporation in Bermuda .
City officials and some business groups countered that the Bank of America building , a joint venture with the developer Douglas Durst , would solidify New York 's position as an international financial center , thereby making it a good candidate for the special tax-free financing known as Liberty Bonds .
Morgan Stanley is not as strong in that area .
Toyota Camry beats Honda Accord for title of nation 's best-selling car in 1997 , leaving Ford Taurus in third place and ending its five-year reign as top seller ; auto makers sold 15.2 million vehicles in US in 1997 , up from 15.1 million vehicles sold in 1996 ; General Motors says sales rose 9.9 percent in December compared with those in December 1996 , with car sales up 7.3 percent and sales of sport utility vehicles , mini-vans and pickup trucks up 13.2 percent ; graphs ( L )
Microsoft said it intended to license the program in December 1995 and completed the licensing agreement in April 1996 .
For years , Sean J. Egan has been trying to crack the cartel consisting of Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch Ratings , credit-ratings agencies with quasi-government authority and enormous global influence .
What makes San Francisco different is that it could become the first major city to offer free access to all its residents .
The various versions of Microsoft 's operating systems over the years , including the current version , Windows 95 , came to dominate the PC industry by legal means .
''Everybody else is coining money in portable computers , why is n't Apple ? ''
Article on advertising campaigns for General Motors Corp 's Hummer developed by Modernista and Toyota Motor 's redesigned 2004 Prius hybrid , vehicle that weighs less than half of Hummer H2 and gets five times its gas mileage ; Prius ads were developed by Saatchi & Saatchi Los Angeles ; photo ( M )
A native of Havana , Mr. Gutierrez joined Kellogg in 1975 as a sales representative in Mexico .
Celebrity Cruises in Miami , part of Royal Caribbean Cruises , said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with the West Wayne offices in Coral Gables and Tampa , Fla. , by naming the agency to handle duties that had been handled by two New York agencies .
Oracle said progress on its stated goal of cutting expenses by $ 1 billion had increased its profit margins .
Electronic Arts posted revenue of $ 1.23 billion for the quarter , compared with the $ 1.13 billion average estimate of Wall Street analysts .
By the end of this year , Sony expects about 280 games on the market , compared with about 20 for Nintendo and 30 for Microsoft .
Some Fortune 500 companies may have Web sites numbering ''in the hundreds , '' said Maigread Eichten , VeriSign 's vice president for corporate domain name services .
In the 1970 's , Coca-Cola withdrew from India rather than comply with a law in that country that would have compelled the soft drink manufacturer to transfer technology -- in this case , its syrup formula -- to an Indian-owned company .
You should be able to play the file with Apple 's QuickTime 6.5 or later , or with recent versions of the RealPlayer multimedia software .
The deals will enable Infosys and Wipro to use Microsoft technologies to build software for their clients at more favorable terms .
Microsoft 's campaign to force other companies to favor Internet Explorer is at the center of the Government 's case .
Shares in Texas Instruments fell 73 cents , to $ 18.27 .
The safety board will question executives of other agencies , Union Pacific and its labor unions , as well as Government inspectors , about why the railroad had so many crashes and fatalities last year .
Mr. Walker , humbled by the collapse of WebHouse Club , his attempt to extend the Priceline model to groceries , left the Priceline board late last year .
For Demanding Music Lovers , An iPod Dock to Rival Apple 's Own
And Michael Kinsley , the editor and creator of Microsoft 's on-line magazine Slate , is pacing the bare parquet floors of a one-bedroom apartment , considering whether to rent it .
And many other companies have an interest in Apple 's remaining in business because it represents an alternative to the Microsoft monolith -- even if part of the help comes from Microsoft itself .
The company 's political critics have accused it of profiting from the war even though the contract generated relatively lower earnings for Halliburton than its lucrative activities in the energy industry .
''But Microsoft has to do well enough to keep people in the Microsoft environment -- on the desktop , the Web or gaming online -- so they do n't leave the Microsoft environment to go to Google for search . ''
Microsoft executives contend that Internet Explorer users will benefit from ''true Web integration . ''
While Mr. Ellison said that Oracle , based nearby in Redwood Shores , would retain Siebel 's specialized sales force , analysts said that many Siebel employees were likely to be laid off as soon as the deal was completed .
More than any other technology company , I.B.M .
And General Motors , Ford and Chrysler , which still produce far more of these light trucks than they do automobiles , are now seeing the repercussions .
Later , Mr. Reback , a partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati , wrote that Microsoft had made it clear that if Netscape was going to compete with Microsoft ''in any way , '' then Microsoft ''will competitively harm Netscape . ''
AT & T , Verizon and Qwest asked the court to rule after they failed to persuade an appeals court that the large consumer action should be dismissed for lack of evidence .
Peter H Lewis ( State of the Art ) evaluates new smart tools , such as digital tape measure and digital stud finder , that employ computer chips and laser sensors ; says in testing several such tools , called IntelliTools , from Stanley Works , he found that they offer some benefits for certain tasks under certain circumstances , but that none of these tools is likely to replace iits old-fashioned counterpart in his toolbox ; also notes such tools are pricey ( M )
That allows customers to click on the shipping address and credit information stored in the Amazon data bank to make a purchase through another merchant .
A spot for Nike celebrating athletes , famous and otherwise , was awarded the annual commercial Emmy Award by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences .
Procter & Gamble names Starcom MediaVest Group and Carat to handle communication planning in North America , which had been divided between Starcom and MediaCom Worldwide division of Grey Global Group ; billings estimated at $ 4 billion ( S )
Microsoft 's continued assertions of innocence were one reason for his ruling , he said .
Motorola now owns 6.9 percent of Nextel , the country 's sixth-largest cellphone provider , down from 7.5 percent .
Altria 's chairman and chief executive , Louis C. Camilleri , now serves as Kraft 's chairman .
Some analysts have said that Merck 's liability for Vioxx may run as high as $ 30 billion .
Walkie-talkies graduate from backyard toys to digital assistants that let hikers communicate across several miles , let parents keep up with children in neighborhood or let people at one end of water park talk to friends or family at other end ; manufacturers include Motorola , Uniden , Cobra and Audiovox ; photos ( M )
In a battle between two titans in the global telecommunications industry , the American Telephone & Telegraph Company moved today to block Britain 's biggest telephone company from gaining broader access to the United States market until A.T. & T. is allowed to compete in Britain .
''I think we 've woken up to Microsoft , '' said David Nagel , AT & T 's chief technology officer .
The Government has some incriminating evidence that includes meeting notes typed by Marc Andreessen of Netscape suggesting a ''threat '' that Microsoft would take the browser market for its Windows 95 operating system and ''that Netscape should stay away . ''
Cliff Freeman & Partners , New York , a part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C. , said yesterday that it had been named agency of record for the Fox Sports Network in Los Angeles , a division of the Fox Broadcasting Company unit of the News Corporation .
''By 2008 , Kodak will be the digital company I came here to run , '' the chief executive , Antonio M. Perez , said .
testing business to Johnson & Johnson 's sole competitor , the Home Access Health Corporation , which makes the Home Access test kit .
The Government suit is similar in many ways to Microsoft 's five-year-long legal fight with Apple Computer over the issue of copying Apple 's Macintosh software .
And they complained that the jewelry arrived in boxes of a different hue from Tiffany 's famous robin's-egg blue .
''It 's endless frustration , '' said Henry Berghoef of Harris Associates , a Chicago firm that holds shares of Time Warner .
Once you start to think about it , you notice shrouding almost everywhere , like the features that add to the price of a new car , the warranty from Best Buy , the burgers at the ballpark and the surcharge Ticketmaster puts on concert tickets .
Morgan Stanley & Company , reflecting recent changes in financial markets and its own rapid growth , reorganized itself yesterday into two main divisions , securities and asset management , and named Peter F. Karches to head its newly integrated securities business .
In the Los Angeles case , Dennis B. Kass , the lead lawyer for Allstate , is using a relatively new California law that permits insurers to seek three times the amount of their losses in hopes that staggering financial penalities will discourage lawyers and doctors at the center of the rings from having a try at what , until now , has proved to be a lucrative illegal business with little likelihood of serious consequences .
Hoping to avoid a restatement of its first-quarter earnings , the El Paso Corporation entered into a questionable power trade in August with Morgan Stanley , one of its Wall Street investment bankers , according to people who have examined the transaction .
Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , disputed the concern that the market was limited , and said the company might have trouble meeting holiday demand .
After agreeing to pay nearly $ 300 million to settle accusations that they helped Enron defraud investors , J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup face new hurdles to recover money they lent to the company and to reach a favorable settlement with its shareholders .
Another wrote : ''I hate the new Apple .
Nordstrom Inc names Fallon McElligott in Minneapolis as first agency to handle branding assignment for chain ; billings not determined ( S )
Another Microsoft proposal , according to people close to the talks , has been to offer standard prices , adjusted for the volume , to PC makers licensing the company 's industry-standard Windows operating system -- addressing the allegation in the antitrust case that Microsoft has used Windows pricing as a way to reward friendly companies and punish companies that deal closely with Microsoft foes .
State financial filings in California show that Mr. Jackson owes millions of dollars to the Bank of America .
Mr. Lananna had always outfitted his team in Nike 's cheapest and least structured shoe .
European Regulators Seek More Evidence in Microsoft Inquiry
Huge companies like General Electric and Chevron now have separate businesses to market what they are calling environment-friendly products .
If things had gone as planned , Ms. Behar would have roamed the studio , testing the audience members ' Campbell 's Soup-eating etiquette .
Correction : August 28 , 2006 , Monday An article in Business Day on Thursday about the selection of David L. Calhoun , a vice chairman at General Electric , as chairman and chief executive of the VNU Group , misspelled the name of a unit of VNU .
The personal computer forces , led by Microsoft , are already moving up the computing food chain from their desktop stronghold .
Rather than abandoning its licensing practices altogether , however , Apple could adopt a tiered licensing schedule , where it charges more for machines sold in the high end of the market .
The Justice Department is investigating Microsoft 's contracts with Web site operators , known in the industry as Internet content providers .
John Rodman , group product manager for the Xbox platform and Xbox Live , pointed to a recent Microsoft survey that revealed that nearly 40 percent of the time that Xbox 360 users spent with their consoles was for activities other than gaming .
Indeed , in many ways this point in time for Morgan Stanley represented the perfect fruition of the Dean Witter-Morgan Stanley merger .
Verizon Communications to freeze guaranteed pension plan covering 50,000 managers and expand their 401 ( k ) plans instead ; will also contribute less to managers ' health care benefits after retirement , with goal of saving about $ 3 billion over next decade ; chief executive Ivan G Seidenberg says company must compete with rivals that do not offer such extensive benefits ; photo ; Verizon 's 200,000 retirees and 105,000 current union employees are not affected , although company could seek similar concessions in next contract talks ; other Bell companies may also follow suit ; Verizon is highly profitable , earning $ 1.9 billion in third quarter , but expects retirement costs to rise rapidly and also has to absorb 30,000 MCI workers when merger is completed ( M )
One charge , of $ 33.6 million , previously disclosed , related to the plans by Interpublic to end its involvement in a money-losing motor sports division , including leases on an auto-racing track .
This is not the first time that Wal-Mart has altered its uniforms .
''The technology now exists to build the projectors , '' said Doug Darrow , the manager for market and business development of the electronic projector business of Texas Instruments .
The Ford Motor Company will warn buyers of its sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks about limits on how much weight they can carry safely in their vehicles .
American advertising for Amazon had been handled for three and a half years by the San Francisco office of FCB Worldwide , part of True North Communications , which created attention-getting campaigns like a series of television commercials that spoofed variety shows of the 1960 's .
Intel executives Tuesday pointed to developments in chip-making that are enabling it to pack more features into its processors .
''No one anticipated how much consumers would feel the pull of the $ 9.99-to- $ 14.99 impulse buy at Wal-Mart .
The government 's privatization ministry was closed yesterday for a holiday and did not issue a list , but news accounts said that ChevronTexaco , BP , Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch/Shell , Petronas and Saudi Aramco were among the foreign oil companies making initial bids .
The PNC Financial Corporation , the prosperous Pittsburgh banking company , which grew rapidly in the 1980 's to become the 16th largest in the country , yesterday named a new president , James E. Rohr .
One way to monitor what Exxon Mobil does with its money is to compare the amount it distributes to shareholders , via share repurchases and dividends , with the amount it invests in capital spending , exploration and research and development .
''We 're trying to move the business to where the Morgan Stanley brand has always been . ''
Verizon said it would spend $ 23 billion on its fiber optic network by 2010 .
I.B.M .
Article contends that while browsing program is intended to be kind of universal viewer , a technological passport to see all that World Wide Web has to offer , it is becoming casualty of spirited competition between Netscape Communications and Microsoft ; single browser is no longer window onto entire Web and many Internet experts predict problem will worsen over next year or so ( M )
Under the Identrus system , those digital certificates will be certified by banks , an extra measure of security that Microsoft says should enhance the public 's trust in online transactions .
In a hastily called meeting with reporters at the Pentagon , Dr. Marvin R. Sambur , the Air Force 's assistant secretary for acquisition , said delays in approving the plan would be ''very difficult on the Air Force and very difficult on Boeing . ''
If the deal is completed , Mr. McCaw will own roughly $ 1 billion of A.T. & T. stock , and his family will collectively become A.T. & T. 's largest independent shareholders .
But on the critical measurement of gross profit margin , Intel clearly disappointed , indicating the price war with its smaller rival Advanced Micro Devices continued to take a toll .
Citigroup and Bank of America report healthy profits .
Apple Computer , the self-styled rebel of the American computer industry , has removed images of the Dalai Lama from an advertising campaign in Asia for fear of offending China .
Stock in Morgan Stanley Group Inc. , parent of the brokerage firm , closed at $ 67.625 on Friday , down $ 2.25 on the day , but up substantially from a price below $ 58 before the merger announcement .
Congress is about to pass a law that would let AT & T , currently a long-distance carrier , enter the market for local phone service .
The company also said it would build a more comprehensive program around trading posts -- eBay parlance for dropoff locations .
The Microsoft-Netscape collaboration is a pragmatic accommodation in response to growing public concerns about privacy on line -- worries that threaten to slow the growth of Internet commerce and possibly lead to Government regulation .
They have also renewed Travelocity 's similar deal with Yahoo , another Internet search service .
Altria owns 88.6 percent of Kraft 's stock .
's inquiry relates to a larger payment that AOL agreed to make to Bertelsmann soon before America Online completed its acquisition of Time Warner .
One of the Boeing lobbyists ' first moves after Sept. 11 was to prod the Air Force to reconsider the 767 lease deal , which had stalled months before .
And if AT & T had insisted on proceeding with the public stock offering , the Bank of America appraisal might have dictated that AT & T could sell only a small portion of its Time Warner Entertainment shares -- not its full stake .
Pfizer 's announcement came on the same day it announced that its earnings for the fourth quarter of 2006 , excluding special items , fell to 43 cents a share , from 49 cents in the same period a year earlier .
Maytag solicited offers from more than two dozen buyers , but it never approached Whirlpool because it thought the combination would never get past regulators , according to executives close to the deal .
Microsoft PowerPoint , laptop computers and digital projectors have brought corporate presentations into the electronic age .
While Motorola said earnings declined from a year ago , the results were stronger than expected .
Shares of the Computer Sciences Corporation climbed more than 4 percent yesterday and set a 52-week high after the company said it had hired Goldman Sachs for advice on a possible sale of the company .
Mr. Isdell , who is 61 , faces a number of challenges to reviving Coca-Cola .
A version of I.B.M .
Like Ms. Felix and Ms. Aniles , most of the other former ConAgra workers are Mexican immigrants .
Correction : June 8 , 2005 , Wednesday An article in Business Day on Monday about plans by Apple Computer to shift from the PowerPC microprocessor to Intel chips for its Macintosh line referred incorrectly to a report last month in The Wall Street Journal about Apple 's plans .
Citigroup , which has announced thousands of job cuts and layoffs affecting lower-level employees , said its criteria for determining the compensation awarded its co-chief executives included the successful completion of the merger ; ''disappointing earnings performance in some businesses '' but a strong showing from the bank 's consumer business ; early and active completion of cross-selling initiatives , and an aggressive approach to restructuring the company and cutting expenses .
The company will also introduce a new so-called thin-client desktop terminal called the B50 , powered by the Power PC chip that I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Microsoft executives appeared yesterday to be paving the way for a complete and formal split with Sun in case they lose in court .
Although it works with some third-party programs , do n't count on it to copy settings from all non-Microsoft browsers , e-mail programs or other software or to find documents that are n't where Windows expects them to be .
L-3 Said to Be In Deal for Unit Of Raytheon For $ 1.1 Billion
Cablevision Systems has abandoned its plan to bid for Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV satellite television operation , people close to the company said yesterday , leaving Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation as the sole suitor for Hughes .
THE Priceline strategy has been applied to hotel rooms , rental cars , mortgages , groceries , new cars , castoff household appliances and , as announced just last month , gasoline , but it will not work everywhere .
There is Xerox , of course .
He grew up in tiny Watertown , S.D. , and , in 1963 , armed with a doctorate in chemical engineering from the University of Minnesota , he joined Exxon as a production research engineer .
Heinz U.S.A. , a division of the H. J. Heinz Company in Pittsburgh , yesterday named the DDB Needham Chicago unit of Omnicom Group as its lead agency for advertising , handling brands like Heinz ketchup and Heinz Home Style gravies .
Oracle Corp , which is set to square off in court against Justice Department over its proposed hostile takeover of PeopleSoft , will portray Microsoft Corp as guardian of competition and welcome new entrant in global market for back-office software ; has vilified Microsoft in past , and new tune is intended to counter Justice Department 's argument that merger with PeopleSoft would be anticompetitive by reducing number of major rivals in business software market ; photos ( M )
Marriott has been the defendant in at least five lawsuits in recent years from owners who contend it engages in mismanagement and fraud , overcharges for supplies and services , unfairly pockets vendor rebates and withholds financial records .
A.T. & T. is negotiating to buy a third of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. for $ 3.8 billion , a move that would increase the growth of both the established cellular-telephone industry and the nascent personal-communication services technology .
Mr. Coleman said the issues raised in the dispute were largely resolved in Halliburton 's favor .
And Kodak 's business in writeable compact disks , which turned a tidy profit in the first quarter , racked up losses in the third quarter , when competition drove CD prices from $ 4 to below $ 2 .
Yahoo is also introducing several other e-mail features and improving the function that searches for text in messages , a feature that Google has made central to Gmail .
Shares of Staples were little changed .
I.B.M .
Historically , AT & T has rivaled the Army as an employer that welcomed minorities and people with only high-school educations , offering training and retraining and the opportunity to rise through the ranks over a lifetime career .
Underscoring the importance of the search was the fact that the news release yesterday on Mr. Blamer 's hiring came from Interpublic rather than Foote Cone , and carried statements from both David A .
complaint is the culmination of an investigation begun 18 months ago , which was touched off by a request from Exxon Mobil in March 2001 .
For months , Microsoft executives have said the company needs to wait until its antitrust problems are effectively resolved before it can seriously consider a program to spend some of its cash reserves of more than $ 50 billion .
Last year , around the time that CBS agreed to pay an estimated $ 15 million a year to lure Katie Couric away from NBC , it spent several million dollars more in licensing fees to coax another nationally known television personality from the NBC station in New York to the one owned by CBS : Judge Judy .
Managed care companies that pulled out of areas across country few years ago are returning now that federal Medicare reimbursement rates have gone up ; Bush administration 's plan caled for $ 46 billion to be pumped into these health insurance programs over next 10 years ; number of Medicare beneficiaries enrolling in managed care plans has started to rise in Hernando County , Fla ; Humana Inc 's chief executive Michael McCallister comments ; map ; chart ( M )
They include wage and benefit increases , stock options , greater job security and more flexibility to organize in Verizon 's fast-growing wireless division .
''A whole generation has never been exposed to Kodak , '' said Brian Schwartz , who owns a new Kodak Express lab in the Woodmead Shopping Center , in a white neighborhood in northeastern Johannesburg .
The proposed standard for handling personal information , led by Netscape , Microsoft and the Firefly Network Inc. , a software company in Cambridge , Mass. , has been endorsed by 100 companies .
Mr. Dunlop said Mr. Grove viewed the company 's rising market share and fast-growing work force as greatly increasing the risk of antitrust problems for Intel .
Boeing Received Orders for 656 Planes in '98
Top executives at the AT & T Corporation have pored over 10,000 resumes in the last few months , the first wave of more than 100,000 they expect to review by summer .
Meanwhile , Merck has risen 11 percent this year .
Officials at General Motors said they got wind of the move Wednesday night .
Some of Mr. McCaw 's resulting fortune was plowed into rescuing Nextel , a nearly bankrupt wireless carrier that was attempting to break into the crowded cellular market using digital radio communications technology developed by Motorola .
Scott Brodrick , Apple 's product manager for displays , said 100 dots per inch would be the limit for the foreseeable future .
Competitive Media Reporting says auto makers , traditionally nation 's largest advertisers , nailed down industry 's premier position even more securely in 1996 by raising their ad spending 9.4 percent over 1995 ; reports auto industry as a whole spent $ 11.6 billion on advertising , or more than 17 percent of $ 66.7 billion that nation 's advertisers spent ; General Motors Corp spent $ 1.61 bilion ; Chrysler Corp , number 4 , spent $ 1.07 billion , while Ford Motor Co , number 5 , spent $ 843 million ; sandwiched between car makers were Procter & Gamble and Philip Morris , respectively number 2 and number 3 ; other rankings noted ( L )
's archrival , Ford Motor , reported a different pattern .
`` We 've had a series of meaningful and helpful discussions , '' said Robert Kavner , the executive in charge of A.T. & T. 's Multimedia Products and Services business .
The News Corporation 's takeover of DirecTV would give Rupert Murdoch control of the two main satellite television operators in Latin America and a virtual monopoly in Brazil , the region 's largest market .
Microsoft issued a brief statement yesterday saying that the Justice Department had notified the company that it would receive ''a written request for information '' from the department 's antitrust division .
The planned surge in Microsoft patent activity would come at a time when it faces increasing competition from open source software like the Linux operating system , which is distributed free .
The Sony offers more manual controls , but the Kodak has more canned scene presets ( Beach , Portrait and so on ) .
Jeanmarie McFadden , a spokeswoman for Morgan Stanley , said similar concerns arose when the company bought Van Kampen but proved not to be an issue .
I.B.M .
Whatever you call them , mockery of Mr. Gates and the Microsoft Corporation is flourishing in E-mail exchanges , on the World Wide Web and on commercially available CD-ROM 's .
The announcement that Apple would all but abandon Rhapsody stunned the audience of 3,000 programmers who had assembled for the company 's annual software developers conference .
Jerker M. Johansson , the head of equities , and Neal Shear , who runs the firm 's fixed-income department , were named co-chiefs of Morgan Stanley 's sales and trading division , new positions that underscore the importance of trading to Morgan Stanley 's profitability .
The problem was not present on the EgyptAir 767 that crashed on Sunday , said John Dern , a Boeing spokesman who is in Newport for the investigation of that crash .
The Ford Motor Company said that it expected to get more than $ 100 million worth of components from Indian parts makers in the next two years .
Driven largely by a strong performance at its cable and cable programming businesses , Time Warner said its earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization -- often considered a more accurate sign of performance for debt-laden companies like Time Warner -- rose 32 percent , to $ 1.273 billion , a 25 percent increase compared with results from the quarter a year earlier .
Microsoft did not give a projection for Windows XP revenues , but Mr. Connors suggested that internal expectations had been scaled back somewhat recently .
PC Data , a market research company , recently calculated that Apple had doubled its share of the domestic computer market in 1998 , to 10 percent , in large part because of the sale of 800,000 iMac computers since the model was introduced less than five months ago .
It 's unfortunate that Apple has chosen to keep Jon Rubinstein under wraps . ''
The Omnicom Group in New York is acquiring the Grizzard Communications Group in Atlanta from the Marketing Services Group in New York for $ 91.3 million in cash .
Looking ahead , Intel forecast third-quarter revenue in a range of $ 9.6 billion to $ 10.2 billion , with a gross profit margin for the quarter of about 60 percent , plus or minus a couple of percentage points .
But Mr. Galvin was not ready to abandon Motorola 's previous projections that a recovery will begin in the first half of next year .
In its latest filing , Microsoft said that Mr. Lessig had refused to disqualify himself , apparently after conferring with the judge who appointed him , Thomas Penfield Jackson of United States District Court in Washington .
In issuing the downgrades , Moody 's said the region 's prospects were further threatened by severe financial problems in Japan .
So far , only Motorola has announced it will license the Pause patent for its future line of personal video recorders .
Sun decided to sue after Microsoft last week began distributing millions of copies of Internet Explorer 4.0 , which includes a version of the Java language .
Wal-Mart said yesterday that it had begun testing a mail-order DVD rental service through its Web site , Walmart.com .
''I 'm not sure whether it will catch on or not , but I think it is important that a company with the stature and prestige of I.B.M .
Mr. Rogers announced that NBC had entered into a strategic alliance with Value Vision and GE Equity , the equity arm of GE Capital , a subsidiary of NBC 's parent company , General Electric , that will deliver a 15 percent stake to NBC and GE Equity in exchange for $ 44 million .
The majority view , she wrote in her dissenting opinion , seemed to mean Microsoft could bundle anything into its Windows operating system merely by ''identifying some minimal synergy associated with such 'integration . '
John B Evans , former senior executive at News Corp and publisher of newspaper Village Voice , dies at age 66 ( M )
Now , advertising for Oldsmobile will switch to mostly promotional marketing from brand building , said Ronald L. Zarrella , president for North American operations at General Motors in Detroit .
The suit argued among other things that the $ 10 million makeup giveaway that year essentially benefited McDonald 's .
This , the two of them said , was a serious threat to Microsoft 's power .
If the corrective actions are suspended pending the appeal , ''the harm will be irreparable , '' said Ed Black , president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association , a critic of Microsoft in antitrust actions on both sides of the Atlantic .
The newly released information indicates that a week before the Dallas meeting , the Corps of Engineers and Halliburton participated in a large workshop in Baghdad that also included representatives of the Iraqi oil ministry and the ruling Coalition Provisional Authority to draw up a detailed plan for rebuilding much of the Iraqi oil industry by the end of March 2004 .
General Motors and the Korea Development Bank have completed virtually all details of the agreement , which calls for General Motors to pay $ 400 million for a controlling stake in a new company that will emerge from the deal .
Apple still has legal action pending against two other men in the case , which was filed in December in federal court in San Jose , Calif .
MAKE A MASTERPIECE ( I.B.M .
Boeing has not made any specific demands of the state of Washington in relation to the 7E7 project .
Boeing , the Seattle-based aviation giant that built every current plane in El Al 's fleet , was favored by the company chairman and its board and , it was widely believed , by the Israeli Government .
While the researchers at Intel and Santa Barbara are betting on indium phosphide , Japanese scientists in a related effort are pursuing a different material , the chemical element erbium .
The challenge that General Motors , Delphi and the United Automobile Workers have encountered in their talks on early retirement programs reflects the complexity in devising the perfect buyout .
While the Jones Apparel Group posted solid first-quarter results this week , some analysts are wondering whether the company can sustain its performance in light of a lingering feud with Ralph Lauren .
Investors responded by sending Apple 's shares up $ 6.5625 today , to $ 26.3125 , their highest since May 1996 , and making the stock the day 's most heavily traded , with more than 37 million shares exchanged .
Last year , he cited fraud and abuse on eBay as major problems -- an overdue admission , in the view of many company critics who contend that eBay tends to sweep such problems under the rug .
In the last few weeks , Federal and state investigators have been taking depositions from four Intel employees , including Mr. Grove , people close to the investigation said .
Indian unit of Coca-Cola will sell 49 percent of its wholly owned bottling subsidiary to Indian institutions and investors and to its employees as government-imposed deadline is about to expire ; when government allowed Coca-Cola to return to India in 1997 after absence of nearly four decades , it imposed five-year deadline for it to put part of ownership of business into Indian hands ; Coca-Cola appealed repeatedly to government to have requirement dropped or get extension of deadline , with no success ; shares of Hindustan Coca-Cola will be sold for 10 rupees ( 20 cents ) apiece , with about 39 percent of company 's total shares to go to company 's business partners and to investors in private placements ; 10 percent will be sold to employees and others ( M )
Clicking on Explorer 5.0 's radio buttons brings up Microsoft 's Windows Media Player .
American and European trade negotiators trade barbs as dispute over aircraft subsidies turns caustic ; Peter Mandelson , European trade commissioner , accuses Robert B Zoellick , former US trade representative and now deputy secretary of state , of essentially taking instructions from Boeing Co , party in dispute ; Zoellick accuses Mandelson of conducting trade talks through media ( M )
ACCURACY -- Some competitors will cringe at the declaration that Microsoft products , especially its Windows operating system , are ''great software . ''
Still , America Online and Sun also have a longer-term objective that promises to place them in more direct conflict with Microsoft .
The average age of passengers on Royal Caribbean is 45 , and the company is seeking to attract people earning $ 35,000 and up , Mr. Fain said .
And in another sign that eBay occupies a parallel universe to most of its rivals , revenue from advertising -- a market that has been devastated -- rose 129 percent , to $ 25 million .
With shareholders impatient with Citigroup 's sluggish stock price , the job cuts will put its chief executive , Charles O .
For its third fiscal quarter , which ended June 26 , Apple reported earnings of $ 101 million , or 65 cents a share , fully diluted , compared with a loss of $ 56 million in the comparable period a year ago .
The remarks that so irked him came after his legal ruling in April that Microsoft had repeatedly violated the nation 's antitrust laws with its predatory and anticompetitive behavior .
Microsoft 's goal in court was to suggest that it could not be considered an enduring monopoly if it was threatened by aggressive competitors like Sun .
Mr. Schultz said that while he did not want Starbucks to be in the business of hawking credit cards , he did want consumers to have a special place in their wallets for the Starbucks card .
''It 's just so Microsoft to throw something new like this at you and wring more out of the sponge , '' observed Cameron Scott , a member of the town 's technical staff .
Still , these deals are mainly distribution agreements with other companies , and do not require Apple to open its technology so that other music services and devices can work with the Apple offerings .
Comcast has said it is taking a cautious approach to the new technology , noting that despite its promise , Internet telephony is in its early stages .
Wells Fargo is now upgrading all its hardware , Mr. Chlebowski said .
Verizon Wireless counteraccused that the union was improperly using a brand name into which the company had invested millions of dollars .
Intel 's New Processor Line To Focus on Internet Links
Correction of Mar 5 article on Newell Rubbermaid 's acquisition of American Tool Cos , which misstated American Tool 's revenue
The transition to a new generation of video game consoles kicks off tonight at midnight when retailers begin selling Microsoft 's Xbox 360 .
Moody 's also said it would review several Hong Kong banks and the China National Offshore Oil Corporation for possible upgrading .
In sharp contrast to the Home Depot annual meeting last May that investors decried as unresponsive , Citigroup 's session yesterday dragged on .
Best Buy , the electronics merchant , earlier this month introduced a free fantasy football game on its Web site .
I.B.M .
The deal was the second in two days for Interpublic , coming after its Draft Direct Worldwide unit in Chicago agreed to acquire Adler Boschetto Peebles & Partners in New York .
If they can prove they have suffered damages , Microsoft may find itself hamstrung in court and possibly even facing injunctions against its software for years to come .
Mr. Scott first argues that the cost of such benefits would leave Wal-Mart at a competitive disadvantage but then , clearly annoyed , he suggests that the store manager is disloyal and should consider quitting .
The commission , however , responded by insisting that Omnicom senior executives would still have to testify at public hearings next week devoted to the paucity of minority managers on Madison Avenue .
He told employees that Microsoft would increase its advertising budget ''significantly '' over the next year , without being more specific , to help stir enthusiasm and deflect competitive threats .
Microsoft Corp and Compaq Computer Corp will each invest $ 212.5 million for 10 percent stakes in Road Runner , high-speed cable-modem joint venture of Time Warner Inc , Time Warner Entertainment/Advance-Newhouse and Mediaone Group ( M )
Citigroup has five other chief executives serving under Mr. Weill .
McCaw said , however , that it would remain independent , and A.T. & T. said it was happy with McCaw 's managers .
Palm Inc. Says I.B.M .
America Online does not seem to have strategy to achieve maximum value for Warner Brothers films from its proposed merger with Time Warner ; movie division seems to be part of merged company that would be least affected by deal , largely because Internet has not yet proved to be viable marketing tool for films and other brand-name products ; table compares Warner Brothers ' market share with competitors ; graphs on merger ( M )
While on the liability side , there is a straight line leading from the earliest antitrust cases to today 's ruling , Judge Jackson 's approved remedy -- breaking Microsoft in two -- arguably moves the case toward uncharted territory .
But the Moody 's report noted that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani moved last month to curtail spending in the current fiscal year , 2001 , and to limit a previously announced tax cut plan to try to ensure balanced budgets without major trauma .
American Express has maintained in court filings that it owns the legal rights to the slogan .
Magazine industry executives said Wal-Mart occasionally declines to sell particular issues of some magazines , including the September 2001 issue of InStyle that featured an artfully arranged nude photo of the actress Kate Hudson .
Viacom files wide-ranging lawsuit against Google , accusing it of 'massive copyright infringement ' ; is seeking more than $ 1 billion in damages and injunction prohibiting Google and YouTube from committing further infringement ; Google says it is still reviewing lawsuit but repeats past assertions that copyright law shield it from liability for clips posted by its users ; lawsuit is clearest sign yet of tension between Google and major media companies ; Viacom says clips of its television programming have been viewed 'an astounding 1.5 billion times ' on YouTube ; photo ( L )
Home Depot stores in the Northeast are holding free Saturday morning workshops for children ages 6 through 12 .
''Honeywell is again a secondary source for G.E .
Wendy Hall , a spokeswoman for Halliburton , said the Army 's decision was not related to a pending determination by the Defense Department on whether to withhold certain payments to the company because of accounting questions related to its work in Iraq .
Intel also benefited from a major effort to improve manufacturing efficiency , using a new process called .25 micron that squeezes more circuitry onto a smaller piece of silicon .
Some of the states in the antitrust case , according to people involved in the talks , and Microsoft 's competitors are concerned that the Justice Department has been moving toward too narrow a settlement .
And when things fall through the check lists , Apple 's designers take a SWAT team approach to fixing bugs .
Summary of woes besetting Xerox ; with computer printers taking over many of tasks once reserved for copiers , and Xerox stumbling in its efforts to produce competitive products , company has run into hard times ; photo ( S ) ( Special section on highlights of year 2000 )
A Family Feud at Molson as Profit Falls
But William P. Barr , an executive vice president and general counsel of GTE , argued , ''These companies formed a group , agreed not to compete , and as a group went to Netscape and Yahoo to gain an exclusive listing in the guide section of Netscape 's home page . ''
The risk that Wal-Mart may upset longtime customers with new approaches may be worth taking because , Ms. Kleinberg said , ''the biggest challenge '' faced by marketers today in a world saturated with ads ''is to be ignored . ''
The move by Verizon has sent a chill through the ranks of touring pop artists and agents , who are left scratching their heads over their vulnerability to such penalties .
However , in its home and entertainment products business , revenue was down for the quarter largely because Microsoft did not have a hit software title for its Xbox video game console during the Christmas quarter .
In more profitable times , Intel 's gross margins had been in the high 50 's , and even the low 60 's .
The Norfolk Southern Corporation failed to thwart a giant railroad merger between its rival , the CSX Corporation , and Conrail yesterday , when a Federal judge in Philadelphia refused to grant a preliminary injunction blocking the $ 8.5 billion deal .
ChevronTexaco 's second-quarter earnings declined 81 percent because of a slump in energy prices and a $ 531 million write-off that it took on its Dynegy investment .
Intuit , a supplier of tax and business management software , plans to announce today that it is starting an electronic marketplace for the small-business owners who use Intuit 's QuickBooks software .
3 Racy Men 's Magazines Are Banned by Wal-Mart
General Motors Corp , which introduced country 's first mass-produced electric vehicle in Southern California and Arizona five months ago , says demand is lackluster at best ; GM has found just 176 takers for its New Age $ 34,000 two-seater , known as the EV1 ; GM is carefully managing initial leasing of EV1 's -- the cars are not available for purchase -- to make sure the first batch of customers like what they get ; result has been that many EV1 drivers tend to be electric car enthusiasts who have been wanting for such a vehicle for years ; GM 's screening process for potential customers discussed ; graph ; photos ( L )
( His wife , Jane Harman , is a United States representative from California . )
But Wal-Mart has seized upon two loopholes : Foreign retailers are allowed to operate through franchisees , and they are also permitted to invest their own capital in wholesale shops ; Metro , the No .
Verizon Wireless will pay $ 236 million to acquire 24.2 percent of Sacramento Valley LP from Roseville Communications , increasing its interest in company to more than 76 percent ( S )
Wal-Mart , under fire for some labor practices and facing resistance to proposed new stores , is rolling out a program , already at 584 stores , to recycle shrink wraps , shopping bags and other plastic items that once went to landfills .
In addition to Xerox executive posts , he served on the boards of the New York Stock Exchange , Citibank , Union Carbide and Knight Ridder .
sold an SP-2 I.B.M .
While most of the trimming will come from West European countries , among them Germany , France and Italy , some will also be made in the United States , where I.B.M .
The changes Halliburton disclosed in its most recent annual report expand on the accounting shift the company made four years ago .
''And if Microsoft has any weakness , it is that it 's all over the place in so many businesses now .
Building on a yearlong recovery that has bolstered its stock price , Motorola Inc. said today that its third-quarter earnings rose sharply on soaring demand for its cellular telephones and a revival in sales of its semiconductor products .
USA Technologies and I.B.M. , which introduced the e-Port in December , are in negotiations on locations for the devices .
Income fell to $ 134 million from $ 139 million in newspapers , to $ 67 million from $ 73 million in magazines and inserts , and edged higher to $ 96 million from $ 95 million in television .
Employees and former employees of Microsoft Corp in Seattle suburb of Redmond , site of Microsoft headquarters , feel no immediate threat from Justice Department 's antitrust suit against Microsoft ; dominant view is that Microsoft will fight department because fighting -- and winning -- is what Microsoft does best ; Microsoft has produced half-dozen billionaires and more than 2,000 millionaires ; some Redmond residents comment ; photo ( L )
''This is the first contract we 've had with any company that is exclusive , '' she said , though she added that the district had used mostly Coca-Cola for the last 20 years .
Shares of Citigroup , the nation 's largest financial services company , fell 25 percent in two days early last week , as senators released information and held hearings about whether bankers at Salomon and J. P. Morgan Chase helped Enron conceal debt .
That 's one question being asked as Andrew Robertson settles in as president and chief executive at BBDO North America in New York , a post he assumed in April after serving as chief executive at a sibling agency , Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO in London , the largest British agency .
But while voices on Wall Street itself were talking down tech stocks , it was Microsoft 's president , Steven A. Ballmer , who had by far the most effect .
In-House Audit Says Wal-Mart Violated Labor Laws
''More than half of the productivity acceleration in the retailing of general merchandise can be explained by only two syllables : Wal-Mart , '' writes Bradford C. Johnson in a McKinsey Quarterly article ''The Wal-Mart Effect . ''
Among Xerox 's new products is a black-and-white office printer-copier that will sell for under $ 900 , less than half the typical price businesses had been paying for the company 's cheapest office equipment .
In a report posted on Thursday on its Web site accessible to clients , IDC said Microsoft had abandoned its goal of trying to overtake America Online as the largest online service .
Mr. Barksdale asked if Netscape 's ability to obtain technical information from Microsoft was conditioned on Netscape 's accepting the proposal .
Pfizer said yesterday that it would cut 7,800 workers , close several manufacturing and research sites and overhaul its business practices in hopes of coping with competition from cheaper generic drugs and setbacks in developing new products .
Aon , Insurance Broker , Plans Broad Reorganization
For his part , Mr. Jobs did not ascribe his decision to any pique with I.B.M. , of which Apple remains a customer for other chips .
Microsoft talked to Netscape about licensing its browser , then struck a deal with Spyglass in December 1994 for $ 2 million , for use with its Windows 95 operating system .
The Techtel survey , which has measured brand identities for a broad range of technology companies since 1992 , indicates that positive opinions about Microsoft among general business users declined by almost 10 percent during 1997 , the first significant falloff for the company since the survey began .
Brian Roberts , the president of Comcast , acknowledged yesterday that there was a trend toward national and global competitors in the wireless industry , making it harder for smaller operators .
As for the former AT & T Wireless workers , they say joining the union offers some job protection .
Access to the American market would expand Nike 's business in Vietnam by more than just the athletic shoes shipped to California , Texas or New York .
The Comcast commitment to the partnership did not impress some longtime critics of the company 's power .
William Quinn of Eastchester , NY , is charged with infiltrating Verizon internal computer , forcing company to retool its security system ; will plead not guilty ( M )
But when companies kept evolving toward an open system -- with brokers selling a wider array of financial products than just those their firms created , as in Merrill Lynch brokers pitching Fidelity mutual funds -- he supported a system favoring Morgan Stanley products .
Mr. Allen made about $ 600,000 when he exercised 16,539 shares on Oct. 30 , taking cash instead of shares , said Dick Gray , an AT & T spokesman .
''As we moved forward on or resolved several of our major legal issues , this seemed the appropriate time to do this , to begin paying a dividend , '' Mr. Connors of Microsoft said .
Citigroup suffered a blow in Japan last year when regulators ordered its private banking unit shut down because of manipulative sales practices and lax controls to prevent money laundering .
For its third quarter , which ended July 1 , Apple reported earnings of $ 163 million , or 45 cents a share , a penny more a share than analysts estimated .
''This is a customer-driven information technology world now , and this move by Microsoft is partly an accommodation to its corporate customers , '' said Gary Beach , publisher of CIO magazine , whose audience is mainly the chief information officers of companies .
He reiterated his belief that Microsoft had done nothing wrong .
Seven months later , he testified , Microsoft did just that , in an effort to eliminate ''the threat posed by Java technology to Microsoft 's operating system monopoly . ''
''The issue going forward , '' said John B. Jones Jr. , an analyst for Salomon Smith Barney , ''is how much of an impact this environment is going to have on I.B.M .
Nevertheless , a memo written in 2004 by Hank McKinnell , the chief executive of Pfizer , urging corporations to buy and promote Proxy Governance 's services just as the firm was opening for business , raises questions about whether the advisory firm 's Pfizer recommendation reflects an unbiased point of view or a relationship with the company and its top executive .
NorthPoint , based in San Francisco , served several big-name Internet providers , including Telocity and the Microsoft Network .
Instead , in October 2001 , Microsoft announced a plan to build a $ 600 million 2.95-million-square-feet satellite campus for 12,000 employees in Issaquah , a half-hour drive to the south .
By using their buying power to support organic fiber , Levi Strauss , Nike and the Gap want to encourage farmers who would be reluctant to risk the investment required for organic planting without purchase contracts , even though organic cotton sells for up to $ 1.30 a pound , compared with about 74 cents for the traditional crop .
Wal-Mart originally said it would consider expanding the program beyond Florida after January , but in response to strong demand and a positive response from elected leaders , it has rushed to introduce it across the country .
Moreover , in October , Xerox promised investors that it would soon raise $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion by selling assets .
Volkswagen 's new truck and bus factory in Resende , Brazil , is expected to revolutionize auto manufacturing by man who designed it , Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua ; plant transforms Volkswagen from a manufacturer into a contractor , overseeing work of other companies ; eight major subcontractors have their own shops along assembly line , where their workers assemble components ; only 20 percent of workers in plant are Volkswagen employees , and they are responsible only for overall quality control , marketing , and research and design ; Volkswagen says new system will reduce number of defective parts , improve efficiency and cut costs ; subcontractors ' assembly-line workers are paid a third as much as auto workers ; Lopez quit General Motors in 1993 because it would not build his 'dream factory ' ; GM accused Lopez of stealing its plans for 'Plant X ' and building it for Volkswagen ; diagram ; photo ; map ( M )
The dispute involves a trust created by Mr. Di Stefano , whose late wife , Doris , inherited United Parcel Service stock from her father , a former U.P.S .
Former General Motors purchasing vice president Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua is indicted on charges of defrauding GM by taking boxes of its confidential papers with him when he jumped to top Volkswagen job in 1993 , federal court ; Justice Department says it will seek his extradition from Spain ; his lawyer says Lopez , who left Volkswagen in 1996 , denies charges , but will not come to United States and can not be extradited against his will ; photo ( M )
Fortified by the judge 's partial verdict last month in the government 's antitrust case against the software giant , lawyers nationwide have filed about 70 private suits against Microsoft in the last month .
Chevron , one of the biggest producers in Nigeria , has begun evacuating hundreds of workers and suspending nonessential offshore activities in the after four workers were seized from a construction vessel last week .
If conditions do not improve for blacks , though , he has said he may even call for a national boycott of Coca-Cola products .
But the risk to Corning and to Nortel , which competes head to head with the larger Lucent Technologies , would be for the rest of the industry to perceive the two companies as so closely in league that their rivals might be reluctant to do business with either .
Each time he visits the United States , where he has two daughters in college , Mr. Liu said he is struck by the number of news channels on cable .
Additionally , it was announced that CBS news anchor Bob Schieffer , who has not only stabilized the newscast but attracted some 300,000 new viewers , will be staying on as a contributing correspondent based in Washington .
But Mr. Maritz noted that Real Networks continues to compete with Microsoft nonetheless .
Then Aetna invoked an ''all products '' policy , rare among managed care companies , that meant Genesis doctors who refused H.M.O .
By building up Carter , Berlind into a big retail brokerage power in the 1980 's , and taking over a beaten-down consumer finance company in 1986 , he ended up with Citigroup , which gets 60 percent of its profits from consumer finance .
''Now , it 's Ford Motor Company 's responsibility to lead this company in a positive direction -- which means using the skills , experience and dedication to quality that U.A.W .
Toyota RAV4 's along with six other makes and models were wrapped in orange and yellow vinyl , turning them into rolling advertisements for Reese 's Puffs , a sweetened breakfast cereal from General Mills .
Making Moody 's a separate company is a risky move for the surviving entity , the Dun & Bradstreet Operating Company .
Beginning Dec. 2 , Delta Air Lines will begin flying the Boeing 767-300ER aircraft between Kennedy International Airport in New York and Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix .
Correction : August 4 , 2004 , Wednesday A headline in Business Day yesterday with an article about I.B.M .
Procter & Gamble Co puts the Internet address www.flu.com up for sale at $ 1.4 million ; address does not lead to World Wide Web site , and it never has ; because virtually all catch Web addresses ending in '.com ' have already been claimed , value of such unused names has risen sharply ( M )
But Honeywell 's share of the judgment was actually much greater than the amount of liability the jury assigned .
Intel said it intended to reduce its work force from 87,000 to 82,000 by the end of the year and accelerate cost-saving efforts announced last month .
Coca-Cola Earnings Rise 12 % on Some Strong International Sales
Oracle Corp will pay $ 5.85 billion to acquire Siebel Systems , its largest competitor in market for sales automation programs ; deal will bolster Oracle 's effort to topple its German rival SAP as leading seller of business applications software for big corporations ; Oracle 's chief executive Lawrence J Ellison comments ; photo ( M )
Article profiles Robert F Greenhill , longtime Wall Street deal maker hired by Justice Department to advise it in its antitrust negotiations with Microsoft Corp ; photo ( M )
Among its disclosures , Cisco said it had reached deals to acquire four private technology companies , but it said the purchase prices would depend on whether the companies met certain objectives .
Yahoo is also encouraging users to download the software directly onto their devices .
The deal , proposed by House Republicans and considered likely to be accepted by the Senate , would make it comparatively easy for the Bell companies to offer long-distance service and would be a big defeat for companies like AT & T , MCI Communications and Sprint that have fought hard for numerous restrictions on the local phone companies .
Microsoft Co-Founder Puts Different Spin on Sports
Tiffany 's ''something for everyone '' approach is the company 's attempt to lure consumers with disposable income who may consider the retailer and its gems and trinkets too snooty for their tastes and too costly for their wallets .
Bucking a gloomy trend in Brazil 's auto industry , the Ford Motor Company has increased production at its plant in the state of Bahia to meet rising demand across Latin America for its new sport utility vehicle , the EcoSport .
Boeing shares , which rose $ 7.375 , to $ 113.875 , yesterday , could reach $ 125 within three to six months and $ 150 within 12 to 18 months , he said , reaffirming an aggressive ''buy '' rating on the stock .
Unveiling a colorful array of sleek machines that more closely resemble a pack of Life Savers than a new computer line , Apple Computer 's interim chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , today introduced the second generation of the company 's popular iMac computers .
''We want them to decide on their own that we are the right partner , '' said Joseph C. Guyaux , head of retailing banking at PNC .
Aetna reported a tenfold jump in profits in the second quarter yesterday as its struggle to recover from a money-losing spiral began to show signs of success .
For the time being , Eric Molson appears to have the upper hand .
After making a bad bet on analog technology over digital , Motorola has tried to seize upon the Internet and has begun developing devices , including cellular telephones , that deliver Internet access .
Another facet of the Apple-Microsoft deal is the companies ' plan to jointly develop a version of Java , the Internet software language .
For the first time , Wal-Mart Stores is becoming a major sponsor of a reality television show , by signing a branded-entertainment agreement with ABC for ''The Scholar , '' a summer series that begins a six-week run on Monday night .
Moreover , said Georges Nahon , the director of Microsoft 's European Internet unit in Paris , Microsoft is also looking for ways into digital subscriber line technologies for offering high-speed Internet access .
Merck faces a criminal investigation , a raft of plaintiff suits and severe damage to its reputation over its arthritis drug Vioxx , which Merck abruptly stopped selling in September after acknowledging Vioxx caused heart attacks .
Warden , the Microsoft lawyer , responded that the arrangements were simply ''promotional marketing agreements , very common tools of competition , just like Pepsi makes a deal with Pizza Hut to feature Pepsi exclusively . ''
Ever since Judge Jackson 's strongly worded findings of fact in November , the expectation has been that the verdict , when it comes , would find that Microsoft violated the nation 's antitrust laws .
Mr. Scott , who has already expanded Wal-Mart 's health care benefits , responded , beginning a confidential series of conversations that culminated in today 's news conference .
AOL , Yahoo and others have intensified their focus on travel category in last year , beefing up destination features , introducing tools and scooping up new users and marketers ; trend has online travel agencies bracing for possibility that portals could one day evolve into full-fledged competitors ; photo ( M )
Mr. Halpern noted that Verizon provided around 30 million primary phone lines to consumers and that the unions were threatening to try to persuade as many as 10 percent of its customers to switch .
Mr. Anderson , who retired in 1988 , was president of Rockwell International from 1970 until 1979 , when he became its chairman and chief executive .
Morgan Stanley , which has built its presence in China through a joint venture with the China Construction Bank , managed the biggest Chinese offering so far , a $ 5.7 billion sale by the wireless phone operator China Unicom .
The BlackBerry 's biggest competition comes from Motorola , whose new T900 is a sort of stripped-down BlackBerry that is considerably less expensive .
But that is what McDonald 's appears to have done in France .
And more than a million former and current female Wal-Mart employees are part of a sex discrimination lawsuit that the company is fighting .
And that makes it difficult to determine the relative regulatory merits of the AT & T and Comcast bids for Mediaone .
Microsoft must do nothing ''that undermines , frustrates , interferes with , or makes more difficult '' the reorganization .
In mid-April , Intel had predicted sales of $ 6.4 billion to $ 7 billion for the quarter , which ends June 28 , and said gross margins would be about 50 percent .
Yahoo Planning to Add 100 Web Sites for Entertainment
But last October , Mr. Welland contends , after the merged company announced plans to reduce costs , Citigroup officials began investigating him , basing the inquiry on an anonymous letter that they refused to show him .
Mr. Leahy said that Boeing would have a hard time making a profit reselling the airplanes , but Sean Griffin , a Boeing spokesman , disagreed .
General Motors Corp names Mullen Advertising as first advertising agency for its certified used-car program ( S )
Merck 's problems are temporary , resulting mainly from the unpredictable pace of new drug discovery , and Merck will be in strong shape when he retires , he said .
The other runners-up are Thomas Cockrell , Holiday Reinhorn , and Paul Rusconi , whose stories are available on Amazon .
Mr. Bossidy retired as Honeywell 's chief executive when his former company , Allied Signal , merged with Honeywell Inc. in 1999 to form Honeywell International .
Intel 's news followed the announcement in October that Cisco Systems would invest $ 1.1 billion and triple its work force in India to more than 4,000 from 1,400 in three years .
Procter & Gamble Co consolidates worldwide account for its Clearasil brand products at Grey Advertising ; billings estimated at $ 40 million to $ 50 million ( S )
Even at Gap , which often describes its sales as ''disappointing , '' the December results appeared to jolt executives .
The defeat of Garry Kasparov in his decisive match against I.B.M .
Boeing also says the 777-200LR is extremely fuel-efficient , and will also be the world 's long-range passenger jet leader in efficiently hauling cargo along with people , an important source of airline revenue .
Just last week , the online Apple iTunes music store sold the billionth song since the service was introduced three years ago .
American Express Co names John McDonnell chief financial officer of its travel related services unit ( S )
The jury received the case after a two-hour closing argument from the plaintiff 's lawyer , Christopher Seeger , who urged jurors to hold Merck accountable for hiding information about Vioxx 's heart risks from doctors .
But while the Spyglass story to date -- a rise , fall and a recent effort to reinvent itself -- helps show why there are concerns about the extent of Microsoft 's market power , it also indicates why Government intervention would be so tricky , risking a remedy from Washington that might well be worse than any perceived flaw in the working of fast-moving high-technology markets .
on Friday and released yesterday , Mr. Cheney said he had exercised options on 650,000 shares of Halliburton and sold the shares , earning a profit of $ 18.5 million before taxes .
The new properties in the Here and Now edition were chosen by consumers who voted online last spring as part of a promotion Hasbro sponsored .
ChevronTexaco 's shifting priorities can be seen as a legitimate corporate move .
Instead of heading for the exits , investors pushed Nike 's stock higher .
''At the same time , I found many of Microsoft 's approaches in the new O.S .
The Salvation Army and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , each recipients of Wal-Mart funds , signed up to testify after they were contacted by Wal-Mart officials .
William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , speaking at Georgetown University this morning as part of a publicity tour for his new book , made not even an oblique mention of the antitrust case , and none of the students who asked him questions at the end of his presentation brought it up .
Indeed , the crucial factor in the collapse of negotiations with AOL Time Warner last week appeared to be Microsoft 's insistence that AOL , which is an online rival , drop support for the software of a bitter Microsoft competitor , RealNetworks ' RealPlayer program .
DDB Needham Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group is awarded Van Kampen American Capital account and Hershey Chocolate USA account ( S )
A Top Citigroup Executive Plans to Retire This Year
Meanwhile , publishers who face problems complying with Explorer 's standards worry that they will put an enormous amount of work into changing their systems , only to find that Microsoft has decided to change its standards with the next browser release in a manner that could take them back to the drawing board .
While Apple finalized the terms of the 4.8 million option grant in February 2001 , when its shares were trading at nearly $ 21 , the complaint says , Ms. Heinen caused Apple to backdate the grant to Jan. 17 , when Apple 's share price was $ 16.81 .
In fact , Apple upgraded its eMac line last week , boosting the G4 processor to 1.25 gigahertz in its $ 999 model ( with a DVD burner and an 80-gigabyte hard drive ) and in its $ 799 edition ( with a DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive and a 40-gigabyte hard drive ) .
After a stellar 2002 , when Citigroup ranked second behind only Goldman Sachs in global equity and equity-linked public offerings , the bank has slipped to fifth place this year and its market share has shrunk to 8.4 percent from 13 percent .
As required , he had given Microsoft an advance copy of it , and the company again set out to debunk it .
Amazon.com , the king of E-tailers , reports skyrocketing revenues each quarter .
Boeing shares fell $ 1 yesterday , to $ 35 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
''Terry must be asking why Yahoo has helped build what could be one of its greatest competitors , '' said Evan Thornley , the chief executive of LookSmart , a Google competitor .
To Nike , the Brazilian team is , well , the Nike of soccer : the dominant brand .
In June , Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of the United States District Court found that Microsoft had violated antitrust laws and ordered it to be broken in two .
ruled that the first long-distance carrier that picks up any call not involving coins -- usually a well-known outfit like Qwest or AT & T -- is the company automatically responsible for compensating the pay phone operator .
Flarion Technologies , a start-up wireless technology company based in Bedminster , N.J. , is expected to announce today that it has received $ 44 million in equity financing from a group of investors that includes Cisco Systems , Pequot Capital and Nassau Capital .
In a decision that could have wide ramifications for employment practices , a Federal appeals court has ruled that about 10,000 of Microsoft 's current and former temporary workers are entitled to take part in the company 's discounted stock-purchase plan .
Procter & Gamble said it was going well .
Early this evening , a spokeswoman for Hewlett-Packard , Rebeca Robboy , criticized the announcement by Bank of America , calling it ''not a barometer of how all investors feel , '' and ''highly unusual in a process like this for investors to announce their vote . ''
''Bob has the best job in the company : no line responsibility , but he will be a full partner , '' Mr. Reed said during a meeting to announce Mr. Rubin 's appointment at Citigroup 's headquarters on the East Side of Manhattan .
Some , however , doubt this remedy would do much to restore competition in the media player arena , because the commission ruling does not require Microsoft to sell the second version of Windows at a lower price than the original version .
And at present America Online uses Microsoft 's Web browser , Internet Explorer , as the service 's default choice .
Both Mr. Gates and Microsoft 's president , Steven Ballmer , are young and show no signs of wanting to leave .
In 2001 , Judge William Young of Federal District Court in Boston ruled that Transkaryotic , generally known as TKT , had infringed on Amgen 's patent .
Mr. Schultz said Starbucks planned to open 1,500 stores and expected growth of 20 percent in earnings per share for both revenue and earnings .
Shares of Broadcast.com , which sends audio and video over the Internet , jumped by $ 31 two weeks ago after Business Week reported that it was in talks with Yahoo .
Qwest Official Questions Verizon 's MCI Bid
While Fiat has a five-year option to sell the remaining 80 percent to General Motors beginning in January , General Motors has been unwilling to pour more money into Fiat .
During the 1998 fiscal year , Boeing was awarded $ 11 billion in Government contracts , according to the Labor Department .
Comcast not only knows that Viacom 's channels like MTV and Nickelodeon are must-haves on any cable system ; so are the rights to retransmit the signals of the CBS network television stations that Viacom owns in some of Comcast 's largest metropolitan markets .
Indeed , when Mr. Fisher was recruited from the top spot at Motorola in 1993 , he was hailed as the wizard who would magically solve Kodak 's problems .
''The U.S. carriers are feeling a lot of competitive pressures from our customers , '' said Laurette T. Koellner , president of the Connexion division at Boeing .
Three-judge Federal appeals court strikes down Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's order requiring Microsoft Corp to offer its Windows operating system software separate from Internet browser software ; finds Jackson 'erred procedurally ' by issuing preliminary injunction without giving Microsoft chance to present its case and erred 'substantively ' by misinterpreting antitrust law intent ; holds Microsoft has right to determine what features and functions to include in operating system if combination offers advantage unavailable if consumers buy and combine separate software products to achieve same capabilities ; same bundling is at issue in new suit by Justice Department and 20 states ; Justice Department expresses disappointment ; court also rules Jackson erred in naming Prof Lawrence Lessig as 'special master ' to advise him on technical matters and dismisses him from case ; Microsoft complained Lessig was biased ; photo ( M )
's over all , according to an analysis by the Ford Motor Company .
While William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , and his fierce critic , Lawrence J. Ellison , the chairman of the Oracle Corporation , will no doubt continue to joust in public over their competing visions of the future , both now have a strong public stake in Apple 's success .
Anyone hoping to make the ascent must be able to match wits with two of the most formidable and combative intellects in corporate America : Bill Gates , Microsoft 's co-founder , and Steven A. Ballmer , its chief executive .
Susan Stellin New Economy column on Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) pact with VeriSign Inc that lets VeriSign continue to run registry database for dot-com addresses and collect $ 6 a year per address , while also competing with other companies in selling addresses to public ; earlier contract required Network Solutions , which has since been acquired by VeriSign , to sell either resgistry database or its retail division ; debate over new pact centers on interests of 80 or so companies accredited by Icann to sell domain names and thousands of resellers , not public ; drawing ( M )
Microsoft announced its plans after the close of the markets .
Wal-Mart said it would take a charge of a penny a share for the acquisition .
Under the deal , Goodyear and Sumitomo will swap about $ 100 million worth of stock .
To define his company 's position clearly on the matter of self-coverage , Mr. Pearlstine last spring revised his statement to Time Warner 's board , ''The Role of the Editor in Chief . ''
At Mr. Hendrickson 's Web site , Losthorizons.com , supporters started a plan to write favorable reviews of the book at Amazon .
Riding a wave of growing prosperity in health insurance , Aetna reported a 28 percent increase in profit in the second quarter , joining three other industry giants that have reported better-than-expected results in the last two weeks .
Apple said 225- and 250-megahertz models are available ; limited quantities of machines with 275- and 300-megahertz chips will be available later this spring .
Intuit Plans Small-Business Marketplace
Interpublic Loss Narrows , but Tops Estimates
Partnership for a Drug-Free America will introduce ad campaign focusing on drug Ecstasy and backed by largest donation of media time it has received , donation of $ 51 million over three years from Comcast Corp ; campaign was developed by Gotham and McKee Wallwork Henderson ; photo ( M )
Lotus Development Corp to begin shipping latest version of its office computer software package ; suite is distant third behind rival products from Microsoft Corp and Corel Corp ; graph ( M )
The unconventional nature of eBay 's auction business challenged even those specialists .
Qwest Communications chief executive Richard C Notebaert tells investors Verizon Communications would and should face serious regulatory hurdles in its bid to acquire MCI ; makes remarks as part of effort to persuade Wall Street investors and analysts that MCI would be better off rejecting Verizon as suitor and accepting Qwest as merger partner ( M )
Bank of America 's chairman and chief executive , Kenneth D. Lewis , said yesterday that the company was backing away from a quiet lobbying effort to change a federal law that could prevent it from making major acquisitions .
Already , though , one thing is clear : the name iPhone may be doing Apple a disservice .
The music company quietly struck its first deal under the new terms in December with the Microsoft Corporation , which plays videos on its MSN service .
Dr. Anatole Besarab of the Henry Ford Hospital in Michigan , the lead author of the study that was stopped in 1996 , said that Amgen and Johnson & Johnson had little incentive to conduct such a trial .
Mr. Kurlak is forecasting an industry slowdown in 1998 , as corporations cut their capital spending , and he predicts Intel will face increasing pressure on its profit margins .
Indeed , I.B.M .
Exxon Mobil has publicly softened its stance toward global warming over the last year , with a pledge of $ 10 million in annual donations for 10 years to Stanford University for climate research .
The gathering was highly unusual because none of Interpublic 's peers have ever done anything like it .
Apple Offers New Access To Podcasts
Peter Chernin , the News Corporation president , credited Mr. Ailes -- who is currently renegotiating his contract -- with creating a network that has wider appeal than perhaps it is given credit for .
A big priority for this year , he said , is advertising related to Web searches , Yahoo 's original service .
She spends her days trying to organize Comcast cable workers .
Viacom Inc. 's Paramount Pictures was near a deal last night to sell the film library of Dreamworks SKG for about $ 900 million to an investment fund controlled by George Soros , people involved in the talks said .
Carnival is the largest cruise ship operator and Royal Caribbean is the second largest .
Amazon.com lists ''Secrets of the iPod '' by Christopher Breen ( Peachpit Press ) , ''How to Do Everything With Your iPod '' by Guy Hart-Davis ( McGraw-Hill Osborne Media ) and ''iPod , the Missing Manual '' by J.D .
The settlement brings the total amount Intel has paid or will pay to Intergraph , a graphics software and systems company based in Huntsville , Ala. , to $ 675 million .
At 3.9 percent , the airplane division 's profit margins were above the paltry three-tenths of a percent in the quarter a year earlier , but were still far below where Boeing and Wall Street think they should be .
The company had an all-Boeing fleet before its takeover of Japan 's former No.3 airline , Japan Air System , which brought with it some Airbus jets .
The evening skyline of this old port glitters with the logos of Sheraton , Marriott , Hilton , Meridien , Doubletree , Wyndham .
The board of Mattel asked for the resignation of the company 's leader , Jill E. Barad , this year after only three years .
It also had a significant impact on Coca-Cola 's bottler , Coca-Cola Enterprises , costing the bottler $ 103 million , or most of its earnings for the year .
A PeopleSoft director A George Battle testifies he was surprised by Oracle Corp 's $ 7.7 billion hostile tender offer in June 2003 , but not averse to idea , just to $ 16 per share price ; says it was not much of premium over where People was trding ; adds that when former PeopleSoft chief executive Craig A Conway responded to tender offer by saying he could not imagine price at which company would be sold to Oracle , he was being 'intemperate and over the top ' ( M )
Over all , Kodak did a remarkable job at cramming so many functions into a three-inch touch screen .
For the all-important holiday selling period , Mattel said it would probably earn 70 cents to 80 cents a share instead of the 95 cents consensus estimate of analysts polled by First Call/Thomson Financial .
Alliant Techsystems rose $ 1.60 , to $ 85 , and Northrop Grumman gained $ 3.75 , to $ 105.20 .
And the company now has acquired scores of skeptics , especially because it is facing an increased threat from the likes of Wal-Mart , which recently reintroduced its online shopping arm .
The company 's stock plunged $ 4.875 , more than 5 percent , to $ 91.188 as the briefing unfolded today -- not because of Microsoft 's announcements but because its president , Steven A. Ballmer , told a gathering of business journalists that he believed technology stocks were overvalued .
News Corp agrees to sell two satellites and their orbital license over US to Echostar Communications Corp for about $ 840 million in stock ; News Corp wants to abandon direct-broadcast satellite business in US ; MCI Worldcom Inc , which as MCI Communications was in partnership with News Corp to buy license in 1996 , will receive about $ 209 million in Echostar stock ; if deal is approved by regulators , MCI Worldcom and News Corp will own about 37 percent of Echostar ( M )
TiVo 's business of selling stand-alone digital video recorders , or DVR 's , is threatened by products that are much less expensive for consumers and are integrated with devices that many consumers are already comfortable with , like television set-top boxes ; new DVR-ready set-top boxes offered by cable companies like Time Warner generally cost consumers nothing upfront and add about $ 10 to monthly bill ; that compares with having to pay at least $ 200 upfront to buy stand-alone TiVo recorder and , in most cases , taking on $ 12.95 monthly subscription ; EchoStar satellite system offers DVR systems , and Comcast Corp is developing video-on-demand technology as well as offering set-top boxes ; these threats have helped send TiVo 's shares down 40 percent in recent months and forced company to remake its business model , becoming supplier of software to other companies that want to make their own DVR 's ; table shows competing DVR options ; photos ; graphs ( M )
General Motors announced today that it would reduce further its already discounted interest rates on loans for full-size pickups , while Ford said that it was studying what to do about an 11 percent drop last month in its sales of big F-series pickups .
FDA advisory committee unanimously recommends approval for Gilead Sciences drug adefovir for hepatitis B ( S )
Geoff Cook , a spokesman for Pfizer in New York , confirmed a report of the decision in the online edition of Adweek .
In addition , several analysts said they believed that I.B.M .
TiVo scheduled the giveaway to capitalize on problems that Comcast , the major cable provider in the Bay Area , was having in getting its own DVR 's to customers .
advertisements have been refused by Cox Cable , Daniels Cablevision and Time Warner Cable .
Canadian Company Buys Raytheon Jet Unit
Mr. Iger noted that the Disney Channel was moved from Channel 33 to Channel 66 in New York , while channels owned by Time Warner , like CNN and TBS , have been moved down to the lowest channels .
Correction : September 12 , 2006 , Tuesday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about the appointment of Alan R. Mulally as chief executive of the Ford Motor Company misstated the Lexus model he drives .
Mr. Moonves has made some bold moves as he tries to prove that the split-off company can be more nimble in attacking new opportunities than Viacom was .
In fact , Mr. Palmisano continued , for the big Sun machines whose chips use the architecture known as reduced instruction set computing , or RISC , Sun might want to switch to I.B.M .
But Microsoft 's legal advisers say that in his deposition , Mr. Gates was merely taking a characteristically competitive and combative approach to what deposition witnesses are supposed to do -- to try to narrow the questions asked , fence with interrogators and avoid broad or reponsive answers .
Further , his News Corporation would then own two television stations in each of five cities .
For the first time , consumers could use Amazon 's shopping tools , like customer reviews , at dozens of retailers , like the Gap .
Unlike today 's hand-held computers , used largely as organizers , the tablet computer being developed by Microsoft will run the same Windows-based programs run by a desktop computer .
Comcast 's legal adviser is Davis Polk & Wardwell .
Several major investors had made it clear that they preferred Vornado 's richer offer and thought the risks had been exaggerated .
Yahoo 's revenue for the quarter was $ 321 million , up 42 percent , setting a quarterly record for the company .
Talks between ConocoPhillips and Burlington are near completion , the executives said , but they warned that it was still possible the negotiations could collapse .
The new Web site , which is called the TV Guide Entertainment Network , is much more modest than the company 's previous plan to provide both Internet access , a digital daily newspaper and a comprehensive guide to the World Wide Web .
By the end of the year , Linux will be running on 1 percent of the desktop PC 's worldwide , compared with 2.8 percent for Apple 's Macintosh , and 96 percent for Microsoft 's Windows , according to Gartner Inc. , a research firm .
Time Warner Inc , after months of hagglng with US West Media Group Inc , says that companies have ended their talks to disband their cable television and entertainment venture ; Time Warner says net income in second quarter was $ 30 million , compared with net loss of $ 40 million in same 1996 quarter ; revenues rose 49 percent , to $ 3.19 billion , from $ 2.14 billion ; table ( L )
Colgate-Palmolive will close about third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over next four years as part of major restructuring effort to increase profit margins ; company plans to use savings for advertising and product development as it seeks more robust growth in industry that has been battered by rising raw material costs and increasingly tough competition ; company says it still expects to meet its fourth-quarter earnings estimates , excluding restructuring costs of about $ 45 million ; photo ( M )
The transaction will take Raytheon out of the consumer appliance business , on which it was founded .
Nike Critic Praises Gains in Air Quality at Vietnam Factory
For Henning Kagermann , the chief executive of SAP , the disclosure by Microsoft last Monday that it had held merger talks with his software company could not have come at a more awkward moment .
Microsoft 's chief operating officer is Bob Herbold , who came to the company in 1994 after a long career at Procter & Gamble , one of the nation 's leading product marketers .
On Aug. 31 , Mr. Miller 's Legg Mason Value Trust Fund was 4.8 percentage points behind the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , according to Chicago-based Morningstar Inc. By last Monday , that gap had closed to 0.65 percentage point .
In lowering the county 's bond rating from Baa2 to Baa3 , Moody 's officials were expressing concern about Nassau 's ability to pull itself out of the fiscal quagmire .
An initiative that includes several products scheduled to be introduced in the next 18 months , Windows DNA 2000 is being billed by Microsoft as a ''comprehensive platform that enables the Web applications and services of tomorrow . ''
Yahoo is in talks to acquire stake in Alibaba.com , China 's largest e-commerce company ( M )
Kirk Kerkorian 's announcement of a tender offer for 28 million shares of General Motors ' stock caught the attention yesterday of retirement finance specialists .
About a third of the stock is held by the W. W. Kellogg Foundation , the company 's largest shareholder .
FedEx said that the new trucks will reduce particle emissions by 90 percent and smog-causing nitrogen dioxide by 75 percent .
Intel said it was investing $ 100 million in cash , equipment , curriculum development and program management to the program .
The Federal Tax Court decided in favor of Texaco and Exxon .
Linux ( rhymes with ''cynics '' ) has attracted a cult-like following among programmers and systems developers who say it is a more secure , flexible and economic alternative to Microsoft 's industrial-strength operating system , Windows NT .
His record before the Microsoft case suggested , if anything , that he was pro-business .
For Microsoft , the stakes for Halo 2 are unusually high .
Shares of American General , one of nation 's largest insurers , rise sharply as analysts and investors predict that offer from American International Group will break up merger with Prudential of Britain ; AIG chief executive Maurice R Greenberg says he envisions Robert M Devlin , chief executive of American General , becoming vice chairman of AIG ; photo ( M )
Sales and earnings fell in 2005 at several big companies , including Merck , Pfizer and Bristol-Myers Squibb , and they are expected to fall again in 2006 .
The North American Coffee Partnership , a joint venture of the Starbucks Corporation and the Pepsi-Cola North America unit of PepsiCo , has named Goodby , Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco to create campaigns for ready-to-drink beverages like Starbucks Frappucino and Starbucks DoubleShot .
Market Place column on difficulty investors face in evaluating proposed telecommunications industry mergers that are viewed as necessary to propel companies into Internet age ; cites rival bids by Global Crossing and Qwest Communications International to merge with US West and Frontier Corp ( M )
According to Microsoft , OneCare even tracks your computer 's startup time .
As to Time Warner 's other operations , the film entertainment division showed an increase of 10.2 percent in earnings , to $ 161 million , helped by sales of films and television shows abroad .
Microsoft went with its trusted Windows strategy : If you code it , the hardware makers will come ( and pay licensing fees ) .
''The main purpose , '' said Richard Blumenthal , the attorney general of Connecticut , ''is to deflate Microsoft 's overblown rhetoric and apocalyptic predictions about our proposed remedies . ''
Pfizer argued today that Cardura was safe and that its package label should not be changed .
''Johnson & Johnson will leave Centocor alone so that it will function as an independent subsidiary .
But underscoring the problem , he added , ''The presence of Campbell Soup is one of those lines . ''
Interpublic stock , which hit a 10-year low this month , closed yesterday at $ 9.70 , up 46 cents , or 5 percent .
Citigroup said Mr. Campbell 's retirement was completely voluntary , and prepared statements from senior Citigroup officials supported that view .
But Amazon said investors should focus on its pro-forma loss , which excludes the cost of stock options , merger costs and Amazon 's share of the losses of the companies in which it has invested .
said that Mr. Murdoch would become chairman of Hughes and that Chase Carey , the News Corporation 's former co-chief operating officer , would be president and chief executive .
''You will see a leaner , more agile and more efficient Intel , '' Mr. Otellini told analysts at the time .
''We 're thrilled we can talk about the year 2002 in the past , '' Sanford I. Weill , Citigroup 's chairman and chief executive , said in a conference call with analysts yesterday .
''We are on track with our well-crafted portfolio , '' Meg Whitman , eBay 's chief executive , said in an interview after the earnings report yesterday .
For Musicians , Microsoft 's Xbox Is No Jackpot
The legal trench warfare in the Microsoft antitrust case began yesterday as the embattled software maker asked a Federal judge to give it seven months to prepare for a hearing .
Try as it might , Exxon Mobil can not seem to keep a 1998 gasworks accident here -- and the way it responded -- from coming back to bite it again and again .
VERSUS MICROSOFT : THE CONSUMERS
Instead of upgrading them to high-speed Internet access , Verizon , their local phone company , is looking to sell the 1.6 million local phone lines it controls in Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine .
The complaint against Prudential focuses on four brokers in the firm 's New York City offices .
Verizon could compensate by lowering its sale price , at the risk of disappointing shareholders .
The machines , which have been the subject of considerable speculation , will be tailored more for consumer entertainment than the larger tablet machines running Microsoft 's Windows that were introduced in 2002 .
Potato Head and Candyland , both made by Hasbro Interactive 's parent company , Hasbro Inc .
Asked what modifications to its own proposal Microsoft might find acceptable , John Warden , one of the company 's lead lawyers , suggested eliminating the concessions the company had made to reach the settlement with the government in the first place .
Citigroup , on the other hand , seems to have a much broader approach .
In January 1997 , Boeing shelved plans to spend $ 7 billion to create a 600-passenger version of the 747 and said it was concentrating on developing longer-range models of its 300-passenger 777 , making possible more direct flights from North America to Asia .
He will resign as head of Star , the News Corporation 's Asian satellite television business , and give up his seat on the News Corporation 's board .
Halliburton acquired Brown & Root , the corporate ancestor of KBR , in 1962 .
The company will work with Morgan Stanley to set up a market that will enable financial institutions and other investors to bid for those options .
Last July , Microsoft paid $ 38 million for a 20-acre parcel owned by the clothing retailer Eddie Bauer .
In June 2001 , Adobe alerted the F.B.I .
To create its Web platform , Microsoft is using an Internet standard known as Extensible Markup Language , or XML .
Most analysts lowered their estimate for I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp lawyer , preparing rebuttal arguments for company 's antitrust trial , seeks to show , in deposing Netscape Communications Corp aide Peter Currie , that Netscape and America Online delayed announcement of their merger for several weeks last fall out of concern that merger could hurt Government 's case ; apparently suggests plot between companies and Justice Department to keep their intentions from Microsoft 's legal team ; most of deposition is taken in public , as result of suit by news organizations ; photo ( M )
The device also includes an audio jack so that music lovers using Apple 's iTunes 4.6 jukebox program can wirelessly blast their digital audio from their computers to a sound system with the company 's AirTunes music networking technology .
Mattel shares rose 43.75 cents , to $ 10.9375 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
Time Warner had declined a Disney offer of a one-month extension in the negotiations .
Since Molson made that investment two years ago , spending $ 765 million for an 80 percent stake in Cervejarias Kaiser of São Paulo , Kaiser has slipped from second to third among Brazilian brewers , and the poor performance in Brazil is hurting the larger company .
''It would have been a lot easier for Best Buy to deal with one farmer in Lakeville , '' said Mr. Triggs , referring to a more distant suburb .
Carriers like Qwest , which is based in Denver and has extensive operations in the West , and Verizon , the largest phone company on the East Coast , are increasing the number of guards and screening visitors with greater care at busy work sites .
''This may not represent the classic annuity stream for Microsoft , but they need to be there .
Intel and Compaq Computer say their own extensive tests have found no evidence of problem envisioned by Jace Crouch and Michael Echlin , who reported in 1997 that clocks on some computers could jump randomly forward or backward in time after year 2000 ; photo ( S )
The theme of the campaign and the placement of the slogans are intended ''to break through the clutter , '' he added , and grab attention for a company that is not a household name like Microsoft .
Cisco Systems reports earning $ 618 million in quarter ended Oct 26 on revenue of $ 4.85 billion , up 9 percent ; lost $ 268 million in same period in 2001 ( M )
Verizon declined to comment about Mr. Sullivan 's testimony or any potential bid for MCI .
But Microsoft wants to show that Symantec then came up with new ideas , like antivirus software , to replace the lost business and continued to prosper .
Last month , Citigroup 's chairman and chief executive , Sanford I. Weill , replaced the former chief , Michael A. Carpenter , with Charles O .
Intel said it expected revenue for the second quarter to be $ 6.2 billion to $ 6.8 billion , a unusually large range for a revenue forecast .
''If Whole Foods and Wild Oats never end up merging , it 's not a game changer for Whole Foods .
Not only does the News Corporation own the Dodgers , but Fox is a partial owner of other teams , including the New York Knicks basketball and the New York Rangers hockey teams , through its partnership with Cablevision .
''There is an incredibly high level of energy on the Apple campus compared to four weeks ago , '' said Richard Doherty , a computer industry consultant at Envisioneering , a consulting firm in Seaford , N.Y. ''Everybody is really charged up , and it 's all because of Steve Jobs 's new role . ''
Industrial Development Authority of Ireland wins investment contracts from IBM and Cisco Systems ; IBM announces plans to spend $ 119 million in placing its online business-to-business procurement services near Dublin , while Cisco Systems is reported to have acquired site that would employ 1,500 to make equipment for the Internet ( S )
was created and Airbus became a competitor with Boeing in the global aircraft market , making it more difficult for the sides to reach a new agreement now that the old one has expired .
Home Depot 's stock closed nearly unchanged yesterday at $ 41.34 , down 10 cents .
The News Corporation 's acquisition of Chris-Craft has been opposed by the institute , the Rev .
The main purveyors now -- Google and Yahoo 's Overture Services -- are rapidly trying to place these ads on other Web pages like news articles .
The report was released after the market 's close yesterday , but investors reacted strongly to the forecast of a lower profit margin , sending shares of Intel down 88 cents , or nearly 4 percent , in after-hours trading .
In addition , while he was an executive at Halliburton , Mr. Cheney appeared in a marketing video extolling Andersen 's services .
Owning a stake in Telecom Italia would give AT & T privileged access to the company 's backbone network that crisscrosses Italy and connects to nine European countries .
But because a deal with EchoStar would create such a dominant player in satellite television , the News Corporation has been raising antitrust issues on Capitol Hill , where the company has lined up some powerful supporters .
More importantly , Honeywell would extend G.E .
Statistical Research Inc. in Westfield , N.J. , said yesterday that the AT & T Corporation and the Procter & Gamble Company would support its efforts to develop its Systems for Measuring and Reporting Television , or Smart .
Credit Suisse First Boston , Deutsche Bank , China International Capital and Citigroup were the sponsors for the offering , with Citigroup serving as the stabilizing agent in charge of managing many of the small details of the actual offering .
Southwest Airlines will add another 14 daily nonstop departures from Philadelphia , starting July 9 ; Southwest 's move into Philadelphia is direct challenge to US Airways , which has about 195 daily departures from Philadelphia , while its subsidiary US Airways Express has about 180 ; US Airways will lower fares in Philadelphia as Southwest arrives ; Lufthansa plans to begin testing low-carb menu options in business class in July on its routes between Germany and Los Angeles ; Hyatt Hotels has begun offering low-carb restaurant , room-service and banquet menus at 100 properties in US ; Sheraton Hotels will introduce Low-Carb Lifestyle menus at 200 domestic hotels ; Virgin Atlantic Airways will hire 1,400 new employees this year as it increases service from London to US , Caribbean and Asia ; Hospitality Research Group of PKF Consulting says profits at domestic hotels are likely to increase average of 5.6 percent in 2004 ; Shangri-La Hotel in Beijing will complete first phase of its $ 72 milion renovation in June ; second phas is scheduled for completion in 2006 ; Grand Hyatt in Hong Kong recently opened new $ 10 million spa and fitness center ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
Three years ago , Microsoft , which is based in Redmond , Wash. , had no lobbying office in Washington .
Last week , the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York named Christopher J. Coughlin , executive vice president and chief financial officer at Pharmacia , now part of Pfizer , its chief operating officer .
Having improved their balance sheets and operations , the road ahead for Colgate and Procter is very much the same : trying to drive revenue growth by introducing innovative products and capturing new customers , particularly those in fast-growing markets like China , Latin America and Eastern Europe .
Pfizer appears to have had little choice in deciding to end the advertising campaigns .
Purchase of AT & T Wireless by Cingular Wireless is just a few weeks old and already company is under attack from its biggest rival , Verizon Wireless , which is trying to recapture top spot in cellphone industry ; Verizon Wireless starts advertising campaign that takes aim at customers of AT & T Wireless ; photo ( M )
The implication he left is that they are being wrongly interpreted in Microsoft 's case .
Intel and Advanced Micro remain in a pitched battle to provide the processors , the primary computing chip in PC 's .
Set-top box makers face competition from companies entering television business ; devices from TiVo , Microsoft and Apple threaten traditional cable operators like Comcast , Cox and Time Warner Cable with more features and advanced technology ; Federal Communications Commission sets deadline for cable operators to make services work with third-party boxes ; Motorola and Scientific Atlanta show off new offerings at Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas ; photos ( M )
Jonathan D Kaufelt letter , commenting on August 17 article , says Halliburton Co went too far by giving Republican vice presidential candidate Dick Cheney stock options that would vest during Cheney 's possible tenure in office
Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld , in face of Congressional opposition , backs down from plans to terminate immediately C-130J transport aircraft , plane that several Pentagon studies have found unfit for duty ; among beneficiaries of Rumsfeld 's reversal is Lockheed Martin Corp , maker of C-130J Hercules , which is used for heavy lifting ; other winners are Congressional delegations in Georgia and West Virginia , two states where aircraft is made ; photo ( M )
Microsoft , in particular , is responding quickly to Google , much as it responded to Netscape in the mid-1990 's .
Dr. David Egilman , an epidemiologist and physician who testified against Merck in the first Vioxx trial , said of the coming trial in Houston , ''As I understand the facts in that case , if Merck asked me my opinion in that case , my opinion would be that Merck was not responsible . ''
In early January , Apple escalated the conflict by filing suit against thinksecret.com , a rumor site that in December published what it said were specifications of a new low-cost Macintosh computer .
Morgan Stanley paid $ 125 million of that , but was rightly proud that none of its analysts were singled out for violations .
Whether Microsoft had advance notice that dissolution was in the works is immaterial to whether the District Court violated the company 's procedural rights by ordering it without an evidentiary hearing .
In recent weeks , reports began circulating that Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , has faced severe challenges in making the shift to the most advanced manufacturing technologies -- which are expected to etch lines as narrow as 90 nanometers , or about one-thousandth of a human hair .
Critics of that say Microsoft could easily undermine it by making the unbundled version more expensive .
Bob Bertini , a spokesman for Coca-Cola in Atlanta , said the company had not named a successor to Mr. Wheldon .
These competitors fear that Time Warner 's vast cable network -- the nation 's second largest after AT & T 's -- combined with America Online 's formidable Internet service , would shut them out .
Exclusive brands tend to provide fatter margins for their owners , and retailers like Wal-Mart and Kmart have increasingly turned to them as price competition intensifies .
Microsoft Corp plans to challenge Sony , Nintendo and Sega with video game machine called X-Box ; at industry conference in San Jose , Calif , Microsoft chairman Bill Gates will sketch out his company 's plans to capture sizable share of $ 20 billion-a-year , worldwide video game market ; X-Box will not go on sale until fall of 2001 ; running at 600 megahertz , its microprocessor will be faster than all but most powerful computers today ; graphics chip will be made by Nvidia Corp ( M )
The chips were the world 's first to feature the next generation of 0.13-micron circuit lines , which allows Intel to cram more transistors onto each chip .
''You were n't going to change Yahoo in an important way unless you get the culture and the people to reassess some of the fundamental tenants of Yahooism , '' said Lanny Baker , an analyst for Salomon Smith Barney .
Those dates correspond to attacks by computer worms , I.B.M .
A spokesman for Johnson & Johnson declined comment , and a spokesman for Guidant could not be reached .
The rationale was that if AOL Time Warner would not buy its stake , then AT & T could sell the shares to the public instead .
Shares of Xerox fell 17 cents each yesterday , to $ 9.88 , in New York Stock Exchange trading .
''For the first time in my life , I actually support Pfizer , and I hope they clobber these guys , '' he said .
In addition to cutting costs , Xerox is offering simplified versions of its products and trying to increase sales to businesses that do not install copiers as part of large computer-based networks .
But Michael Palmer , president of Veritas Investment Research in Toronto , said a much larger problem was the possibility that any third-party bid would mean the end of an existing joint venture between Molson and Coors .
CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , the oil company , said that it planned to lay off 250 workers in the East San Francisco Bay area .
Microsoft 's opening salvo in the sweeping antitrust suit seemed to be devised as much for public opinion as for the court .
Carnival Corp drops almost all strings attached to its offer for P & O Princess Cruises , in hopes of garnering shareholder support before scheduled vote on rival plan to merge P & O Princess with Royal Caribbean Cruises ; Carnival says only remaining condition is that regulators approve deal ( M )
Art Barbuto 's credit-card printer spat out a terse message this morning : ''Dear Mobil dealers , '' it said , ''A letter has been sent to you today with information on the Exxon Mobil merger . ''
iBeam , new company backed by Intel , Liberty Media and venture capitalists , plans to deliver high-quality streaming media over Internet , using satellite broadcast technology to take single stream of data and direct it to network server computers spread around Internet ; its servers are on edges of Internet , avoiding costs and congestion associated with so-called Internet backbone networks ; iBEAM plans to charge only content providers , not Internet service providers ; photo ( M )
Those achieving that status are , of course , some of the world 's most powerful brands : Apple 's Macintosh ; Microsoft 's Windows ; Intel 's Pentium chips .
The approval was granted by the Environmental Protection Agency to a corn developed by Monsanto that is resistant to the corn rootworm .
Apple said the company shipped 659,000 Macintosh units during the quarter .
In many ways , Frontier 's evolution from clumsy striver to turnaround ( and takeover ) prospect reflects the difficulties faced by old midsize companies in an industry dominated by national titans and lean niche operators .
Something finally went right yesterday for Raymond V. Gilmartin , the embattled chairman and chief executive of Merck & Company .
From January 2000 until this year , regulators said , Morgan Stanley operated two programs in which it gave favorable treatment to products offered by 16 mutual fund companies .
Intuit , based in Mountain View , Calif. , will also receive royalty payments if Princeton eCom licenses the Web-based bill payment technology to other companies .
There were no speeches or toasts , but Time Warner hit a milestone freighted with symbolism yesterday .
Mr. Suria 's report , which was made public on Feb. 6 , questioned Amazon 's ability to continue operating through 2001 and said the company 's deteriorating financial condition could subject it to a credit squeeze this year .
Microsoft Facing a Skeptical Market With Windows 2000
AT & T said yesterday that it had a small profit in the third quarter after three consecutive periods of losses , and attributed it to cost-cutting and improved sales of communications services to large businesses .
Profit at Amazon dropped 58 percent , to $ 22 million , or 5 cents a share , in the second quarter , down from $ 52 million , or 12 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
For the quarter , Intel reported net income of $ 2.11 billion , or 61 cents a diluted share , up 2 percent from $ 2.06 billion , or 59 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
Singapore Airlines to Choose Between Boeing and Airbus
SCO began its Linux campaign last March , when it sued I.B.M. , the leading corporate champion of Linux .
''If they have a 15- or 20-year-old view of I.B.M. , '' she added , ''it helps them know who we are today : a different company . ''
Corning 's decision to offer financial support to Mr. Russell 's group in 1998 was rewarded by an exultant , ''We did it ! ''
The concert series began last month on the plaza outside the News Corporation building , at 1211 Avenue of the Americas at 48th Street .
The Churn column notes advisers to parties in battle between Boston Scientific and Johnson & Johnson for Guidant Corp , which tops list of competing merger and acquisition bids in US last year ; table ; roundup of appointments and other personnel moves on Wall Street ( M )
Officials at the Sprint Corporation , the third-largest American long-distance carrier after A.T. & T. and MCI , echoed that position .
Even as Craig O. McCaw and William H. Gates planned their newly disclosed $ 9 billion satellite communications venture , Mr. McCaw was attempting to play matchmaker between Mr. Gates 's Microsoft Corporation and top officials of A.T. & T. in an effort to draw the two companies into a strategic alliance .
Analysts said today that Wal-Mart 's ease-in approach might be more appropriate in Japan , where serpentine wholesale and distribution networks are hard for outsiders to navigate .
Amazon.com 's recent purchase of BookSurge , on-demand book printing business that relies on Internet technology to print few copies at a time , discussed ; Amazon seems good match for company 's self-published authors ; company says its software automates printing process to point where even single-copy orders are profitable , even though book 's final price is comparable to books produced through traditional means ; drop in cost and improvement in publishing has made self-publishing more acceptable to authors , whose chances of distributing books has improved as result of Internet ; photo ( M )
The government will provide grants and other incentives for construction at Intel 's plant in Leixlip , outside Dublin .
The News Corporation , which acquired its Gemstar stake through a complex process that began in 2000 , has been trying for months to oust Mr. Yuen , who founded Gemstar in the late 1980 's , and to replace him with Jeff Shell , a former News executive who is now co-president and co-chief operating officer at Gemstar .
Mr. Bronfman and a team that included Thomas H. Lee Partners , Bain Capital and Providence Equity Partners paid Time Warner $ 2.6 billion for the unit .
Still , Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive , was bullish about growth in a conference call with analysts and reporters .
Goldman Sachs came under scrutiny in late 2002 after a Congressional committee accused it and two other investment banksof ''spinning , '' or rewarding senior executives of their corporate clients with preferential allocations of new stocks .
Microsoft is set to contribute about $ 2.9 billion in cash and John C. Malone 's Liberty Media is set to contribute about $ 1 billion in cash in support of the News Corporation 's bid .
After that , the two sides negotiated the deal , meeting mostly in the New York area , sometimes at Citigroup 's corporate retreat in Armonk , N.Y. Mr. Carpenter said he went to London last week , using the ''cover '' that he was there to receive a ''bank of the year '' award from a financial publication , and stayed around to wrap up the talks over the weekend .
The ability to write and revise Microsoft Office documents -- the lingua franca of business -- on a hand-held organizer has allowed organizers to pinch-hit for the laptop in many situations .
But I.B.M .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , the Wall Street firm that has been under legal scrutiny since it paid a person involved in the arrest of a former employee , will not face criminal charges in the case , the Manhattan District Attorney said yesterday .
''There are things that Microsoft does well in terms of promoting Windows , providing legal protection and standardizing Windows . ''
The adjustments , by Morgan Stanley Capital International , could prompt a flurry of buying and selling as money mangers adjust to the new indexes .
Microsoft Will Buy 3.2 % Stake in Korea Telecom
Several sales executives said it was not in their best interests to try to bypass the policies of a discount chain , since a shipment of records returned by a dissatisfied retailer as large as Wal-Mart can be a tremendous financial liability .
WAL-MART also took a charge earlier this year when it bought back the remaining shares in Walmart.com from investors , and Mr. Fleming , for one , witnessed some cultural dissonance in executive meetings , as the merging of the Internet unit in Silicon Valley and its corporate parent in Bentonville , Ark. , has proceeded .
Ace executives cite their experience in Atlanta , where the number of Ace stores dropped from 90 to 60 as Home Depot grew but Ace 's market share actually crept up slightly as the remaining Ace stores modernized and emphasized service .
DirectX can be downloaded at www.microsoft.com/windows/directx/downloads .
Microsoft Wins Year 's Reprieve From Penalties
''Merck is therefore entitled to summary judgment . ''
Retail Forward has projected that the number of Wal-Mart supercenters may triple by 2010 and that its share of the grocery business may rise to 35 percent .
Now Wall Street is becoming aware of the possible problems , with at least one analyst warning that the problem could particularly affect Merck .
( The 8.7 percent figure represented taxes paid by partnerships , corporations and other business organizations that were folded into Accenture . )
RealNetworks made a direct appeal last week to Apple Computer , its Internet music rival , suggesting that the two companies form a common front against Microsoft in the digital music business .
Quirkiness of food retailing business in New York City metropolitan area prevents chains like Kroger and Wal-Mart from entering market ; available land , high cost of union labor and other factors make market less attractive to outsiders ; Grand Union , D'Agostino 's , Pathmark and Gristedes will not have to fret that Kroger or Wal-Mart might edge in on their turf in near future ( M )
Several multimillion-dollar blue-chip companies are thinking of changing their advertising agencies ; Nike Inc , which spends $ 250 million annually on advertising , says it is seeking ideas from another agency in addition to its longtime agency Wieden & Kennedy ; IBM is undertaking review three years after it consolidated its worldwide ad account , with billings at $ 600 million to $ 700 million , at Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide ; Ford Motor Co is looking for new agency after W B Doner & Co resigns accounts of several regional Ford dealers ' associations after winning Mazda account ; Ford billings estimated at $ 60 million to $ 70 million ( M )
But it remains unlikely that Nike will notice an impact on its bottom line .
The Government 's original complaint , filed in May 1998 , charged that Microsoft was ''engaged in a series of anticompetitive activities . ''
Rob Glaser , Real Networks ' chairman and founder and a former Microsoft employee , said of Microsoft and Intel , ''The two companies are becoming more independent as we move more toward a consumer electronics world . ''
Today the Center for Political Accountability , a foundation-financed group , will announce that Coca-Cola , PepsiCo and Eli Lilly have agreed to make disclosures and provide board oversight of donations .
There is nothing in our non-disclosure agreements that prevents anyone from giving information to the government as part of any inquiry , and we have repeatedly advised the Justice Department , in writing , that we do not interpret our license agreements as requiring anyone to provide notice to Microsoft before disclosing information to the Justice Department . ''
Robert E. Allen , AT & T 's chairman , who helped build the company and then take it apart , spoke hopefully at a news conference , envisioning for example that AT & T 's equipment company might persuade the MCI Communications Corporation to buy from it after the split-up .
The proposed settlement in the crucial federal case is widely seen as a Microsoft victory .
Bayer AG and Roche Holdings Ltd are said to form joint venture in United States to sell Roche 's Aleve analgesic and several other nonprescription drugs ; arrangement will give Roche access to Bayer 's powerful sales force and customer relationships in constant struggle for shelf space in stores ; Roche assumed full ownership from Aleve from Procter & Gamble Co in June ( M )
Now that he is returning at the United States Open , Woods is paying tribute to him in a new Nike commercial .
The current imperative to take a closer look reflects not only Union Pacific 's travails but also the Surface Transportation Board 's search for a mission to justify its continued existence .
The Lowe Lintas gain and loss are indicative of the agency 's recent ups and downs as it won large assignments like Verizon Communications and lost large assignments like Dell Computer .
The attorney general of Oregon , Hardy Myers , who led the investigation , had accused Pfizer of misrepresenting the effectiveness of Zithromax in its advertising campaigns and of failing to disclose the risks of overusing antibiotics .
''If Wal-Mart 's news is indicative of the potential for broader disappointment , that is worrisome . ''
Coca-Cola Enterprises ' share price , like that of many soft-drink stocks , has fallen sharply over the last year .
Mr. O'Meally contends that while he was at Prudential his trading practices were not only accepted but out in the open -- so much so that he and the other brokers who engaged in the practice referred to themselves as the ''market timers . ''
For example , you can run Windows software like Internet Explorer and Microsoft Outlook in a window that can be minimized just like other Mac programs .
But any Bell deal would raise tough regulatory questions because the Bells are not allowed to offer long-distance service within their regions , and Frontier sells it all over the country .
Mr. Kuney asked ''did you mean us to take quite literally , '' the notion that several of the states ' proposals ''would lead to the end of innovation and eliminate most of the current employees of Microsoft ? ''
But , with the performance gap between Morgan Stanley and its retail competitors still wide , Mr. Mack could well choose an alternative tack and work to prune the division in anticipation of a future sale .
Amazon said it was developing more reviews and other information content about its products .
An article in Business Day yesterday about a counterclaim filed by the Intel Corporation against the Digital Equipment Corporation misstated the year when Digital 's Alpha microprocessor was introduced .
If Intel 's new chip initiative succeeds , the competitive equation could look different by then .
IBM warns that its earnings for first quarter of 1998 will be dragged down by rising dollar , sales decline in Asia and several one-time factors , even as it reports earnings in fourth quarter of 1997 that are slightly above expectations ; in fourth quarter , company earned $ 2.1 billion , up 3.4 percent from $ 2 billion a year earlier ; for 1997 , IBM earned $ 5.9 billion , up from $ 5.4 billion in 1996 ; revenue in 1997 was $ 78.5 billion , increase of 3 percent ; chart ( L )
The Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that it had shipped 1.1 million Xbox video-game consoles since their Nov. 15 release and planned to ship another 300,000 this month .
''Price was an important variable in the buildup of that business , '' Mr. Josefowicz said , and Amazon.com no longer threatened to be a ''disabling competitor . ''
That means more bad news for Wal-Mart , which is known for food and basics like paper towels .
The Coca-Cola Company is seeking to increase its already commanding market share in movie theaters with an ambitious advertising and promotional campaign centered on film .
Microsoft Presses Its View About Rivals ' 3-Way Deal
WebSphere , a family of products for online businesses , and DB2 , I.B.M .
Growing number of Web sites that once offered goods , services or content for free new charge users ; most sites offering news and information are still free , but few have started imposing fees and more are considering doing same ; some examples noted ; even Yahoo , big and previously free Web portal , has started imposing fees for many aspects of its service and promises many more ( M )
Microsoft contends that the combined companies will have a stranglehold on the market for distributing ads to Web publishers .
With British Telecom , one of the financially strongest companies in the industry , effectively having invaded A.T. & T. 's home turf with the MCI deal , A.T. & T. is going to be doubly eager for more freedom to operate in Britain .
Analysts said Intel 's strong margins reflect not only cost controls , but also the success of the company 's strategy to segment the market .
Given that many Wal-Mart employees are paid less than $ 19,000 a year , the deductible ''is pretty significant , '' said Charles N. Kahn , president of the Federation of American Hospitals .
In addition to its credit-card business , which some small companies use to cover hundreds of thousands of dollars a month in cash needs , American Express has been expanding its leasing operations for equipment that costs $ 250,000 or less .
Thompson , by contrast , is best known for warmly emotional work for Kodak products like the commercial ''Daddy 's Little Girl , '' in which the father of a bride recalls his daughter 's life on her wedding day , and the jingle ''The Times in Your Life , '' sung by Paul Anka .
The lawyer was trying to make the case that America Online , now that it has bought the Netscape company , was in a position to challenge Microsoft 's dominance in browser and operating system software , despite America Online 's protestations to the contrary .
In its affidavit , 866 3rd Next Generation Hotel said it had ''fallen victim to a scheme designed by Marriott International to facilitate acts of commercial bribery with regard to kickbacks and hidden profits from the purchases from vendors and the management of the hotel . ''
Analysts expect wireless phones and other hand-held devices to be the main conduit to the Internet in just a few years , passing personal computers , and so far , Microsoft has not had success in moving its operating systems , browsers or other applications to these devices .
Intel Again Sues Broadcom Over Patents
Motorola introduced 17 new handsets in the third quarter , including 5 with integrated cameras , the market 's hottest new segment .
A Morgan Stanley spokeswoman , Andrea Slattery , said that the firm was cooperating with the investigation and added in a statement : ''Morgan Stanley has the utmost respect for the Massachusetts security division and deeply regrets the errors made in one of our communications to state investigators .
In essence , what the boards of U S West and Frontier have to decide is whether Global Crossing or Qwest has the better vision to take their companies into the new telecommunications age , combining conventional cable and copper wires with the digital universe of the Internet .
Furthermore , Apple 's definition of ''new release '' can be quirky ; ''The Incredibles , '' released on DVD nearly 18 months ago , still goes for $ 13 .
''If a retailer does not provide a great experience , with the right level of help in the store and the right mix of products , then people are just going to shop for price , and it will be Costco and Wal-Mart , '' he said .
Microsoft did not make a detailed response to the report ; instead , it issued a general statement saying that the widespread use of Microsoft products meant that they were the preferred target of malicious software programs .
Merck stopped selling Vioxx , an arthritis medicine and painkiller , in September 2004 , after a clinical trial showed that the drug raised the risk of heart attack and stroke .
Although the movement has not yet had a significant effect on sales of Microsoft 's Office and Windows products in the personal computer market , the company wants to enter the corporate software market , where open source has gained ground .
An Intel spokesman said today that if the new bug could be confirmed , the company would publish it as well .
Excerpts from decision by three-judge panel of US Court of Appeals for District of Columbia overturning injunction against Microsoft Corp ; Judges A Raymond Randolph and Stephen F Williams found for company ; Judge Patricia M Wald dissented in part ; photos ( M )
NTV , one of Russia 's biggest national television networks , has been in discussions with Rupert Murdoch and the News Corporation regarding the sale of NTV 's satellite business , said two people close to the negotiations .
Though major labels have been avoiding Microsoft , the independent labels have been more cooperative .
Executives said Amazon invested in new warehouses , hired additional software engineers and expanded the selection of products available through the site .
The Ford Taurus , the best-selling car in the United States , is selling in Japan at only half the rate the Ford Motor Company anticipated .
But because high-speed Internet , or broadband , services are exempt from those forced-access rules , some makers of broadband equipment -- like Cisco Systems and Juniper Networks -- look forward to a new wave of buying as competitors in broadband services arm themselves for battle .
And Joseph Studley , the chief financial officer at Interpublic 's Advanced Marketing Services division , has been assigned on an interim basis to oversee the continuing investigation of the European accounting irregularities .
The International Business Machines Corporation will pay $ 450 million to gain full ownership of Advantis , which provides data processing and advanced telecommunications services in the United States .
Mr. Mack 's saving grace may be his love of Morgan Stanley .
Gross margin was 50.1 percent , higher than the 49.6 percent recorded in the previous quarter and above the 49 percent Intel projected for the quarter in January .
( A Disney spokeswoman declined comment ; McDonald 's executives could not be reached . )
''Our new products and lower prices are indicative of a new Xerox . ''
The Consumer and Commerce Group is currently headed by a pair of executives , Brad Chase and Jon DeVaan , who are highly regarded at Microsoft .
Convoys of utility trucks and reinforcement workers from far away as Massachusetts and Ohio are arriving in gulf states to help restore electricity to estimated 1.6 million households and business customers still without power in wake of Hurricane Katrina ; some , like thousands transferred by Southern Co , are on loan from other branches of big utility conglomerates with presence in storm-damaged region ; others , like 10 two-man truck units dispatched from New York City by Consolidated Edison ; priorities are restoring service to hospitals , vital service providers like water treatment plants , oil refineries and natural gas pipelines ; Entergy , region 's biggest provider of electricity , says portions of New Orleans might be without power for at least two months ; map ; photos ( M )
Nextel will also drop its opposition to Verizon Wireless 's using the phrase ''push to talk '' in marketing its walkie-talkie service .
First Product From Novell And A.T. & T .
Microsoft had postponed the announcement while Judge Jackson 's remedy decision was pending , and said before he granted the stay that the restrictions he had imposed would be a major impediment to the initiative .
And in 1984 , Apple introduced the Macintosh with print ads that showed the computer with just one word -- ''Hello '' -- displayed on its screen .
Waste Management Inc takes $ 1.5 billion fourth-quarter charge to reflect accounting changes taken to quiet investor skepticism about reliability of its financial reports ; posts net loss of $ 1.41 billion for quarter , compared with restated loss of $ 394.8 million in 1996 period ; had reported $ 138 net income for 1996 period ; says similar recalculations will cut reported net income for years up through 1996 and first three quarters of 1997 by after-tax total of $ 1.32 billion ( M )
But in China , he may not get across the message that Apple is trying to convey . ''
In three years , assets under management at State Street Global grew to $ 1.2 trillion from less than $ 800 billion .
Airbus chief executive Noel Forgeard says company expects to win approval from board of parent , European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co ( EADS ) , to spend up to 3 billion euros ( $ 3.9 billion ) for A350 , 250-seat plane aimed at Boeing 's 7E7 market ; photos ( M )
The effect of these provisions will be devastating , not only to Microsoft , but also to its employees , shareholders , business partners and customers , and could have a significant adverse impact on the nation 's economy .
Apple 's industrial designers describe the colors as Bondi Blue and Ice .
Oliver , the senior vice president , said Wal-Mart showed its good faith by volunteering to pay five years of back wages , while the Labor Department often seeks just two years of back wages .
Morgan Stanley was formed in 1935 out of the bond department of the House of Morgan after the passage of the Glass-Steagall Act that separated the securities and banking businesses in reaction to the 1929 Wall Street Crash and the ensuing worldwide depression .
Basil L. Anderson , Campbell 's chief financial officer , said that the company did not try to sell any of the spinoff units to other food companies , ''since we wanted it to be a tax-free transaction . ''
Microsoft insists that it , and it alone , should be the arbiter of what new software is bundled into its Windows operating system , the equivalent of the central nervous system on 90 percent of personal computers .
Hans Schuettler , Morgan Stanley 's chief executive in Asia , said Thursday that it was ''the right time for Morgan Stanley to develop a wholly owned full-service India platform . ''
Of course , given $ 20 million in investment and all of the traffic-generating muscle of the MSN Network behind it , it is tough to call that fiscal state of affairs profitability -- indeed , company officials are specifically prohibited from doing so because Slate 's financials are not broken out in Microsoft 's filings .
After the two initially clashed when Lachlan went to Los Angeles to learn the News Corporation 's television business several years ago , their contact was limited and chilly , according to people close to both Lachlan and his father .
Morgan Stanley Fires Bond Trader Who Filed Bias Complaint
Target , on the other hand , is credited with having recruited the designer Isaac Mizrahi .
By contrast , I.B.M .
Kodak might even sell ''product placements '' -- say , charge a shoe company for a feature that lets a user superimpose her face on that of an athlete wearing that brand of running shoe .
Pfizer Inc to announce plans to trim its spending in wake of flat sales and profits under pressure ; investors and analysts have given up earlier hopes that Pfizer will announce broad cuts in its sales force or research spending , even though some of its biggest-selling drugs will soon face competition from low-priced generics ; photo ( M )
According to American and Italian investigators , however , a list of Iraqi oil transactions from June 2000 to December 2002 , which Chevron provided to the Volcker committee , showed that the premium Chevron was paying to third parties went up after August 2000 , when the illegal surcharges began -- and continued to be paid even after Ms. Woertz 's warnings .
Wal-Mart store management never went to the police .
The successor to that unit , Edge Creative in Santa Monica , Calif. , had been independent from Creative Artists from 1995 and worked on Coca-Cola Classic campaigns until closing on May 1 .
Motorola is expected to offer further explanation in a conference call on Wednesday , but executives said today that profit margins in the cellular business were expected to rise to 10 percent by the fourth quarter of the year .
A DISPUTE over the uniqueness of a popular new commercial for the Apple iPod is again raising the issue of what constitutes originality in advertising .
Loans represent just over 10 percent of gross domestic product in Mexico , said Sanford I. Weill , chief executive of Citigroup , in an interview yesterday .
Microsoft Fight Will Be Waged On Wide Front
A number of researchers said that Intel 's interest in optical communications was largely driven by a need to get around the inherent speed barriers in metal wires that limit the performance of computers .
Statements like these elicit smirks from Mr. DeRose , who likes to read from Coca-Cola 's 1997 annual report -- such lines as ''Sales of Coca-Cola and other company products exceed one billion servings per day '' -- as part of his sales pitch .
For the quarter , Intel reported earnings of $ 1.31 billion , or $ 1.48 a share , up 41 percent from $ 931 million , or $ 1.05 a share , in the comparable period a year ago .
A Seoul court rejected Microsoft 's request to suspend the ruling last month .
Rather than simply switching colors overnight , though , Ms. Whitman directed eBay 's engineers to bleach the gray over the course of 30 days .
Cisco , which makes routers , switches and other networking equipment , is selling itself as an agent of productivity gains for its customers -- whether they are companies or entire countries .
Technology Briefing | Software : RealNetworks In Deal With Cisco
George M. C. Fisher , Kodak 's chief executive , and Daniel A. Carp , Kodak 's president , were holding a regularly scheduled state-of-the-company session with employees when the call came in that Mr. Kavetas had collapsed at his home .
Goodby , Silverstein will also handle what McClain Ramsey , a Nike spokeswoman , described as ''selective brand-level domestic assignments '' for apparel , women 's sports and the ACG line of gear for outdoor sports .
The district court rejected Microsoft 's request for an evidentiary hearing not because such a hearing was unnecessary to resolve factual issues , but because it did not think that testimony from knowledgeable witnesses would be useful in resolving such issues .
Shares in Hyundai Merchant Marine and Hyundai Securities rise on rumors that group led by American International Group is nearing deal to buy Hyundai Securities ; companies deny report that Hyundai Merchant Marine has agreed to sell its 16.6 percent stake in Hyundai Securities to ease AIG takeover ( S )
Ms. Sandin said that many Wal-Mart employees disliked the tougher scheduling demands , which typically did not take seniority into account .
''We obviously try to keep it as far away from the amateur market as we possibly can , '' said Anthony Doyle , Kodak 's marketing manager .
CrossWorlds will become part of I.B.M .
In this case , Wal-Mart bought the pajamas from a Canadian distributor , who in turn had imported them from Cuba .
But Tiffany claims Overstock sold counterfeit goods and said late last week that it would file suit .
( To placate the recording industry , Microsoft has made sure that songs are not copied to other members ' systems but will play only from the original owner 's computer . )
Nike , the world 's largest athletic shoe company , let Mr. O'Rourke visit the factory in December while he was in Vietnam working as a consultant for the United Nations Industrial Development Organization .
Apple attributed its surprisingly strong quarterly results to better-than-expected sales of its G3 Power Macintosh computers and to cost reductions .
Mr. Jobs said , meanwhile , that Apple had sold more than a million iPod portable music players and more than five million songs through its iTunes music store .
Apple Computer said today that for the first time it had broken the 1 gigahertz mark in single-processor performance in its personal computer product line , introducing a new high-end desktop system priced at $ 2,999 .
Amazon.com , the E-commerce pioneer whose stock price keeps soaring even though it has yet to make a profit , announced yesterday that it had leased a huge , highly mechanized warehouse near Reno , a sign that it intends to expand its own distribution system for the books , music CD 's and videos it sells .
A Trial Against News Corp. Is Allowed to Go Forward
Ebay is expected to end fees it charges software developers who build Web sites and software programs that channel buyers and sellers to its site ; move could help eBay protect its dominance of online auctioneering from encroachment by Yahoo and Google ; Google is encouraging software developers to create online programs using Google applications like Google Maps to entrench its applications as dominant standard ( M )
If the Microsoft ecosystem can not compete effectively with Apple , it 's a real problem for Microsoft . ''
Comcast said net income was $ 3.1 billion , or $ 1.41 a share , up from $ 76 million , or 8 cents , in the period last year .
But even more significant to Intel 's effort to regain momentum is a fundamental new chip design that the company says it will begin to roll out in the third quarter .
Micron Electronics Inc , maker of computer products , names Trahan , Burden & Charles to handle its advertising account , which has been in-house ( S )
I.B.M .
IBM introduces two new lines of desktop computer keyboards that eliminate need for clicking icons and moving a mouse around ; buttons in one line allow ready access to popular functions , and the pointing device used in the other is like Trackpoint on an IBM laptops ; photo ( S )
He came to Apple , he said , because he saw himself as first and foremost a desktop computer designer and he thought that the company , even in its deepest crises , was the place to be .
Morgan Stanley neither admitted nor denied the allegations but agreed to pay $ 50 million in penalties and surrendered profits .
Nearly a year before Merck received results from the clinical trial that prompted the company to withdraw its painkiller Vioxx from the market , the company received preliminary results from a separate study of patient records that also apparently indicated that the drug posed cardiovascular risks .
ESPN switched to Quigo from Yahoo last fall , in part , because of Quigo 's transparency , said Ed Erhardt , the network 's president of customer marketing and sales .
Mr. Bossidy , a former chairman of Honeywell , is a forceful executive , and some analysts said they thought he had effectively taken control of Merck .
Some current models of IBM laptop computers incorporate water-filled radiator systems to conduct heat generated by modern processors away from units ' electronics ( M )
Microsoft 's blue-sky projects are less sharply focused on the Internet .
''Continental is an all-Boeing operator and a very good customer , '' said Jim Condelles , a spokesman for Boeing 's commercial airplanes division .
Those products helped PepsiCo post solid growth in each of its major business units .
Roberta Goodman , an analyst at Merrill Lynch , noted that Aetna 's medical cost increases of 15 to 16 percent were still substantially above other companies ' increases , suggesting that Aetna might have to raise prices faster than competitors .
Microsoft says that the Government and Sun are misrepresenting both its actions and its motives .
Six months ago , even some of Apple 's most loyal supporters struggled with those questions .
Boeing feared that it would not be able to sell enough of either type of new jet to repay development costs .
Coca-Cola now deals with more than two dozen agencies around the world -- large and small , old and new -- on more than two dozen soft drink brands .
Dr. Mark B. McClellan , the administrator of the federal Medicare and Medicaid programs , declined to comment on Pfizer 's action yesterday , other than to note that he had urged all of the drug makers ''to continue their existing programs . ''
Consider Christopher Rogers , a 25-year-old medical student in Philadelphia , who seems little concerned by the dominance of Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
Last month Mr. Ellison announced that Oracle planned to introduce a new version of its Oracle 8 data base program code-named Raw Iron , which he said would be sold by makers of PC server computers , including Compaq , Sun Microsystems , Hewlett-Packard and Dell Computer as an adaptation that would , in effect , render the operating system invisible to the user .
The first ad contends that Microsoft 's ability to integrate new features into its software is beneficial to the nation 's well-being .
Trying to refute a central accusation in the Government 's antitrust case , the Microsoft Corporation produced a secret E-mail message today from the chairman of the Netscape Communications Corporation seeking Microsoft 's cooperation , offering to stay out of its way and suggesting that Microsoft invest in Netscape .
And future versions of Windows will be offered in a form that allows buyers to accept certain new software features Microsoft chooses to offer -- or to decide they do not want them and use a competing product .
AMR Corporation earns surprise fourth-quarter profit ; Southwest Airlines says net income fell ; AMR reports $ 17 million fourth-quarter profit , compared to year-earlier loss ; posts full-year profit of $ 231 million after loss of $ 8.12 billion from 2001 through 2005 ; fourth quarter revenue rose to 5.4 billion ; Southwest 's profit dropped 19 percent on 41 percent jump in fuel spending ; profit was $ 57 million , down from $ 70 million year earlier ; revenue increased 15 percent , to $ 2.28 billion , compared with $ 484 million in 2005 ( M )
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , the world 's second-largest cruise line , announced today that it had agreed to plead guilty to Federal charges of dumping oil at sea , lying to the Coast Guard about the discharges and tampering with witnesses and evidence , and as a result would pay $ 9 million in penalties .
Microsoft shares have lost about a quarter of their value since Nov. 8 , when Mr. Allen arranged the last of the collars .
A consortium of five Asian companies and a unit of Verizon Communications has agreed to build a high-speed fiber optic cable to link China and the United States by the time the Olympic Games open in Beijing in August 2008 .
The utility concept , also called computing on demand , builds on work that has been nurtured in I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Oracle is arguing that , among other things , some of PeopleSoft 's directors are not as independent as the company claims , according to Oracle 's pretrial brief released last week .
Last week , hours after Apple Computer rolled out its newest iPod model , the Nano , in California , Sony unveiled what it hopes will be an iPod-killer in Tokyo .
Apple Computer and the Microsoft Corporation have been making frequent references lately to services they will provide to their clients ( that 's you , if you use either Mac OS 9 or the forthcoming Windows 2000 ) via the Internet .
In a symbolic concession that it can not control all facets of Internet technology , the Microsoft Corporation has agreed to license the latest audio and video player from Real Networks rather than favor its own less popular competing product .
''It is not glamorous , '' said Bill Simon , an executive vice president at Wal-Mart .
For Microsoft , which is a very profitable company no matter how you count profits , such a change will not make its history look bad .
''I think one of the challenges I have in general will be to translate the experience I have at Goldman Sachs into my new job , and to also be smart enough to know that everything is n't translatable and that I have a lot to learn . ''
By locking the software to a specific computer , Microsoft hopes to cut down on unlicensed installations of its programs .
Cisco has now fallen about 80 percent from its all-time high , erasing more than $ 400 billion in wealth , actual or on paper .
It became clear a few years ago that Cisco , the biggest maker of Internet switches , was on a collision course with Lucent and Nortel , North America 's biggest makers of traditional telephone equipment .
Though Boeing now has more orders for the 737 than it can handle and has paid heavy penalties to airlines for missing delivery dates , workers fear that they will lose their jobs if orders dry up in the future .
''Management is taking the right steps to reposition Aetna , '' Ms. Price of Chase H & Q said .
Molson also shifted Kaiser 's advertising account from Bates Brasil to W/Brasil and gave the Kaiser brand a fresh ad campaign .
Some analysts said they were surprised , asserting that it would take at least a year or two for Aetna to overcome its problems .
As for carrying the network in non-Big Ten markets at 10 cents a subscriber , he said Comcast would most likely make it available as a subscription service like Major League Baseball 's Extra Innings out-of-market package .
Apple was a pioneer , so an inordinate share of industry people and technology journalists got hooked on computing thanks to the Apple II and , later , the Macintosh .
Medtronic said the European approval would allow it to begin marketing Endeavor in every major European country except France , where reimbursement hearings are needed .
Starbucks 's edge , according to Howard D. Schultz , the company 's chairman and chief global strategist , is the customization of each beverage and the preparation ritual that will go along with preparing it .
Verizon Plans Fast Internet For Cellphones
If Carnival does buy Princess , within three years it is likely to command at least 50 percent of the worldwide cruise market .
He said Apple hoped to sell 100 million songs during the online store 's first year .
The Ford Motor Company said on Monday that it had completed a deal to sell its Hertz rental car unit to a group of private investors in a $ 5.6 billion deal .
Four technology companies and seven American university announce agreement on principles for making software developed in collaborative projects freely available ; companies are IBM , Hewlett-Packard , Intel and Cisco , and educational institutions are Renssalaer Polytechnic Institute and Georgia Institute of Technology and universities of Stanford , California at Berkeley , Carnegie Mellon , Illinois and Texas ; agreement should reduce legal wrangling over intellectual property rights that is slowing pace of innovation and prompting some companies to seek university partners in other countries ( M )
In one example cited in the report , Exxon Mobil started an oil distribution firm in Equatorial Guinea in 1998 , 15 percent of which was owned by Abayak S.A. , a company controlled by Mr. Obiang .
''All my children will be treated equally and I look forward to the day when Lachlan wants to return to News Corporation . ''
Mr. Gerstner was not available for comment yesterday , but in his memo he said that the changes were part of the periodic shifts he had made since joining the company in 1993 to keep I.B.M .
The MWD ticker was always an awkward one , combining the M of Morgan Stanley with the W from Dean Witter 's name and D for Discover , the credit card unit .
She filed a formal complaint ; Kodak , she said , first offered her $ 4,992 , then raised the offer to $ 8,268 when she retained a lawyer .
While he is skeptical about fighting such attacks with generally available security software , he did not directly discuss Microsoft 's approach to combating them .
Among other things , Microsoft decided to give its Internet Explorer browser away for free .
The Ford Motor Company has agreed to buy multiyear , multimedia advertising packages from Time Inc. and Hachette Filipacchi Magazines as part of an ambitious drive to improve its marketing efforts by sponsoring elaborate sales pitches coordinated with media giants .
Microsoft Corp chairman Steven Ballmer , heralding era he refers to as 'vision version 2.0 , ' announces reorganization of company into five divisions that he suggests will act with some independence ; Ballmer , in teleconference held with William H Gates , says he is beginning to reinvent company , focusing it on initiatives that are largely 'customer driven ' ; adds reorganization has nothing to do with Justice Department 's antitrust suit ; five new groups listed ; photo ( M )
Three months after the trial opened , Microsoft finished questioning the Government 's final witness , Franklin M. Fisher , another M.I.T economist .
Apple Beats Outlook on IPod and Mac Sales
So we allow Wal-Mart into one of the most exploitative parts of financial services , but we do not let the company try to make money by offering truly useful services .
Few people seem worried that the American Telephone and Telegraph Company is trying to rebuild the monolithic empire of Ma Bell , even though the acquisition of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. for $ 12.6 billion will plunge A.T. & .
Yesterday , Mr. Heires said some items of clothing had exceeded the company 's sales expectations , although most analysts say they think Wal-Mart is doing a better job of reinventing men 's clothing than women 's .
The Coca-Cola Company is forming a partnership with the young professional golfer Tiger Woods by affiliating with his foundation to help in fund-raising activities .
portrayed SCO 's campaign as an effort to extract a big payday from I.B.M .
Microsoft replies that since the rise of the Internet the company had always planned to fold the software used to browse the World Wide Web into its operating system .
Some months ago , a friend told me about the Essex Street Market , the 15,000-square-foot enclosed food hall on the lower East Side of Manhattan , and I felt as if I were a soprano hearing the name Donizetti for the first time .
Cisco , Juniper and Sycamore are spoiling to sell equipment to both established and upstart communications carriers for the next generation of high-speed networks .
From AT & T 's point of view , the investment might well make sense in the wake of Sprint 's joint venture with a group of cable companies , led by Tele-Communications , the nation 's largest cable operator .
And as her 90-minute tour of the Microsoft Home made clear , there are differences between it and Mr. Gates 's own much-talked-about house a few miles away .
Morgan Stanley is also reducing the number of sales trainees to 1,000 from 2,400 , and cutting the bottom 10 percent of advisers , ranked by performance .
Cisco shares fell 28 cents , to $ 19.26 , in regular trading and slipped to $ 18.93 in after-hours trading .
''They 've made a big advance , '' said Joan Feigenbaum , a researcher at AT & T Labs in Murray Hill , N.J. , who is familiar with the work of the two computer scientists who developed the system , Miklos Ajtai and Cynthia Dwork of I.B.M .
Cablevision Systems , the Long Island operator , has yet to strike a deal with Fox , although DirecTV , the satellite television service controlled by the News Corporation , has agreed to carry it .
In e-mail messages to another senior executive written Dec. 20 , 1996 , and Jan. 2 , 1997 -- more than three months after the federal government had begun obtaining documents relating to Microsoft 's Internet strategy -- Mr. Allchin wrote : ''I do not believe we can win on our current path .
Ford says its overall sales in April fell 7 percent on selling-day adjusted basis ; distinction made because year ago , there were two more selling days in April ; Ford 's decline would have been 12 percent without its crossover vehicle Edge and two other new crossovers in its lineup ; Ford 's market share dropped to 17 percent from 18 percent year ago ; General Motors ' market share slipped to 23 percent from 23.5 percent , while Chrysler Group had rare increase , to 14.4 percent from 13.1 percent ; Toyota leads all automakers in worldwide sales ; charts ; photos ( L )
The Ford Motor Company significantly widened a recall yesterday that already involved millions of vehicles with cruise control systems that are prone to catching fire .
After Looking Elsewhere , Microsoft Will Expand at Home
The joint venture will combine Star TV 's the 30 entertainment , music , and sports channels of Star TV , which is controlled by the News Corporation , with Cable and Wireless HKT 's Internet-access and interactive television services .
Intel also raised its forecast for gross margin , the percentage of sales after deducting manufacturing costs , to 62 percent from the previous forecast of 60 percent .
On the financial side , AT & T said it would take a $ 6 billion charge against earnings , which will reduce its after-tax earnings for the fourth quarter of 1995 by $ 4 billion .
Denying the Microsoft Corporation access to the research of two business school professors , a Federal appeals court in Boston ruled unanimously yesterday that scholars should be granted First Amendment privileges similar to those of journalists .
Yahoo has introduced a test version of a new search service that it claims can comb through 50 million music , voice and other audio files .
Three former Boeing employees have been charged , and others are being investigated by the Pentagon and by the United States attorney in Los Angeles over possible further thefts related to NASA contracts .
Nullsoft may have touched a nerve at AOL , which will own one of the world 's largest record companies after its planned acquisition of Time Warner .
Correction : March 16 , 2000 , Thursday A headline in Business Day yesterday about a licensing agreement between Microsoft and RealNetworks referred to the deal imprecisely .
To educate consumers , Monsanto and Pfizer also enlisted members of the American Gastroenterological Association in a campaign paid for by the companies that encouraged people with arthritis and other patients to take a quiz to see if they might be at risk for developing serious ulcers .
Aetna Inc. and the ING Group , the Dutch financial services company , said yesterday that they were discussing a new offer from ING to buy Aetna 's financial and international divisions .
A Congressional committee is accusing the Goldman Sachs Group and two other investment banks of rewarding senior executives of their corporate clients with preferential allocations of new stocks , according to a committee document obtained yesterday .
But in a statement prepared for this article Microsoft said that though music could be stored on the hard drive , it could not be copied on ''CD 's , MP3 's or any other devices . ''
In contrast to Mattel 's loss , its rival Hasbro Inc. reported a 77 percent gain in net income and a 38 percent rise in revenue .
Excluding certain expenses , Oracle would have earned 25 cents a share , beating the average forecast of 23 cents a share by analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial .
Goodyear also said it would close an old plant in Gadsden , Ala. , and that it would ''rationalize '' operations in Latin America and Asia .
''Hewlett-Packard is moving up the printer scale , so Xerox has no choice but to start moving down , '' said Jack L. Kelly , who follows Xerox for Goldman , Sachs & Company .
Although the actual contract is confidential , Microsoft officials and Sun executives said they were willing to make the contract public if the other side would agree .
''Arthur Andersen and its partners failed to stand up to company management and thereby betrayed their ultimate allegiance to Waste Management 's shareholders and the investing public , '' said Richard H. Walker , the commission 's director of enforcement .
The court said that ''Broadcom 's approach to protecting Intel 's trade secrets was extremely cavalier , '' adding that it found excuses offered in testimony by Broadcom 's chief executive , Henry T. Nicholas III , ''unpersuasive and not credible . ''
Alluding to one possible remedy should Microsoft be found guilty -- giving the Government a role in product development -- he said , ''I think all of us agree that central planning is bad . ''
Cigna also said yesterday that it planned to cut costs in its American property and casualty business , in a move that could result in a third-quarter pretax charge of as much as $ 75 million .
An Order for Airbus Hits Its Rival , Boeing , Close to Home
Oracle 's earnings release came just days after a federal judge here ruled last Thursday that Oracle could proceed with its $ 7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft , following a monthlong trial that ended on July 20 .
Apple does not give out Japan sales data .
So the News Corporation and Echostar agreed to make peace .
If ''know thine enemy '' is good advice , Mr. Rickard was a perfect choice : he goes to Sharp after 21 years at Xerox , many of them running its network of independent sales representatives and distributors .
George Schweitzer , president of the CBS marketing group , said he was hoping to generate some laughter in American kitchens .
''It 's bizarre and inappropriate that they would accept a Microsoft anti-piracy assignment while getting paid to attack the company with cash-for-trash tactics , '' said Vivek Varma , a Microsoft spokesman .
The result will be a shift of an estimated $ 50 million to $ 100 million a year from the stations to the network , which is owned by the News Corporation .
''They may say , we were willing to let the field go to three , but we 're concerned about it going to two , '' said Nate Eimer , an antitrust lawyer with Eimer Stahl Klevorn & Solberg in Chicago , referring to the Justice Department 's antitrust review of Oracle 's takeover bid .
''You should know that ever since my arrival last June I have been assessing the possibility of our combining FCB 's assets with some of the other IPG business units , '' Mr. Blamer wrote , referring to Interpublic by its stock ticker symbol .
The AT & T proposal calls for offering a variety of data-rate services ranging from 32 kilobits , which is about the performance of a high-speed modem , up to 1.5 megabits , a data rate that is now used for high-quality video teleconferencing .
The decision , described by American Express executives in a memorandum to employees yesterday , reverses an early decision to significantly reduce the number of workers in Lower Manhattan by shifting some of them to Jersey City .
And Cisco 's unusual decision to back a start-up with the express intent of buying it has not worked out as well as expected .
And with a charge of $ 192 million related to an acquisition , Texas Instruments suffered a net loss of $ 148 million , or 78 cents a share .
Time Warner Inc announces formation of Time Warner E-Commerce ; unit will consolidate company 's direct-marketing efforts already on World Wide Web and introduce other programs ; Michael Pepe is named president of new unit ( S )
Video Gear Helps to Lift Cisco 's Profit And Shares
In only its second week on the market , Viagra , Pfizer 's impotence drug , accounted for 79.2 percent of the new prescriptions written for the condition , causing the market shares of its competitors to plunge , according to I.M.S. America , a health care information company .
AT & T also said it had failed to sign up enough service providers to make the system affordable .
The appointment means , she added , Interpublic will finally be led by top executives with experience in the upper ranks of public companies .
As for Mr. Boies 's repeated success at humilating Microsoft 's witnesses in court early this year , Mr .
In January the following year , Excite created My Excite , which was followed that summer by My Yahoo .
In two hours of questioning , the lawyer , W. Mark Lanier , confronted Dr. Nancy Santanello , Merck 's head of epidemiology , with letters from the Food and Drug Administration that criticized the way Merck marketed the painkiller Vioxx and other drugs .
Tim Rothwell , president of Marvel 's consumer media group , said his company and Microsoft hoped to release their new game in 2008 .
Mr. Williams and Tyson Foods have denied those charges .
Accounting experts estimate that Time Warner may be able to avoid hundreds of millions of dollars in capital gains tax .
Also , according to the Gartner research group , Samsung overtook Motorola in the third quarter in mobile phone sales , making the Korean company the world 's second-largest provider of handsets behind Nokia of Finland .
The region accounted for 1.6 percent of Bank of America 's total income , and a little more than 2 percent of global revenue .
For Mr. Mack , a crucial point of discussion will be the composition of the Morgan Stanley board , as all but one director was selected by the departing chief executive , Philip J. Purcell , who forced Mr. Mack out in 2001 .
Article on Robert A Lutz , vice chairman for product development at General Motors Corp ; says Lutz has mandate to reinvigorate design process , particularly its passenger cars , but there is little doubt that he also hopes to shake company out of its overall stodginess ; many Detroit insiders wonder whether he will help propel GM forward or simply be too different to fit in ; photos ( M )
Once the Siebel acquisition is completed , most likely early in 2006 , Oracle said it planned to promote Siebel 's customer relationship management program over similar software developed by both Oracle and PeopleSoft .
A glorious aura of family and patriotism surrounded Coca-Cola from the beginning .
Will the old Boeing salesman visit Airbus 's plant in southern France to take delivery of the first jet ?
Homeland Security Dept says computer users running most recent versions of Microsoft Windows operating system need to patch major security hole recently disclosed by Microsoft ( S )
When the company raised $ 11 million from the likes of Intel , it predicted that half its revenue would come from advertising .
But Ms. Wohl said she had been told that Microsoft had already received orders for 15 million copies of Office 2000 .
The article also misstated the extent of Apple 's promotional efforts .
A settlement would also clear the way for Time Warner to expand in a crucial business .
A Failed TV Show Attempts New Life as a Yahoo Webcast
Ronnie Dashev , chief operating officer of Maverick Records , said , ''Despite the fact that we do have substantial differences with Time Warner right now , we are hoping to be able to resolve them . ''
Microsoft said its earnings had come in near the top of its reduced forecast , largely on the strength of last-moment corporate purchases for its Windows 2000 desktop operating system at the end of last month .
But he did play a lead role in the decision to sell the Warner Music Group and the company 's half-interest in Comedy Central to Viacom , two of the many moves by Time Warner that have drawn the criticism of Mr. Icahn .
Morgan Stanley gained $ 3.01 , to $ 57.65 .
But Sun has one way of enabling these ''native '' calls on the operating system , while Microsoft has another .
A spokesman for the company , Warren Levy , said Cigna planned to improve its underwriting , reduce expenses and look for new areas of growth .
Molson has been losing market share in Canada to discount brands .
The company is also keenly aware that environmental issues are a high priority to the higher-income shopper that Wal-Mart is courting with a new line of urban fashions , 400-thread-count sheets and a line of baby clothes made with organic cotton .
Prof Drew McDermott Op-Ed article on artificial intelligence in light of victory of IBM computer over chess champion Garry Kasparov ; rejects view that intelligent behavior can only result from intelligent cogitation ; drawing ( M )
Despite high hopes for selling computers directly by way of the Internet , Apple also said it generated only $ 16 million in sales on its Web site during the second quarter of this year .
In an interview , Jill E. Barad , Mattel 's chief operating officer , who will become chief executive on Jan. 1 , predicted that Mattel 's Fisher-Price and Tyco 's Sesame Street products for preschoolers would have $ 1 billion in sales after the deal .
John S Reed , co-chairman of Citigroup , acknowledges in testimony before Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations that bank had been slow to correct years of weak controls over wealthy private accounts , and backs proposal that would prohibit American banks from accepting corrupt deposits from abroad ; says bank has made wholesale changes in its policies and culture since 1997 , to learn more about its wealthiest customers and to prevent them from laundering money through it ( M )
The two , and a third Lakeside colleague , Microsoft 's other co-founder , Paul G. Allen , liked to race through the streets of sleepy Albuquerque to a restaurant or theater .
Does A.T. & T. know the difference ?
Oracle Corp names Grey Advertising to handle its worldwide advertising account , which was handled by DDB Worldwide Communications Group ; billings estimated at $ 75 million to $ 90 million ( S )
''There 's a responsibility to rebuild the confidence of the shareholders after a series of disappointments , and I know that , '' said Mr. Dooner , who has worked 29 years for Interpublic and Interpublic agencies , including the largest , McCann-Erickson .
News of a deal between Corning and Pirelli was reported on The Wall Street Journal Web site .
In another E-mail in February 1998 , a Microsoft executive reported ''good progress '' in cleaning up the wording used on the company 's Web site .
Robert Annunziata , Global 's chief executive , plans to take his company 's case directly to investors this week -- much like Qwest has done -- after the company files documents with regulators today regarding its merger with Frontier .
Moody 's reduced WorldCom 's debt yesterday by three levels , to Ba2 , the second-highest junk bond rating , from Baa2 , the second-lowest investment grade rating .
After touching a new high on Monday , Intel shares closed today at $ 135.5625 , down $ 4.1875 , amid a broad drop in the technology-laden Nasdaq .
My hope is that in the coming months when this settlement becomes final there will be a new day at the Coca-Cola Company . ''
He added , ''The reason to come to work for News Corp. in the first place was Rupert Murdoch , and dealing with his family is all part of him .
A News Corporation spokesman said that the company knew it would need a majority of independent directors and that the board would conform to those requirements by the time the reorganization was completed .
Kodak complains that few stores promote such services well , or display frames or other products that would likely be impulse purchases for someone who has just made an 8 x 10 enlargement .
And the carriers ' weaknesses threaten to undermine even large established makers of communications equipment like Lucent Technologies , Nortel Networks and Cisco Systems , which are facing a decline in revenue as companies like Winstar defer expansion plans .
Yahoo will supervise production of the segments and promote the ''Smash '' series throughout its Web site , hoping that it will help Yahoo maintain an edge in the crowded field of digital music services , which includes rivals like America Online , Microsoft and Viacom 's MTV .
It also plans to call Cindy Bates , a Microsoft general manager .
In the face of that competition , Yahoo introduced a handful of new features intended to help customers simplify their online shopping tasks , including a price-alert function , along with a service allowing users to save products they are considering .
Jeff Brown , a spokesman for Electronic Arts , declined to comment on that speculation .
While Mr. Clinton said nothing about the tense talks , Harley-Davidson was a fitting backdrop : It has had huge sales success in Japan , home ground for its archrival Honda , but it remains barred from the Chinese market .
Lloyd Braun , ousted last year as the chairman of ABC Entertainment , will become head of entertainment and media content for Yahoo , the company announced yesterday .
In addition to Amazon 's system , the better-known examples include TiVo , the digital television recorder , and NetFlix , the online DVD rental service .
For the first time , Whole Foods Markets , 2421 Broadway ( 89th Street ) and 117 Prince Street ( Greene Street ) , has shmurah matzoh made of oat flour , for people allergic to wheat .
That Justice Souter , the least technically minded of the justices -- he still drafts his opinions by hand on a legal pad -- could even invite a dialogue about Apple iPods , much less suggest that he could be tempted to engage in illegal file sharing , was an indication of how this confrontation of powerful interests had engaged the court .
The Eastman Kodak Company , which has struggled to make its name as synonymous with digital photography as it is with film , named Antonio M. Perez its next chief executive yesterday .
The company is a big supplier of equipment to McCaw , a business that analysts say could be supplanted over time by A.T. & T. 's own equipment-manufacturing division .
And he started at once to scout for ''major initiatives '' to help revive the growth of I.B.M .
Mr. O'Rourke called on Nike to more closely monitor how many workers have respiratory problems .
Meanwhile , people involved said Rupert Murdoch , the chairman of the News Corporation , has discussed with both Mr. Parsons and Mr. Schmidt the folding in of his Web assets , including the recently acquired Myspace.com .
He has also worked to change the tone of communications from Home Depot 's headquarters .
Chrysler Group awards its massive consolidated advertising account to Omnicom Group 's BBDO Worldwide and PentaCom units ; account had been handled by FCB Worldwide , True North Communications unit ; True North chairman , David Bell , will reassure analysts that company will not be devastated by loss ( M )
''There were no walls and no barriers , '' recalled Bryan Lee , corporate vice president for the entertainment business at Microsoft .
In the American retail market for personal computers -- excluding direct-to-consumer sellers like Dell -- Advanced Micro surged slightly past Intel last October , with its processors in 49.8 percent of all desktop and notebook computers sold , compared with 48.5 percent for Intel .
Shares of Yahoo rose $ 4 , or 4.3 percent , today , to $ 97.25 , in Nasdaq trading .
In trading yesterday , WorldCom bonds fell sharply after the Moody 's announcement but then rebounded a little after the company announced its waiver .
But the new Aptiva E16 from the International Business Machines Corporation is a $ 999 unit that does almost everything right and has plenty of room to grow .
She said Ogilvy & Mather had been invited to participate , but she declined to discuss whether other Kimberly-Clark roster agencies would take part .
''Search will become more important for Yahoo , '' Mr. Semel said .
The reversal in the case , which involves Chevron 's accounting of natural gas sales to a company it partly owned , has renewed criticism that the Bush administration is reluctant to confront oil and gas companies and is lax in collecting royalties .
The District Court concluded that Microsoft 's contractual and technological bundling of the IE web browser ( the ''tied '' product ) with its Windows operating system ( ''OS '' ) ( the ''tying '' product ) resulted in a tying arrangement that was per se unlawful .
Allstate has experienced a setback in the long-running dispute over its efforts to convert its career agents into independent contractors to streamline its business and cut costs .
Microsoft is setting up a research group in Silicon Valley to work on technologies for the company 's push beyond the personal computer and increasingly into Internet services .
While Microsoft does n't throw in Word and Excel with Windows , it includes the palmtop versions of the software at no extra cost on all PocketPC hand-helds .
Adobe Systems Inc to introduce new program long known by as its code name , K2 , now called InDesign , but referred to by nearly everyone in publishing industry as Quark killer ; Adobe executives do not use the term 'Quark killer , ' but they make no bones about attacking Quark in its core market for high-end layout software ; rather than update Adobe 's familiar Pagemaker program , InDesign is entirely new product , company 's first in five years ; Adobe contends that program offers greater flexibility than Pagemaker or Quark , while providing tighter integration with Photoshop and Illustrator , its market-leading programs for processing photos and graphics ( M )
Document obtained by US Congressional investigators shows that while Ford Motor Co has resisted recommending higher pressure for Firestone tires on Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles in US , automaker was moving by 1999 to start using higher pressure for Explorers in Venezuela ; document also shows big difference between tires that Ford chooses for cars and tires that it chooses for sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks ( M )
The International Paper Company , the nation 's largest paper maker , announced yesterday that it would buy a rival , the Union Camp Corporation , for $ 5 billion in stock in one of the first consolidations in an industry that has consistently lost money because it produces too much .
Royal Caribbean 's targeted and localized marketing strategy won praise from financial analysts .
The reason Yahoo has done so well is that they are independent -- and they have been religious about it . ''
Mr. Redstone is also chairman and controlling shareholder of the CBS Corporation , which was split off from Viacom at the beginning of this year .
Last year , Yahoo was the top ad-supported Web site for the second consecutive year , generating $ 53.2 million in advertising , according to the Electronic Advertising and Marketplace Report .
His leaving Microsoft should not affect the company 's current business or product development .
Most of the big agencies -- including American Express , Rosenbluth , WorldTravel BTI and Carlson Wagonlit Travel -- have introduced their own small-business programs since the first of the year ; Navigant started its program two years ago and American Express had other , earlier programs .
Another doctor in Virginia received nearly $ 700,000 in consulting fees from Medtronic for the first nine months of 2005 .
Microsoft said that it would provide the information by the start of March but that the investigation would not delay Windows 2000 's introduction .
Similarly , in 2000 , Chevron started Chevron Energy Solutions to promote energy conservation products .
Bozell New York continues to handle brand and consumer advertising for Bank of America .
Since then , opposition to Monsanto 's biotechnology crops has subsided some even though biotech acreage has continued to rise .
Wal-Mart is expected to bid at least £3.2 billion in cash , though it may not disclose a price on Tuesday .
By necessity , travel departments ''are becoming increasingly aggressive '' in keeping costs under control , said Rusty Carpenter , the vice president for American Express Consulting Services , which helps corporations manage travel and purchasing expenses .
''We 're increasing the size of the army , '' said Janet Perna , general manager of the I.B.M .
An I.B.M .
Still , one senior executive is curiously absent for the most part : Steven Ballmer , currently Microsoft 's president .
The move is also meant to slow the rapid rise of Microsoft 's office-network version of Windows , called Windows NT .
In the report 's main body , there appear to be no company documents , e-mail messages or other evidence that has not already been publicly disclosed in the two years since Merck stopped selling Vioxx .
Sun has painted cryptic slogans that seem to attack the Microsoft Corporation -- though not by name -- on the sides of buildings in big cities around the country .
In 1993 , he joined Westinghouse as president of the Group W radio unit , and later oversaw the integration of Westinghouse 's stations with CBS .
The iMac accounted for 54 percent of the 905,000 computers Apple shipped during the quarter , up from 42 percent a year ago .
''This could very easily enter 'deal jail , ' '' said Lawrence J. Haverty , associate portfolio manager of the Gabelli Global Multimedia Trust , which owns Time Warner shares .
As it turns out , Ogilvy has a creative director , Tom Bagot , who is a veteran of the I.B.M .
For Mr. Mack , who has taken every opportunity to advertise his ''one firm '' mantra , switching the symbol back to the cleaner MS was an easy way to get the message across that the old Morgan Stanley was back .
''The question we will now have to ask is whether what 's good for Boeing is good for America 's interests around the world , '' a senior State Department official said today , amending the famous remark about General Motors that was made during another era in American economic history .
Capping a whirlwind year of merging and rebranding that has come to characterize the telecommunications business , AT & T reported a 17 percent increase in quarterly profits yesterday driven by a sizable increase in wireless subscribers .
''Cable requires endless capital and Time Warner 's balance sheet can not support pouring more into it , '' said Emmanuel Gerard , a partner at the investment firm Gerard , Klauer & Mattison .
Floyd Norris column on American International Group 's financial transgressions focuses on possible motives since company appears to be in fine shape , albeit not as good as it claimed ; questions whether AIG management was determined to show that it was perfect or if it thought that fudging was completely acceptable , whatever some rule might say ; photo ( M )
Dr. Felten said he would not comment on Microsoft 's submission .
Microsoft said it would continue to make Internet Explorer available to computer companies that license Windows 95 , ''and we expect it to be popular , '' said William H. Neukom , the senior vice president for legal affairs .
''I 'm sure those kinds of conversations will take place , '' said Mr. Jadallah , a former Microsoft executive .
Mr. Allen , the co-founder of Microsoft and a sports mogul , was a firm believer in the power of the Web to change lives , and his investments reflected that .
A.T. & T .
With the entry of Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , into the 300-millimeter market , the changeover to the new process is sure to accelerate .
McCaw also began to market its services under the AT & T brand , Mr. Allen said .
He asserted that the Microsoft Corporation did not hold a monopoly in personal computer operating system software , that it faced vicious and serious competitors charging from every direction .
Shares of Pfizer rose 3.7 percent , or 97 cents , to $ 26.90 , leading a rally among drug makers .
''This also gives eBay the potential to win more users , '' he said , ''since these sellers will probably start following their auctions on the site . ''
-- whose profits have been far more robust than its crosstown rival Ford Motor -- forecast improving results for 2004 on the strength of a new product wave and optimistic projections for North American industry sales .
Symantec said yesterday that it had been given a patent on its advanced heuristic antivirus technology .
MARKET PLACE Correction : April 8 , 2004 , Thursday A chart in Business Day yesterday with an article about the News Corporation 's plan to incorporate in the United States misstated the status of Kenneth E. Cowley , Roderick I. Eddington and Andrew S. B. Knight .
The Hewlett-Packard model sports the H.-P. logo but is otherwise virtually identical to Apple 's model .
In addition to the $ 750 million charge after taxes , or $ 1.2 billion before taxes , Cigna said it was reorganizing its property and liability insurance business to separate the operations that handle policies with environmental and asbestos claims from other , profitable businesses .
A new deal may be attractive to Verizon , if it means finally getting full control of the company .
According to Ms. Adams , when Boeing first learned of the problem , engineers believed that ''what these were doing was letting fuel leak from tank to tank , and that was n't any problem . ''
General Motors agrees to edit commercial that shows factory robot driven to suicide after losing its job ; American Foundation for Suicide Prevention complained ad was callous ( S )
Analysis of how Exxon chmn Lee R Raymond and Mobil chmn Lucio A Noto pulled off world 's largest corporate merger , deal between two companies that were once part of a monolithic whole but that , during 87 years apart , had grown as proud and self-sufficient as sovereign empire ; they assembled merger of their companies largely in secret ; photo ( M )
International Business Machines Corp reports 12 percent gain in fourth-quarter earnings , to $ 2.35 billion , which exceeds analysts ' estimates ; revenues rise 6 percent , to $ 25.13 billion ; global services and software account for nearly 60 percent of gross profits at company ; personal computer sales are up , but revenues from mainframes and servers are both down ( M )
Compressed Data ; A Microsoft Innovator To Venture Farther Out
For its part , AT & T has been scrambling to develop a video strategy ever since it became clear that it would soon be allowed to compete for customers with local telephone companies .
The questioning turned unusually testy as Michael Lacovara , a Microsoft lawyer , asked Franklin M. Fisher , an M.I.T .
The ranks of nonprofessional developers , Microsoft estimates , are growing at about 8 percent to 15 percent a year , which is four or five times the growth rate of professional developers .
After months of tentative discussions , the board of General Motors agreed on Tuesday to begin negotiating in earnest to sell control of G.M .
Wall Street analysts had estimated that Citigroup would report earnings of 80 cents a share .
After lawyers for Merck denied they conducted polling or were attempting to influence the jury outside of court , Judge Ben Hardin , who is overseeing the case , said he would warn the jurors to report any efforts to influence them .
In recent months , its financial losses have mounted , as well as the loss of some of its share of the market while its larger rival , General Motors , has gained somewhat .
He introduced a new initiative from Microsoft called shared source , in which the company will let some of its software development partners view -- but not copy -- some of the Microsoft Windows source code .
Interview with Steven Brill , editor and entrepreneur who reluctantly sold his minority stakes in Court TV and American Lawyer Media to former partner , Time Warner Inc ; he discusses plans and career ; photo ( M )
If any company has a chance at making inroads against Microsoft 's Office it may well be Sun Microsystems , which has the money and technology expertise to market Star Office aggressively .
Such players hold only about 60 songs ( and , of course , lack the elegance of Apple 's hardware and software ) .
Newest IPod From Apple Holds Photos And Music
Standard & Poor 's responded by cutting Kodak 's credit rating to BB+ from BBB- .
What Microsoft may be preparing to do , and what Apple Computer has already started to do with its iTools , is to create a technical country club in cyberspace where the food is superior , the golf courses are more manicured , the pool is Bondi blue , the best coaches work there , the parties are cooler , and there are no old junkers in the parking lot .
The 89-page complaint offers at least seven examples of what it claims were fraudulent and highly lucrative transactions that Bank of America managers arranged for Parmalat subsidiaries in Venezuela , Brazil , Chile and South Africa .
While Monsanto 's Roundup herbicide business is strong and its biotechnology seeds are highly profitable , the company had management and inventory problems in Latin America last year , and its spending on research and development is high , analysts say .
Not all of the eight contracts , however , involve Boeing .
The blunt , burly Mr. Meyerson , 44 , has become a kind of in-house poster boy for how much things have changed within I.B.M .
All of which , along with a likely change in leadership at Time Warner sometime next year , may provide an inflection point for the unthinkable : a Time Warner without Time .
The unexpected announcement ended years of speculation about when Mr. Weill , 70 , would put a succession plan in place at Citigroup , the world 's largest financial services company .
One of the nation 's largest insurance companies , American International Group , is planning to keep its headquarters in downtown Manhattan for the next 15 years and to add more than 1,800 new jobs in return for tax breaks , city officials said .
Such fear may help undercut the cultural change that AT & T officials make clear they are seeking , in which obedience and seniority are supposed to give way to an environment of ambition and star performers .
''Clearly , the longer the deal takes to close , you are delayed in combining the two programs and the drug-eluting stent market is hugely competitive , '' said Lawrence Keusch , an analyst for Goldman Sachs , which has an investment banking relationship with Johnson & Johnson .
Los Angeles Times Magazine and owners of Staples Center sports arena share $ 2 billion in advertising revenue from newspaper 's Oct 10 issue of its magazine , which was devoted to the arena ; it is unusual for newspaper to share profits with institution that is focus of continuing news coverage ; officials of Los Angeles Times and arena decline comment ; center is owned by Philip Anschutz , Denver billionaire and large shareholder of Qwest Communications ; Ed Roski Jr , wealthy real estate executive , and News Corp , which holds 40 percent stake ; arena , which cost about $ 400 million to build , is home to Lakers and Clippers professional basketball teams and professional hockey team the Kings ( M )
Boeing stresses that the 777 has slightly wider seats and aisles than its older planes .
Since filing a lawsuit claiming that I.B.M .
In recent months , Mr. Maffei had displayed some restlessness at Microsoft , showing an interest in finding the top job at another company .
Mr. Petracca said designs for the retail center were being redrawn to accommodate Target , which came on board only about one year ago , after other prospective anchors withdrew .
Instead , they said , retailers will probably continue to stock the known brands , and sacrifice less popular games from smaller companies that lack Electronic Arts ' marketing power .
None of those problems interfered with antitrust review of the merger , which the Federal Trade Commission approved just over a month ago based on assurances that Johnson & Johnson would divest itself of a handful of assets .
The Coca-Cola Company expanded its reach into Europe by buying Valser , a well-known Swiss bottled water company .
Jeff Bezos , Amazon 's chief executive , in a written response to questions for this article , pointed to a longer-term perspective , noting several recent customer-oriented initiatives ''that wo n't pay off for years . ''
Yesterday , in that most hallowed of Wall Street publicity rituals , Campbell 's chief executive , David W. Johnson , rang the brass bell to open the New York Stock Exchange in commemoration of the centennial , and to do a little proselytizing for what he calls ''soup-in-glass . ''
Internet travel sites like Travelocity and Expedia that establish themselves as trusted brands will dominate new on-line reservation market and furiously shake up traditional travel agency business ; Wal-Mart says it is developing its own on-line travel site ( M )
And , Kodak has an arrangement that enables subscribers to America Online to receive digital photographs via E-mail .
The Bristol-Myers Squibb decision brings MindShare back into the pharmaceutical category after a two-month absence .
Boeing said yesterday that it had raised its estimates of profit margins for the full year to a range of 5 percent to 5.5 percent from a previous estimate of 4 percent to 5 percent .
''1997 is going to be a year of rebuilding for the Powerbook line , '' said Barbara Cardillo , Apple 's director of product marketing for the Powerbook division .
Phoenix has become a force within China because it reaches more than 140 million viewers and has its own Chinese-language news broadcasts , a privilege no other private company has .
Dave Winer , an on-line columnist and president of Userland Software Inc. , which develops programs for the Apple Macintosh among other computing platforms , recently wrote an essay about Apple called ''The Sure Road to Bankruptcy '' ( found at www.scripting.com ) .
In the last few months , Rupert Murdoch , the News Corporation chairman , has announced a series of Web deals including the purchase of Myspace.com , a social networking site .
Microsoft also asked Judge Kollar-Kotelly to disregard the states ' assertion that restrictions should extend to devices like hand-held computers and television set-top boxes , because the case concerns only competition in the market for personal computer operating systems .
Analysts had expected a profit of 33 cents a share ; Kodak posted a loss of 50 cents .
Sarita Gupta , national field director for Jobs With Justice , says that Wal-Mart -- with what she considers a poor record of low wages , meager benefits and the elimination of thousands of small retailers unable to compete with Wal-Mart 's low prices -- should not be rewarded with a bank .
So when I heard that the Intel Corporation was planning to broadcast the live performances of 300 bands on line this week and call the adventure a ''music festival , '' my first reaction was skepticism .
The average negotiated first-class round-trip fare on 160 major international routes tracked by the American Express Business Travel Monitor was $ 11,610 , up 4 percent , in the fourth quarter of 2005 .
AT & T said Lucent is expected to be fully spun off by Sept. 17 .
Elsewhere , Verizon asserts that dozens of times this year , Comcast and other cable providers ran their wires down phone company pipes instead of installing separate conduits .
A small group of Boeing engineers used Crater to do the job .
Until recently Microsoft was able to use its browser and other software to direct people to MSN by default .
Pfizer shares have risen 16 percent this year but are still down by almost half from the highs they set six years ago .
Steel Alliance Washington trade organization that promotes the use of steel , takes top honors at the Advertising Research Foundation 's fifth annual David Ogilvy Award ceremony for excellence in research ; sharing the award for research that best supported successful campaign are GSD & M , part of Omnicom Group and Orem , Utah , office of Wirthlin Worldwide ( Advertising column ) ( S )
Federal government moves on two fronts to protect interests of Enron investors and retirement-plan participants , as parties in company 's bankruptcy proceedings maneuver to lay claim to company 's dwindling assets ; Labor Department officials accuse Enron of backing out of agreement to pay independent investment firm State Street Corp to oversee its three employee pension plans , move that angry officials with agency describe as 'repudiation ' of deal signed less than month ago ; Enron denies backing out of deal , but Labor Department officials say dispute is sure to delay transfer of control of pension plans out of hands of Enron executives who have been criticized for not protecting interests of employees and retirees as Enron 's stock plunged last fall ; Securities and Exchange Commission also says it will ask that US Bankruptcy Judge Arthur J Gonzalez appoint independent examiner with expanded powers to investigate Enron 's collapse and potential conflicts of interest in bankruptcy case ; SEC is supporting move by group of creditors , including various pension and retirement funds , because of widespread accusations of conflicts of interest involving companies with longstanding ties to Enron , including Citigroup , Credit Suisse First Boston and J P Morgan Chase ; Labor Department solicitor Eugene Scalia says Enron should abide by agreement to pay State Street Corp to oversee its pension plans ; photo ( M )
The third entry is General Electric 's Economic Simplified Boiling Water Reactor , derived from its boiling water reactor design .
Experts said it would be harder for the government to argue that Oracle and PeopleSoft pose a threat to competition in business software if Microsoft is elbowing its way into the market .
Mr. Icahn wants to break Time Warner into pieces and has said he plans to mount a proxy fight to gain control of its board at the next annual meeting .
I.B.M .
Intel broadcasts the digital transmission through two dual-Pentium II 333-megahertz servers , which in turn distribute the signals over the Internet .
Gap Opens Review For 3 Retail Chains
With 20 games available to start with , Microsoft is trying to regain momentum lost with its tepid introduction last month in Japan , the home turf of its competitors , Sony and Nintendo .
''If McDonald 's believes -- and maybe they do n't -- that the consumer who 's concerned about their fat content is going to respond positively to these salads , they 're in for a surprise , '' said Kelly O'Keefe , the chairman at Emergence Labs in Richmond , Va. , a brand and strategic positioning consulting firm .
Paul Hodgson , a senior compensation analyst at the Corporate Library , described Morgan Stanley 's contract negotiations with Mr. Mack as an ''ice cream war '' between children , where one wants as much as the other .
''We are relieved that no new incremental material bad news was released on this call , '' Alexia S. Quadrani , the analyst who follows Interpublic for Bear Stearns , wrote in a research note , ''although we believe that the lack of definitive financial information and uncertainty '' may continue to limit the potential for Interpublic stock to rise ''in the intermediate term . ''
The software will be renamed Microsoft Dynamics GP when it is released .
Motorola sharply revises its earnings estimates for first three months of year , dropping its revenue projections by billion dollars for quarter ; also announces management shake-up and says it is expanding stock-buyback program , addressing demand of billionaire investor Carl C Icahn , who has purchased large number of shares ; chief executive Edward J Zander comments ; Gregory Q Brown , president of Motorola 's network and enterprise business , is named president and chief operating officer of overall company ; Brown will assume some responsibilities formerly held by Ronald G Garriques , longtime head of Motorola 's mobile devices division , who joined Dell in February ; chief financial officer David W Devonshire will retire in April ; Thomas J Meredith is named acting chief financial officer ( M )
Advertising column on rapid consolidation that is remaking Madison Avenue ; latest example is Interpublic Group of Companies ' acquisition of last of big independent agencies , Deutsch Inc ; photo ( M )
For Bank of America , which has made acquisitions of several financial institutions in the United States , including last year 's $ 47 billion takeover of the FleetBoston Financial Corporation , the deal with China Construction is another indication of its plan to expand aggressively overseas .
Mr. Lacovara then asked Mr. Warren-Boulton if in January 1995 , he would have predicted that Netscape Communications might pose a threat to Microsoft .
But by its choice of witnesses and topics of emphasis , Microsoft also appears to be trying to mitigate damages , to soften the possible remedies , should it be found to have violated antitrust laws .
Apple Computer 's acting chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , stunned Wall Street analysts this morning by reporting that Apple would register a $ 45 million quarterly profit on revenue of $ 1.575 billion .
But this year , when he was creating the 21-song lineup for Madden NFL 2005 , one of Electronic Arts ' most popular titles , the labels sent Mr. Schnur 2,500 songs for his consideration .
The $ 750 million from the deals announced yesterday will go toward paying down $ 11 billion in debt from Raytheon 's recent acquisition of Texas Instruments Inc. 's military electronics business for $ 2.95 billion and pending purchase of the military division of Hughes Electronics from the General Motors Corporation for $ 9.5 billion .
Time Warner executives also argued that the stock has been depressed in recent days because of a securities offering by Houston Industries , which holds Time Warner preferred stock that can be converted into additional shares of Time Warner common -- a potential drag on the market for Time Warner shares .
In the federal antitrust case , Microsoft unsuccessfully argued that Web browsers were integral components of personal computer operating systems .
Investors , analysts and customers of the Oracle Corporation have grown accustomed to hearing its executives make caustic remarks about competitors .
After weighing the offer , Netscape rejected Microsoft 's embrace .
Advanced Micro Devices Inc introduces microprocessor with higher performance than fastest chips made by Intel Corp ; with top speed of 650 MHz , Advanced Micro 's new chip , known as Athion , edges out Intel , which last week introduced 600-MHz version of its flagship microprocessor , the Pentium III ; Advanced Micro says IBM and Compaq Computer Corp have already committed to using Athion in some computers ; shipments to computer manufacturers began last month ( M )
Pfizer is likely to continue winning bidding competitions for promising product licenses in the next several years because of its ability to pay top dollar and the skills of its sales force .
Goldman is paying an additional $ 30 million for its one-third stake in the joint venture , to be called Goldman Sachs Gaohua Securities , bringing the cost of its ticket to China to nearly $ 200 million .
Airlines are filling more seats ; Continental Airlines and Southwest Airlines say their load factor -- percentage of available seats sold -- and traffic increased in June from year ago ; International Air Transport Association says all major regions of world are reporting air traffic levels above those of 2000 , last normal year for industry ; United Airlines raises most of its international fares 5 percent to cover increased fuel prices ; Virgin Atlantic Airways is testing idea of staffing bars in its Upper Class Suites business-class cabins with bartenders who specialize in fancy cocktails ; Hawaiian Airlines pilot Craig Kobyashi escorted passenger Joshua Gotbaum off plane last month before departure from Honolulu to San Francisco , saying he was not comfortable having him aboard ; Gotbaum is court-appointed trustee overseeing carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization ; Kobyashi says many employees are emotional about Gotbaum for things he has done , such as freeze employees ' pension plan ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
But new microprocessors introduced by Intel in recent weeks , analysts say , are a strong competitive response for personal computers , both desktops and notebooks .
On the facts before us , however , we are inclined to conclude that the Windows 95/IE package is a genuine integration ; consequently , s IV ( E ) ( i ) does not bar Microsoft from offering it as one product .
The decision by Japan Airlines to go with Boeing did not come as a surprise .
Earlier this year , after the acquisition was completed , the Federal Trade Commission sued Citigroup over lending and marketing practices by Associates .
The Microsoft move comes at a time of increased investment in online health ventures , rising traffic at consumer health sites on the Web and profits at the most popular sites .
''It was Dooner 's bad luck to walk into Interpublic at the worst of all possible times , when the advertising business was at its worst point in 50 years , '' said Alan J. Gottesman , an analyst at West End Communications/Consulting in New York .
Go to microsoft.com/windowsxp/home/default.asp and click on Upgrade Center .
That is why the telecommunications upstart Global Crossing , a Bermuda-based owner of undersea cables , recently agreed to merge with both U S West and Frontier .
Pepsico acknowledged yesterday that it had informed European Commission officials that it believed Coca-Cola was abusing its dominant position in the European market .
Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote to gradually eliminate cap on amount of airwave spectrum that mobile phone companies can acquire in single market ; move , which could lead to greater consolidation in wireless communications industry , is favored by Verizon Wireless , AT & T Wireless and other large wireless carriers ; big companies argue spectrum shortage is limiting their availability to improve service in urban areas plagued by congested airwaves ; supporters of current ownership cap say it encourages competition by preventing large companies from acquiring most of spectrum in given geographic area ( M )
In recent weeks , Verizon has persuaded some lawmakers to request a legal opinion about the transaction from the comptroller general of the United States , who in the past has questioned earlier license grants as violations of the appropriations laws .
Gazprom shares drop 6 percent after Morgan Stanley Capital International delays including company in its emerging market index ; Gazprom reports 67 percent jump in net profit for quarter ended September 30 ; puts net profit for first nine months at $ 8 billion ( S )
Kodak Posts Another Loss On Its Way to Going Digital
Larry Feldman , the president and chief executive of Feldman Equities , which is based in Phoenix and has an office in Manhasset , N.Y. , also endorses aggressive leasing when it comes to staving off competition from Wal-Mart .
With many problems behind it , Citigroup 's shares rose $ 1.08 yesterday , to close at $ 38.43 , on a day when the stock market overall posted strong results .
Stronger Earnings Bolster Texas Instruments Shares
She joins from Goldman Sachs .
Merck 's next move is less certain .
Mr. Galvin said today that ''while it is true that Motorola has short-term problems that will , as we have noted previously , take a few quarters to resolve , Gary , Bob and I all believe firmly that Motorola 's long-term outlook is as exciting as ever . ''
Mr. Nader and several of his public interest organizations are preparing a national campaign against the growing economic power of the Redmond , Wash. , software publisher , contending that Microsoft is a craftier and more potent force than many monopolists of an earlier era .
The International Business Machines Corporation said yesterday that its earnings edged up four-tenths of a percent in the second quarter as sharp declines in hardware sales were offset by gains from the company 's computer services and software divisions .
The Eastman Kodak Company is expected to announce today that it is joining with America Online to offer developed photographs via the Internet .
Home Depot said that by taking steps like turning off outdoor lighting after closing , its western division saved more than 1.5 million kilowatt hours in February , the equivalent of the total consumption of 1,800 homes or 9 Home Depot stores .
Executives of the Microsoft Corporation met today with Wall Street analysts , seeking to convince them that the company would not only be able to grapple with the changes brought on by the Internet but also stay on the remarkable growth path that led to a 46 percent increase in revenue and a 48 percent increase in earnings in its 1996 fiscal year ended in June .
The draft says the case clearly fits the standard set in the law for direct appeals because ''the markets found by the court to be the loci of Microsoft 's illegal conduct '' are ''global markets that affect hundreds of millions of consumers and businesses throughout the world .
Analysts praised Cisco 's handling of its internal operations to contend with a weakening business environment .
Standard & Poor 's , the credit rating agency , lowered Corning 's corporate credit rating yesterday by one notch , to A-/A-2 , from A/A-1 , and Moody 's Investors Service put the company 's debt under review for a possible downgrade .
Still , being accused of unlawful behavior raises the question of whether Microsoft will be hurt by its cutthroat image .
Microsoft Corp withdraws from disputed $ 300 million project to help California State University system build high-speed computer network linking its 22 campuses ; Hughes Electronics Corp has also dropped out , leaving GTE and Fujitsu as remaining private players ; in exchange for their investments , plan called for four companies to make substantial revenues from selling products and services to Cal State 's 345,000 students and 38,000 faculty and staff members ; plan was attacked by many students , staff and faculty members as anticompetitive ; much of criticism focused on role of Microsoft , which is under investigation by Justice Dept for possible antitrust violations ( M )
Time Warner was considering a second step , according to several people close to the talks .
Mr. Zucker is at the start of his third and probably last fall season as the chief of NBC Entertainment ; he is expected to be in line for a promotion should NBC and its corporate parent General Electric complete the deal to absorb the entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal .
But the owner that could be affected most by yesterday 's ruling is the Tribune Company , which , in the worst case , could face the loss of either some television stations or newspapers .
While I can now find online answers to any question that occurs to me ( and many that have n't ) , my copy of The Merck is dog-eared , its front cover curling back , its two-inch-wide spine broken in several places .
International Business Machines Corp is ready to offer corporations and government agencies a system called quantum cryptography for communication over fiber optic cables ; in its simplest terms , the method involves sending , photon by photon , a message that can serve as mathematical key after it is decoded ; such a key can then be used to encode and decode E-mail messages ; IBM says quantum mechanics practically guarantees the security of such communication ; photo ( M )
In Lawsuit , Agents Accuse Allstate of Age Bias
AOL Time Warner divisions are at cross-purposes with one another as conglomerate struggles to broaden its customer base ; Time Warner Cable promotes new services , including feature to bypass commercial advertising ; broadcasting and production divisions consider feature threatening to their advertising revenue streams ; it is still unclear what customers will want from expanded television capabilities and how much they are willing to pay ; photo ; drawing ( M )
United Parcel Service , facing threat of another crippling strike , announces it has reached tentative six-year pact that will give 210,000 Teamsters a 25 percent increase in wages and benefits ; UPS also promises to convert 10,000 part-time jobs to full-time and give raise of more than 50 percent to many part-timers ; photo ( M )
Daniel J. O'Neill , Molson 's chief executive , would potentially become vice chairman .
Previously , her only known misdeed was negotiating a $ 250,000-a-year job at Boeing while overseeing Boeing Air Force contracts .
She represented the Air Force as it was devising a tanker-replacement program and questions have been raised whether , in that capacity , she passed proprietary Pentagon information to Boeing .
Microsoft to Pay $ 20 Million to Settle Lawsuit Over Java
Yet Dr. Liebowitz and Dr. Margolis have a bit more trouble explaining away the leading modern example of what is often said to be a second-best winner , Microsoft 's DOS and , later , Windows , which mimicked the look of Apple 's Macintosh operating system , which was introduced in 1984 .
Apple announced it would open six of the stores over the weekend in California , New Jersey and Washington and indicated that it would expand at a rapid pace .
But being a high-level underling at Microsoft , he recalled , did not appeal to him .
Floyd Norris 's editorial Observer column on some implications of Government 's antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp says company 's monopoly will be ended only by its competitors and not by anything courts decide ( M )
Celine Dion 's new CD incorporates technology to protect it against being copied , but technology also prevents disc from being played in personal computers ; Apple Computer issues warning and tips on opening balky disk drive if CD will not eject ; Sony Music Entertainment defends effort ; holds discs do no lasting damage to PC 's ; has so far distributed copy-protected CD 's only in Europe ; photo ( M )
The Government presented this evidence in the form of videotaped depositions from William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , and executives from companies who felt they had been bullied .
Over the years , Hasbro has changed some aspects of the original version .
It was a provincial Communist Party leader in Hangzhou -- not Mr. Paulson -- who said he hoped that Goldman Sachs would continue to bring lucrative deals to the region .
Other industry experts said the reorganization was Mr. Daft 's effort to put Coca-Cola back on course , after a particularly troubling year .
Hundreds of former I.B.M .
FDA drug safety reviewer Dr David Graham tells Senate Finance Committee that regulators are 'virtually incapable of protecting America ' from unsafe drugs and names five drugs now on market that should be 'seriously looked at ' ; Graham , twenty-year FDA veteran , denounces FDA as feckless and apt to surrender to drug makers , and fears 'drug safety catastrophe ' ; FDA drug evaluator Dr Steven Galson calls Graham 's data irresponsible and deputy dir Dr Sandra Kweder says five drugs he cites are not 'more concerning than any others ' ; Graham questions cholesterol drug Crestor , pain pill Bextra , obesity pill Meridia , asthma drug Serevent and acne drug Accutane ; all are defended by manufacturers ; photo ; chart on five drugs ; panel chairman Charles Grassley is focusing on Merck 's withdrawal of arthritis drug Vioxx after study found that heart attack risk doubles after 18 months of use ; FDA critics say drug should have pulled much earlier , after 1999 and 2000 studies showed risk ( M )
As part of the realignment , Clorox moved its Pine-Sol line of cleaners to Foote , Cone from Y. & R. , and named Y. & R. to a new assignment , as lead agency for all Clorox International brands .
The campaign , by the longtime Nike agency Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , which also created the ''Bo knows '' ads , carries the theme ''What if ? ''
But Mr. Parsons , and Jeffrey Bewkes , chairman of Time Warner 's entertainment and networks division , were wary of Bertelsmann .
Until now , it might have seemed as though the Ford Motor Company introduced its most important vehicle of the year with one of its shortest advertising campaigns .
as a strong manager , will continue to oversee the networking hardware , printing and storage businesses , while adding mainframe and midrange computers -- virtually all the I.B.M .
The compromise plan was proposed in September by Senator John W. Warner , chairman of a Senate Armed Services Committee , in response to an Air Force proposal to lease all 100 of the Boeing 767 's .
President of Electronic Arts Steps Down
The bulk of Aetna 's problems stem from its 1999 purchase of the already money-losing Prudential Health Care unit of the Prudential Insurance Company of America .
Ms. Druyun , who admitted to a pattern of favoritism toward Boeing , is serving nine months in prison .
At the meeting , Mr. Gates made ''vague threats '' about supporting Intel competitors , according to one of many internal Intel memos that the company was required to hand over to investigators .
Chart compiled by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter cites some major corporations that have a lot to lose in Latin America in light of devaluation of Brazil 's currency
Chief Says CBS Plans to Sell Theme Parks
He said he had been pushing Microsoft executives for better measures of productivity savings .
Philip J. Purcell , chief executive of Morgan Stanley , disagreed , saying that corporate wrongdoing was ''not systemic at all . ''
Verizon Communications , the country 's largest telecommunications company , said yesterday that its net profit hit $ 1.8 billion , or 64 cents a share , in the second quarter , with strong performance from its broadband division and its wireless phone group .
Even so , he acknowledged that in low-power applications , I.B.M .
''Microsoft believes the district court 's finding on this matter is clearly erroneous , '' said Jim Desler , a company spokesman .
In the fourth quarter , he said , earnings should improve 2 or 3 cents a share from the year-earlier quarter , when Oracle reported a profit of 15 cents a share .
The customers that suffer from the new pricing policy are the ones that tend to run older versions of Microsoft software and upgrade only as needed .
Nike 's Chief Takes Top Stake in Vinton
It shows the head of Air Force acquisitions , Marvin Sambur , turning to Boeing for help : ''He indicated that the USAF is desperately looking for the rationale for why the USAF should pursue the 767 tanker NOW .
Internet Services Crucial , Microsoft Memos Say
While it made too few digital radiography machines to meet demand , Kodak produced far more digital cameras and home printers than it expects to sell in the fourth quarter .
In fact , Target is not planning to open in Manhattan at all .
Judge Rejects Customer Suit Over Records From AT & T
Daniel Reingold , an analyst at Merrill Lynch , said he estimated that together the three companies would be worth $ 61 a share -- less than the current market value of AT & T 's stock as a combined entity .
Now , with white-collar jobs at stake , we 've got executives at I.B.M .
Ogilvy One in New York , the direct marketing division of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , owned by WPP Group , continues handling other assignments for American Express .
While none of the three console makers have publicly committed themselves to a date for the arrival of a next generation , there has been speculation that Microsoft could introduce a new Xbox as early as next year , and that Sony may follow with a new PlayStation in 2006 .
David Kennedy , the head of Coca-Cola 's United States fountain business , which sells concentrate to restaurants and other concessions , will run Coca-Cola Amatil , as the Asian business will continue to be known .
Apple Computer 's quirky ads have never been as good at building market share as ''mind share , '' or buzz .
For all the money Microsoft spends on research , it has yet to produce breakthroughs as remotely revolutionary as , say , Bell Labs ' invention of the transistor .
Music Player From Microsoft Offers Wireless Song-Sharing
''Get out of here , '' Mr. Greenwald yelled , according to the director and a Wal-Mart spokeswoman .
General Motors reported today that it nearly tripled its profits last year and beat Wall Street 's expectations in the fourth quarter , bringing employee bonuses back to the company , the world 's largest automaker .
The price range , however , will be set when A.T. & T. expects to get the highest price , presumably at a hefty premium over book value .
Both Nike and Reebok also fought legal battles with L.A. Gear , contending that the company had illegally used their patented technology .
The foreign competition for work at Microsoft , Mr. Courtney said , will help the company 's management put more pressure on wages for its American workers and reduce employee benefits .
''As Japan goes , so goes Coca-Cola , '' said Emanuel Goldman , a beverage analyst for ING Barings in San Francisco .
The deal also brought what have proved to be invaluable management benefits by making Ted Turner a board member , vice chairman and 11 percent owner of Time Warner .
''We could never do a program of the size and scale of My Coke Rewards without it being online , '' said Katie Bayne , senior vice president for Coca-Cola brands in North America , who is based in Atlanta .
Though billings were not disclosed , I.B.M .
The merger comes five years after a similar merger when Interpublic acquired Ammirati & Puris , a midsize New York agency with a reputation for creativity , and merged it with Lintas Worldwide , known for its network of overseas offices .
American banks have been buying stakes in Chinese banks in the last year , starting with the Bank of America 's $ 3 billion acquisition in June 2005 of a 9 percent stake in the China Construction Bank .
The layoffs will save the company a total of almost $ 4 billion by 2010 , or about $ 1 billion a year , Merck said .
Securities and Exchange Commission files accounting fraud charges against three former Kmart executives and five representatives of companies that supplied company with brand-name products ; contends Kmart executives prematurely booked promotional allowances from suppliers like Coca-Cola Enterprises , PepsiCo and Eastman Kodak , allowing it to increase profits for fourth-quarter 2001 by $ 24 million ; five of eight people named in complaint have reached separate settlements with SEC , each accepting civil penalties of up to $ 55,000 without admitting or denying wrongdoing ; others said they should not be named in complaint ( M )
Decrying the cost and complexity of the personal computer , promoters of the network computer , including Lawrence Ellison and Scott McNealy , the chief executives of Oracle and Sun , have been offering it as a low-cost alternative that acts as a portal into the corporate computer network .
''This represents a change in our strategy , '' said Peter Neupert , Microsoft 's vice president for health strategy .
BORDERS CONFIRMS AMAZON DEAL
Verizon also signed up a record 385,000 new broadband Internet-access customers .
The Intel-designed hand-helds will be based on a new low-power version of the company 's X86 microprocessor designs code-named McCaslin , intended to increase the battery life of the ultra-mobile computer class .
On Thursday , Microsoft plans to describe its most radically new computing strategy since December 1995 , when Mr. Gates , the Microsoft chairman , announced the ''embrace and extend '' strategy to expand the company 's dominance of desktop computing to include the Internet .
These are the five new groups within Microsoft under the reorganization :
Among the groups participating in the effort are the U.S. Internet Service Provider Association , as well as AOL , Earthlink , Google , Microsoft and United Online .
Microsoft-Novell Pact Is Already in Dispute
Microsoft has fielded people from around the company to work on its consumer games effort .
And the drastic sanction of splitting Microsoft up -- the remedy championed by the Clinton administration , and approved by a lower court judge , but regarded quite skeptically in a federal appeals court ruling in June -- was rejected by the Bush administration .
A year and a month after the European Union 's landmark antitrust ruling against Microsoft , the software company has still not carried out either of the resulting orders , and this week the two sides argued over when a progress report might be forthcoming .
Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc .
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission , as well as two dozen states , have already approved Verizon 's purchase of MCI , the country 's second-largest provider of telecommunications services to corporations .
Marriott and Renaissance together have more than 350 hotels with 50,000 rooms under development that are expected to open within the next three years .
''Given everything they 've done , he still has n't expanded his installed base , '' said Andrew J. Neff , a financial analyst at Bear , Stearns in New York , referring to Mr. Jobs and the percentage of Apple users .
Qwest 's shares closed yesterday at $ 41 , down $ 2.375 , on a day when technology stocks in general lost value ; Microsoft closed at $ 127.9375 , down $ 6.0625 .
Moody 's indicated that it would not cut Ford 's credit rating below investment grade in the near future .
The two companies have been among the nation 's most profitable , but the current price of crude oil , $ 11.13 a barrel , is barely enough to cover Exxon 's exploration and production costs , and less than what Mobil spends to find and retrieve oil and natural gas .
The telecommunications equipment giant Nortel Networks is discussing a complex transaction to sell its fiber optics components business to Corning Inc. , the leading supplier of glass fiber , according to people close to the negotiations .
As criticism filtered back to Compaq 's headquarters in Houston , both Compaq , the leading PC maker , and Intel , the leading PC-chip producer , set out to methodically search for the Crouch-Echlin effect .
Morgan Stanley and the law firm of Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz are advising Unocal .
EBay Is Said to Be in Talks to Buy Internet Phone Company
The Government insists that Microsoft 's defense is an exercise in revisionist history .
Before the alliance , Siebel software packages were not sold along with I.B.M .
But Allstate went ahead .
But lately , Kodak has experienced growing frustration with what it sees as a lack of marketing acumen at many retailers .
Microsoft 's lawyers said they believed that they gave up far more in the settlement than the law required , but that it was important to strike the deal to put the case behind them .
International Business Machines Corp develops a 19-inch computer monitor that is moderately priced and uses convention cathode-ray-tube technology but takes up little more desktop space that a 15-inch monitor ; photo ( S )
Food and Drug Adm issues sweeping warnings that many popular painkillers could hurt heart , stomach or skin , and it persuades Pfizer to withdraw its pain pill Bextra , once a strong seller ; tough warnings will soon dominate labels of prescription painkillers like Celebrex , Mobic , Naprosyn , Voltaren and more than dozen others ; warnings will even appear on labels of over-the-counter pills like Advil and Aleve ; Dr Steven Galson , acting director of FDA center for drugs , emphasizes that popular over-the-counter pain pills are safe if taken briefly and in low doses ; says patients should not suddenly stop taking these medicines ; several experts say naproxen , found in Naprosyn and Aleve , is probably safest among nonsteroidal pain pills ; there are hints in research that pain pills that are easiest on stomach may be toughest on heart , and vice versa ; photo ; graph ( M )
Microsoft 's lawyers laughed a few times .
Yet if no revolutionary product was announced , Apple did announce a handful of evolutionary steps .
could have built the plant anywhere in the world , there were signs for several years that East Fishkill was the front-runner because I.B.M .
Still , despite the tough talk , Verizon could still raise its offer or let MCI 's shareholders vote on the bid directly , according to industry analysts .
Jeff Bezos , Amazon 's chief executive , told analysts that he planned to continue spending on new facilities in the fourth quarter , including opening two distribution centers and hiring software engineers .
In May , Agilent executives told investors that they expected earnings of 23 cents to 28 cents a share during the quarter , while analysts were expecting 26 cents .
`` What AT & T has provided is a lot of evidence about their lack of market power , and that is the relevant question , '' a senior agency official said tonight .
Time Warner offers cable customers only their own Internet provider .
On a generally strong day for stocks , Pfizer ended trading up 4 cents , or 0.15 percent , to $ 26.90 .
One appeal of Linux is that developers have complete access to the underlying source code , whereas Microsoft has kept some Windows technology secret .
For Time Warner Aspirant 's Firm , a Rough Six Years
In a rare public appearance , Pierre Omidyar , the programmer who founded eBay , reminisced in a conversation with Ms. Whitman about his early values .
VeriSign , Internet address registrar , will offer businesses new Web-based console to simplify and streamline search , resistration , renewal and management of multiple domain names ( S )
Trading at $ 42.125 just before her appointment at Boeing , the company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 37.875 , down $ 2.1875 .
Citigroup and Wells Fargo enter partnership to perform electronic payments , short-term purchase loans and related payments for Web-based commercial exchanges in conjunction with i2 Technologies , Enron and S1 Technologies ( S )
The News Corporation , though , does not do things any more simply than Mr. Malone does .
I.B.M .
The charges and other items in the third quarter , which included a $ 98.6 million provision for income taxes , were meant to help Interpublic and its operating units , specializing in advertising , media services , public relations and direct marketing , regain their fighting shape as they battle for business with their two larger , more fiscally fit rivals -- the Omnicom Group , the No.1 agency company , and the WPP Group , No.2 .
A Boeing spokesman said the stock and options were given to him as an incentive to stay at the company .
MasterCard now has a market value of $ 9.4 billion .
He spent much of last week on the road soothing angry investors , and on Thursday Frontier rejected Qwest 's current offer .
( Many newspaper and magazine articles were also offered into evidence by Microsoft . )
William H. Gates , the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation , put the matter succinctly while speaking in New York last week .
INTEL CUTS CHIP PRICES
A.T. & T. Plans Deal In Europe
Microsoft Hears Little Criticism at Its Annual Meeting
Boston Scientific said that its liability , if any , would be minimal because no stents from that secret line were ever sold , a claim Medinol disputed .
In the past , Intel has seldom had to lower prices because consumers were willing to pay more for its newest , and highest-performance , chips .
made its point emphatically by announcing that it would include Microsoft 's Explorer browser with Lotus Notes .
Starting this month series of drawings and sketches hanging on walls of boardroom of Corning Inc will also be on the Internet for limited time on arthistorytv.com , with commentary provided by Michel Whitmer , New York art dealer ; some of the major works displayed noted ; photo ( S )
Teams of Medtronic and Arterial Vascular salespeople would jointly promote the products to specialized physicians at big hospitals , who are eager to try the newest and presumably most effective devices .
Microsoft has hidden the traditional menu bar in some programs ( you can summon it by tapping the Alt key ) , but not in others .
Bill Carr , Amazon 's vice president for digital media , declined to discuss the company 's pricing strategy or arrangements with studios .
Richard S Strong is working with regulators to settle probe into mutual fund trades he made , paving way for sale of his stake in Strong Capital Management , which he controls ; potential settlement could involve substantial payment by Strong ; Wells Fargo is interested in acquiring fund company ( M )
Morgan Stanley .
Earlier this year , a bid by Mr. Murdoch to acquire 80 percent of Stream failed after the Italian Government passed a law blocking the News Corporation 's right to bid for Italian soccer broadcasting rights .
The Ford Motor Company said today that its sales rose 2.7 percent .
A.T. & T. and Novell Inc. , the leading provider of software for linking personal computers in networks , introduced the first product of their year-old alliance yesterday -- a way for businesses to link existing telephone systems and personal computer networks without additional wiring or expensive equipment .
A Microsoft Pioneer Leaves to Strike Out on His Own
made its $ 3 billion hostile takeover bid of Lotus in 1995 , Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , the chairman and chief executive of I.B.M. , made a special trip by helicopter to make sure that Mr. Ozzie would remain with the company if I.B.M .
Before the deal was announced , Morgan Stanley , like most investment banks , sold for a lowly nine times its last year 's earnings .
The company said its services revenue actually grew by 10 percent when it excluded figures for its network services unit , which I.B.M .
left the trailblazing role to Semiconductor300 , a joint venture between Motorola and Infineon Technologies , the semiconductor unit of Siemens .
Among those with possible conflicts are Wall Street banks like Citigroup , Credit Suisse First Boston and J. P. Morgan Chase .
Apple Computer introduces compact iPod called the nano , which stores either 500 or 1,000 songs and is priced at $ 199 to $ 249 ; device is intended to replace iPod Mini ; will be avaiable in US , Japan and Europe this week ; Apple chairman Steven P Jobs calls new player 'bold gamble ' ; Apple confirms widely reported digital music partnership with Motorola and Cingular ; Motorola cellphone called Rokr E1 will incorporate Apple 's iTunes music software and be capable of storing 100 songs ; phone , which will sell for $ 250 , will be available exclusively on Cingular Wireless network in US ; photos ( M )
Loews said that it would add as much as $ 1.4 billion to the capital of CNA , of which it owns 90 percent .
Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co , nation 's two largest military contractors , agreed on principles to govern their relationship in order to eliminate antitrust concerns of Government ; in particular , they agreed not to discriminate against each other in buying and selling components and electronic systems ; two companies also agreed to protect each other 's proprietary information ; need for agreement reflects fact that with all acquisitions they have made , two competitors are also involved in dizzying array of cooperative activities , including supplier arrangements on three dozen major Pentagon programs ( M )
Last week AT & T and Time Warner Cable announced that they intended to make Internet-based phone service available to millions of consumers next year , allowing those consumers to bypass traditional phone companies .
The American Civil Liberties Union asked the Federal Communications Commission yesterday to withhold approval of AT & T 's acquisition of BellSouth until it reviews allegations that the companies gave customer records to the government without warrants .
Like many media companies that were burned by acquisitions that promised synergies that never materialized , Time Warner has indicated that it will expand only in the businesses it knows best .
Boeing shares closed yesterday at $ 36.4375 , up 43.75 cents , on the New York Stock Exchange .
But government regulators have never asked Pfizer to change how it markets the drug .
Although difficult to quantify , counterfeiting is a growing problem for Tiffany , Mr. Aaron said , with the proliferation of Internet sellers .
''I have no confidence in recommending an individual stock to somebody , '' said Jim Hartman , who has been a financial adviser for Legg Mason in Baltimore for nine years .
Analysts were expecting Intel to earn 32 cents a share on sales of $ 9.22 billion , according to Thomson Financial .
More than 40 state lawsuits have been filed against Wal-Mart , accusing it of making employees , whom it calls associates , work off the clock and often not paying them all the overtime they had earned .
Perhaps most surprising was Mr. Kasparov 's performance at the postgame news conference , which was not the exuberant celebration envisioned by the tournament sponsor , I.B.M. , but rather a tense occasion in which Mr. Kasparov 's griped , apologized and vowed revenge .
For example , Mr. Lowe said , the interface for Apple 's new iLife suite of home tools for movies , photos , music and disc burning is a mixed bag that varies according to the task at hand .
Morgan Stanley Ordered to Pay LVMH in Suit Over Research
And in the long run , that could give I.B.M .
''Unless there is a settlement or Supreme Court review , there will be close and ongoing court supervision of Microsoft 's conduct in the future . ''
Federal prosecutors in Manhattan charge Adrian Lamo with hacking into computer network of New York Times , creating ficticious identities and running up $ 300,000 in database research charges over three months in 2002 ; Lamo is also accused of hacking networks of other large companies , including Microsoft ( M )
FedEx to Switch 30,000 Trucks to Hybrids
became the aggressor yesterday when it filed two lawsuits against Amazon.com , contending that the company has built its big online retail business on technology developed by I.B.M .
Again , if Qwest did not also reach a deal with U S West , the value of the Frontier deal would fall to $ 73 total from $ 75 .
''Actually , with I.B.M .
Some people at ABC News said they were concerned that the statement -- which said that the division and the program had been damaged by the bid for Mr. Letterman -- was a warning shot that threatened a larger confrontation should the Walt Disney Company fail to guarantee that the program would remain in its time slot for a substantial period of time .
Sharing the award , for research that best supported a successful campaign , were GSD & M in Austin , Tex. , part of Omnicom Group , and the Orem , Utah , office of Wirthlin Worldwide .
Intel Corp says revenues and earnings in second quarter ended June 26 fell slightly short of analysts 's expectations ; reports earnings of $ 1.75 billion , up 49 percent from $ 1.17 billion in year-earlier period ; revenue rose 14 percent , to $ 6.75 billion from $ 5.93 billion in second quarter of fiscal 1998 ( M )
But according to the latest New York Times/CBS News poll , a majority of Americans do think that Microsoft is a monopoly and that the Justice Department should continue to investigate the company and its business practices .
A dismissal of the case would be a major embarrassment for Beasley , Allen , which is among the most important firms in the Vioxx litigation , with thousands of clients who are suing or thinking of suing Merck .
Prospects of major new source of energy from oil wells off Newfoundland and Nova Scotia are fading ; companies like Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch/Shell and EnCana of Canada invested estimated $ 750 million into drilling with little to show for their investments , with dozen wells coming up dry ; Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers president Pierre Alvarez says some of recent results have been disappointing ; photo ( M )
Amazon 's continued losses despite growing sales reflect the high cost of acquiring and retaining customers as traditional book retailers like Barnes & Noble Inc. launch their own services on the World Wide Web .
Its changes , Microsoft says , were introduced to overcome the shortcomings of standard Java and make it run better on Windows .
Speaking at a meeting with analysts in New York , Campbell 's president and chief executive , David Johnson , acknowledged the company 's dismal performance , but insisted that it could fix the problems .
Investors were impressed , sending Microsoft 's shares up $ 2.375 each , to $ 136.375 , in early after-hours trading .
But the Justice Department brief says Judge Jackson ''would likely have already ruled but for Microsoft 's procedural maneuvering . ''
Above all else , Mr. Gerstner said , International Business Machines is betting heavily that a shortage of information technology workers will drive customers toward I.B.M .
In September , Bristol-Myers Squibb agreed to pay $ 2 billion for a stake in ImClone and the rights to Erbitux .
Netaid 's principal creators and organizers , the United Nations Development Program and Cisco Systems , are planning to make the 10-hour event the exception .
I.B.M .
Correction : April 17 , 1998 , Friday A chart in Business Day yesterday comparing estimates of the profits made by the Ford Motor Company on six vehicles reversed two photographs .
Monsanto put its Roundup UltraMax side by side with Syngenta 's competing product , Touchdown ( or , as Monsanto calls it on the site , ''Syngenta 's latest imitator '' ) .
But now , Yahoo Stores , ProStores from eBay , NetSuite and other companies that help businesses operate online hope to change the minds of the hesitant with software and services that are cheaper and easier to use .
Oracle remains the dominant data base company , but that market is widely regarded as mature .
Microsoft 's antitrust troubles are mostly behind it in the United States .
Intel has had a small team working on the problem of a replacement for silicon in its Hillsborough , Ore. , research laboratories for five years in an effort to continue to advance chip making technology at the relentless pace of Moore 's law , named after Gordon E. Moore , a co-founder of Intel .
Big names like Intel , Microsoft , Cisco Systems and Dell Computer led the advance .
Some analysts predict the company will be spun off as a separate , publicly traded entity before long , much as Coke has done with Coca-Cola Enterprises and three of its other anchor bottlers .
The commission will hold hearings on March 30 and 31 in Brussels to give Microsoft another opportunity to argue its case .
Some Microsoft Customers Will Get to See Office Code
Citigroup Seen Cutting 1,000 Jobs
Earlier , America Online shares rose $ 1.875 , to $ 115.0625 ; Amazon gained $ 5.315 , to $ 125.4375 .
Mr. Schroeder ended up taking the Microsoft job .
The Janssen Pharmaceutica unit of Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay up to $ 90 million , if enough claimants and potential claimants agree to participate so that the settlement takes effect .
As part of their effort to accelerate the delivery of broadband services over cable modems to consumers and small businesses , Microsoft will provide the new venture its expertise in Internet , client , server and application software , while Compaq said it would deliver PC 's with pre-installed cable modems to the market by the end of the year .
The media planning and buying duties will remain at the respective Interpublic agencies , which includes Initiative Media Worldwide , part of its new Partnership unit ; and Universal McCann Worldwide , part of its McCann-Erickson World Group .
Thomas R. Nides was named chief administrative officer last week and Stuart Breslow , another former Morgan Stanley executive , will become the firm 's chief compliance officer .
All of the players stressed that the deal was not exclusive , and Microsoft executives said they were planning an online music announcement for later this week .
I.B.M .
Moody 's Investors Service downgraded its rating of General Motors ' debt to Baa3 , its lowest investment grade rating , and put the Ford Motor Company under review for a possible downgrade .
Blackspots bear a perhaps deliberate resemblance to the low-tops sold by Converse , which Nike acquired in September 2003 .
Mr. Friedel also said that in such a rematch , Mr. Kasparov would not be considered a partner with I.B.M. , furthering the cause of computer science .
In a letter filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday , he accused the board of keeping Qwest in the dark while it negotiated a better deal with Verizon .
This will make it virtually impossible for Microsoft to continue to collaborate with a broad array of OEM 's and ISV 's to develop and market innovative new technologies .
When customers make long-distance calls from , say , Bentonville , Ark. , to Mill Valley , Calif. , A.T. & T. pays `` access fees '' to Southwestern Bell and Pacific Telephone .
Jonathan B. Skidmore , a lawyer for Merck , said the videotape was irrelevant to the case because there was no evidence that the company 's sales representatives who called on Mr. Ernst 's doctor had ever seen it .
A. Microsoft Does Not Possess 'Monopoly Power ' in a Properly Defined Product Market
The commission 's examination of Deutsche Post was spurred by a complaint from United Parcel Service in 1994 .
''They are paying a fair price and Time Warner will get control of the Los Angeles market as a result of this deal , which is a fast-growing market , '' one investor who spoke on condition of anonymity said .
Virgin Mobile , controlled by Sir Richard Branson , has designated $ 1 billion for expansion in the United States , and a team of Virgin executives based in San Francisco has been negotiating with several operators , including Nextel and AT & T , for the last few months , these people said .
For store locations : ( 800 ) 800-8800 or www.target.com .
A Time Warner spokesman , Ed Adler , said yesterday that neither the company nor Mr. Bewkes would have any comment beyond the statement announcing Mr. Albrecht 's resignation .
One is a carrot-and-stick approach that would bar Microsoft from certain kinds of business practices and set a time in five or so years to re-examine the company 's behavior .
''The fine might be millions of dollars and I.B.M .
''The two teams from each company will work together starting today to find ways to cooperate , '' said Jonathan Dong , a spokesman for Wal-Mart in Shenzhen , China .
Cellphone carriers charge $ 1.50 to $ 3 apiece for ring tones ; Cingular certainly would n't want to hand that lucrative business over to Apple 's music store .
Microsoft is appealing that order .
Pfizer , which is based in New York , said it would pay $ 35 a share in cash , 54 percent more than Esperion 's average closing share price during the last 20 trading days .
Citigroup said that Todd Thomson , who previously ran the company 's private banking arm , will immediately begin serving as the chief financial officer , replacing Heidi G. Miller , who left Citigroup last month for the chief financial officer 's post at Priceline.com , an Internet commerce company .
General Motors Acceptance Corporation , which is being partially sold to raise money for G.M. , is still determining its fourth-quarter results .
Personal products division of Johnson & Johnson moves North American advertising account of three brands from Cadwell Davis Partners to McCann-Erickson Worldwide and Ammirati Puris Lintas ( S )
He held a hearing on March 3 at which Microsoft 's chairman , William H. Gates , the chief witness , was repeatedly accused by senators of acting like a monopolist .
Home Depot introduced Eco Options products in Canada in 2004 , where the company has fewer than 200 stores -- and so far , sales there have been strong .
Airbus currently has 2,533 outstanding orders , and Boeing has 2,434 .
''This is a very important moment for Coca-Cola , '' said Emanuel Goldman , a beverage industry consultant in Hillsborough , Calif. ''If they pick right , they can overcome some of the management sins of the past . ''
One voice-over concludes : ''At McDonald 's .
Few have been hired since the 1980 's , as the market share of General Motors , Ford and Chrysler has fallen , and as robots have replaced retirees .
The lower earnings at Amoco and Exxon had little effect on either company 's shares because analysts had predicted the declines .
Interpublic Group of Cos acquires Austin Kelley Advertising ; Interpublic 's Carmichael Lynch unit acquires Minneapolis office of Valentine-McCormick-Ligibel , which will be merged into Carmichael Lynch ; Carmichael Lynch Spong , public relations division of Carmichael Lynch , acquires McGrath Buckley Consulting Group ; will form McGrath Buckley Group division , headed by Douglas K Spong as managing partner ( M )
Securities and Exchange Commission is pushing for independent monitor to scrutinize American International Group as company seeks to settle investigation into sale of product that helped financial company manipulate its earnings ; AIG was close to agreement early last month but balked at idea of monitor , and discussions broke down ; talks have been renewed , but their outcome is unclear ; AIG disclosed on Oct 21 that grand jury in Indiana was investigating insurance policy it sold to Brightpoint Inc that helped company conceal $ 11.9 million in losses in 1998 ( M )
While Rupert Murdoch and General Motors executives worked out the News Corporation 's deal for control of DirecTV , Charles W. Ergen , the chairman of EchoStar , the nation 's No .
When oil and tobacco trusts loomed over the economic landscape , the perceived enemy was price-fixing , while in the government 's theory of Microsoft , adopted by Judge Jackson , the enemy is the ability of a predatory monopolist to strangle innovation .
Intel 's announcement came amid a flurry of news , some of it conflicting , in the semiconductor industry .
Yesterday , Home Depot 's board ousted Mr. Nardelli as chairman and chief executive in a surprising move that highlights the growing influence of investors pressuring boards to rein in executive pay .
Amazon.com Reports a Loss of $ 308 Million
Yet for Microsoft , the rise of Web software is similar to the challenge that the rise of microprocessor-based computing was for I.B.M .
Several analysts questioned whether Coke would be able to achieve even its diminished goals .
''Our competition was going to be out there in 2004 , they 've slipped until 2005 , and some people tell us it will actually be in 2006 , '' he said , referring to a new version of Microsoft 's Windows operating system , code-named Longhorn , that has been delayed .
Conrail and the Norfolk Southern Corporation , which has made a hostile bid for Conrail , wrangled yesterday over a confidentiality agreement for the talks .
The channel does not call its news programs ''xinwen , '' the Chinese word for news .
But when Robert L. Nardelli , the former chief executive of Home Depot , refused to bend to the will of an exasperated board and accept a pay cut , he lost the crucial support of a friend who as lead director not only recruited him but presided over his compensation contract that would later draw so much fire .
In addition to its substantive objections , the proposed final judgment is also criticized by Microsoft as being vague and ambiguous .
Data presented by Pfizer showed that Exubera was equivalent to injected insulin in controlling blood sugar , but not superior .
computer models that Red Hat has ignored in the past .
In addition to the efforts to comply with the consent decree , Microsoft executives said today that the new operating system update , known as Service Pack 1 , is part of three important office and consumer efforts intended to move personal computer capabilities beyond the desktop PC .
Dow Jones & Company said yesterday that it had formed a technology and marketing alliance with the Microsoft Corporation as part of its effort to revive Telerate , its faltering financial data division that was recently renamed Dow Jones Markets .
And it is expected that Robert Annunziata , Global 's chief executive , will take Global Crossing 's story to investors next week after it files documents regarding Frontier with regulators .
Hasbro , the nation 's second-largest toy maker after Mattel , said yesterday that it was consolidating the last of its semi-independent divisions .
The new Whole Foods Market , a short escalator ride down from the lobby of the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle , is almost too much to absorb .
Airport event of 1998 will be opening of Hong Kong 's Chek Lap Kok terminal in April -- a date picked long before city 's current tourist slump and chicken flu crisis ; Airbus Industrie says it will have its A3XX 555-passenger , double-deck super-jumbo jet ready for commercial service by 2003 ; it will fly subsonically ; NASA 's high-speed civil transport program , which includes Boeing Co and other aerospace contractors , expects to have full-scale , flying model of 300-passenger supersonic jet completed by 2010 ; MBE Business Express , new self-service , 24-hour 'office ' is being installed by Marriott International and other major hotel chains for frustrated travelers who find hotel business centers closed when they need them most ; British Airways expects to start its no-frills carrier in 1998 ; US Airways completes its purchase of US Airways Shuttle and will expand service ; US Airways bought shuttle from consortium of bank lenders that took over former Trump Shuttle in 1992 ( Business Travel column ) ( L )
Mr. Glaser said his company was not violating any of Apple 's intellectual property rights .
''Web services is a heterogeneous technology that connects your new stuff and your old stuff together , '' observed John Swainson , general manager for I.B.M .
Mr. Allaire could not be reached for comment , and a spokeswoman for Xerox said the company no longer handled his press relations .
The News Corporation has not bid for wireless licenses .
Some of the nation 's largest credit card companies , including American Express and Citigroup , are bidding for the credit card business of the Neiman Marcus Group , executives involved in the negotiations said yesterday .
''Intel hit on all cylinders in 1996 , the 25th anniversary of the introduction of the microprocessor , '' Andrew S. Grove , Intel 's president and chief executive , said .
With these and other deals , Google has neutralized Yahoo 's big competitive advantage on Madison Avenue : its ability to sell the full range of advertising , from splashy video campaigns to text ads on search results .
I.B.M .
That is because on a standard monitor it is not possible to separate individual red , green and blue components of individual pixels , Microsoft executives said .
Time Warner is close to settling Securities and Exchange Commission probe into accounting at America Online ; development could give company more flexibility in its effort to buy Adelphia Communications or make other acquisitions ; SEC and Justice Department are investigating $ 400 million payment that America Online received from Bertelsmann AG , which formerly owned half of AOL Europe ; agencies are looking into whether payment was used improperly to inflate growth of AOL ( M )
The value of the new A.T. & T. contract is less than $ 100,000 , including salaries , travel expenses and equipment .
Put another way , comScore said , My Yahoo users account for 23 percent of all Yahoo visitors , but they represent 49 percent of total time spent and 51 percent of pages viewed .
The Eastman Kodak Company and Danka Business Systems P.L.C .
The Computer and Communications Industry Association said it would not request a Supreme Court review of the remedies against Microsoft , which it had believed to be too lenient , and instead would welcome Microsoft as a member of the trade group .
Sales at existing stores in the United States , by far McDonald 's biggest market , were not growing and in many instances were declining .
A Montreal judge yesterday scheduled a December court hearing for a 16-year-old boy accused of sabotaging prominent Web sites like Yahoo , Amazon , eBay and Dell .
Aetna has also been chronically slow in paying doctors ' claims , a charge supported by the high numbers of complaints against Aetna that the Texas Insurance Commission reports .
Mr. Blackshaw said Amazon 's free shipping promotion was ''extremely misleading . ''
Verizon said that in one case it sent a letter to Comcast asking that the practice be stopped , but that the paperwork and repairs that followed not only cost hundreds of dollars , but delayed installations for its customers .
Rosabeth Moss Kanter reviews book The Real Thing : Truth and Power at the Coca-Cola Company by Constance L Hays ; photo ( M )
He started so-called prime brokerage agreements in 2000 with Citibank and Bank of America , under which the two banks took over the reporting of many of his trades .
But Mr. Otellini said Intel was ''committed to serving the market for sub- $ 1,000 machines . ''
Kodak has given its Times Square billboard a face lift to keep up with the neighborhood .
Moody 's Investors Service cut the credit ratings of Japan 's two largest airlines to Ba3 from Ba1 because of the war in Iraq , the SARS virus , the weak economy in Japan and growing competition .
Senator Patty Murray , a Democrat , called the decision disappointing , saying it would ''hobble Microsoft at a critical time in the development of our information-based economy '' and ''cripple a major technology innovator . ''
When Target , the discount store operator , suspended the magician David Blaine above Times Square for two days during the week of Thanksgiving , videos shot by viewers were posted on YouTube and viewed more than 19,300 times .
The two sides also agreed to a crucial goal of AT & T : to offer telephone service over Comcast 's cable wires .
''In a sense , this is a search engine with memory , '' said Udi Manber , a computer scientist who was a pioneer in online information retrieval and worked at Yahoo before moving to Amazon two years ago .
But in that case , AT & T would receive substantially less for the stake than it would under AOL 's broader proposal .
Ford Motor Co to sponsor new 1,839-seat theater being built by Livent Inc on 42d Street in Times Square ; Ford Center for the Performing Arts to be name of new theater , which is scheduled for opening Jan 18 , 1998 ; drawing ; photo ( M )
Kimberly-Clark claims this growth was stimulated by its product introductions .
The deal is the latest wrinkle in Detroit 's price war , which is heating up again as the Ford Motor Company and Chrysler , a division of German automaker DaimlerChrysler , rush to match the strategy of the General Motors Corporation of offering the public the same steep discounts that company employees can get .
The offer is part of Yahoo 's strategy to diversify its revenue streams away from purely advertising as companies cut back sharply on their online advertising budgets .
Whatever challenges Mr. Tilton , 54 , faced in his 32 years in the oil business , most recently as vice chairman of ChevronTexaco and interim chairman at Dynegy , he did not have to deal with the perilous mix of ailing finances and the internal conflicts of a company largely owned by its employees .
Apple 's engineers have worked with their counterparts at BMW to develop a similar system that connects to the docking port with a cable rather than through a cradle .
Brian Rauscher , an analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter who edited the data base , said the sectors that are most vulnerable to a regional downturn are basic metals , energy and finance .
Many corporate travel departments are revamping existing travel policies or drafting new ones in face of higher travel costs , and they are insisting on stricter adherence to them ; many are now dictating what airline employees fly , what cars they drive , when they leave and where they stay ; American Express survey estimates business air fares , hotel rates and car rentals are expected to rise at least 5 percent next year ( Business Travel column ) ( M )
Last year , Oracle established a subsidiary , Network Computer Inc. , to design and license hardware and software technologies for the network computer .
Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that it had swung to a loss in the first quarter , after a profit a year earlier , primarily because of a weak performance at its music division and continued losses at the WB television network .
But with injections of modern chip technology , software improvements and aggressive pricing , I.B.M .
Besides Time Warner Cable , owned by AOL Time Warner , other big companies now offering video on demand around the nation include Comcast and Cablevision .
EBay increased its guidance for its full-year 2007 results .
At the same time , the industry 's image of here-today , bankrupt-tomorrow , has changed : the biggest companies in the time-share market now are well-known hotel brands , including Hilton , Marriott and Starwood , which combined account for one-third of domestic time-share sales .
Under the deal announced Tuesday , S7 will purchase 15 of Boeing 's fuel-efficient 787 Dreamliner jets for delivery in 2014 .
In a signal of healthy profits for the entire oil industry , the Exxon Corporation reported a slight improvement in fourth-quarter earnings yesterday helped by strong gains in refining that more than offset a big drop in crude petroleum prices .
Nor will Microsoft be able to compel computer makers to bundle other Microsoft products with the PC , like the Microsoft mouse , as a condition for favorable treatment .
Outside the courtroom , Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman , said today 's testimony ''further demonstrated that throughout the software industry , companies meet together , talk together , plan together . ''
Applied Materials Inc says it will invest $ 430 million to expand its product development and demonstration laboratories ( S )
When Mr. Heyer joined Coke nearly two years ago , he was charged with revamping the marketing for Coke Classic .
''The combination with similar types of products will enable United Technologies to give a more systematic approach to customers ; it should help eliminate about 3 to 5 percent of costs between the two companies and improve margins , '' Mr. Nisbet said .
Mr. Murdoch , too , has told friends he is dissatisfied with the staid presentation and , to his mind , liberal bias of Sky News , sometimes calling it ''BBC Light , '' in reference to the British Broadcasting Corporation .
While most of those were payments between eBay buyers and sellers , the number of PayPal transactions outside eBay rose 59 percent , to $ 3.3 billion .
''We are really trying to use these celebrities to help us tell a story that has a real ring of truth to the target audience , '' said Chris Lowe , chief marketing officer at Coca-Cola North America .
The decision was announced in response to queries about proposals sought by major shareholders of Verizon , Qwest and Halliburton .
Schering 's shares closed Tuesday at 83 euros ( $ 101.07 ) , suggesting that investors expect Merck to sweeten its offer .
Scott Battishill , a Boeing spokesman , said that the company had not yet received a request from S.A.S .
Procter & Gamble contends that olestra causes no more stomach upset than beans or broccoli .
In short , Microsoft 's position is that Windows and Internet Explorer are not separate products , but an integrated package .
Despite speculation that the company might use its online network connection to link Xbox users to Microsoft 's other services , Mr. Allard insists that Xbox Live will stay focused on gaming .
Transocean Offshore 's merger with the Schlumberger unit ''is advantageous due to the rising capital costs for new rig construction , the increasing size and needs of our customers , the expanding geographic diversity of offshore drilling and the technical challenges posed by the new deepwater drilling activities , '' according to J. Michael Talbert , Transocean 's chairman and chief executive .
''Without Wal-Mart , '' the father says , ''I do n't know that he would have made it . ''
Mr. Allchin stressed that the current delay had no effect on the set of features now planned for Vista -- features that Microsoft has shown off at customer conferences in the last week .
Ralcorp Holdings Inc , bowing out of price wars raging among brand-name breakfast cereals , agrees to sell Chex and other cereal and snack brands to General Mills Inc for at least $ 330 million in stock ; graph ( L )
Hyundai Motor Co is denying report in Automotive News that its partnership with DaimlerChrysler is in jeopardy ; strikers at Daewoo Motor Co , which creditors are trying to rescue from bankrupty and sell to General Motors , win sympathy of Pres Kim Dae Jung , who says he his 'ashamed ' of harsh police conduct in crackdown on protests plant in Inchon in which 45 workers were injured ( S )
Apple 's unwillingness to endorse extension of the licensing agreements right now can be easily understood in light of sales statistics .
Bell , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic .
Mr. Reiser said the laptops might have had information showing Microsoft among the organization 's donors -- information that later appeared in The Washington Post .
Microsoft recognized , however , that it could not win what it described as the ''browser war '' ( MS6 6012954 ) on the merits alone , even if it gave its browser away for free -- indeed , even if it paid bounties for its distribution .
MICROSOFT WINNER IN APPEAL TO KEEP SOFTWARE INTACT
Two New Jersey investors have become the first publicly identified targets in a Federal investigation into possible insider trading in the shares of the Lotus Development Corporation before it was bought by I.B.M .
The move could help eBay protect its dominance of online auctioneering from an encroachment by Yahoo or Google .
Intel earned 98 cents a share in the fourth quarter of 1997 .
But he stopped short of calling for an end to the practice , which both Pepsi and its archrival , the Coca-Cola Company , have pursued for years with restaurants , theaters , sports arenas , colleges and more recently , public schools .
Kidde agreed this month to allow United Technologies access to its books , expecting that it would lead to an improved offer .
Major parts of Boeing planes are built by suppliers in Japan and Italy and come to the Seattle area , where the commercial aviation division is based , only for final assembly .
General Motors Corp is in process of adding its Delco Electronics Corp to its Delphi Automotive Systems unit to form world 's largest auto suplier , with 210,000 employees and revenue of about $ 32 billion ; John F Smith Jr , GM 's chairman and chief executive , says company is considering selling up to 20 percent of merged unit ; Delco is subsidiary of GM 's Hughes Electronics Corp ; GM acknowledges that it is cooperating with Justice Dept , which is investigating whether employees of GM or Volkswagen accepted kickbacks to steer contracts to auto suppliers ( M )
At the Windsor store , Wal-Mart pays its workers $ 7 to $ 9 an hour ( Canadian ) , or an average of about $ 6 an hour ( United States ) .
Bob Dole 's conduct on issue of merger of two railroads to create nation 's largest railroad has drawn criticism from some who oppose him and the merger ; Dole announced on Senate floor last March that he would play no further role in issue , because he had received contributions from both Union Pacific and Southern Pacific railroads ; but four months earlier , Dole helped smooth way for merger by voting to kill amendment that would have delayed or even derailed deal by subjecting it to stricter antitrust scrutiny , and refusing to meet with or listen to opponents of deal ; watchdog groups see this as stark example of how big campaign contributors can come between voters and their elected officials ( M )
Sanford I. Weill , the co-chief executive of Citigroup , excels at sizing up risks .
The commercials , produced by the Boston office of Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopulos , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies , are being shown in New York and Boston during the season finales of ''The West Wing , '' ''NYPD Blue '' and ''Law and Order . ''
Dr. Melvin Cohen , vice president for research effectiveness at AT & T Bell Laboratories , said that the paper was `` provocative and very important . ''
Mr. Gerstner , who joined I.B.M .
When asked why Intel had not given Microsoft more advance notice of its work on N.S.P. , Mr. McGeady replied that Intel 's software engineers had feared that Microsoft would try to ''stomp it out of existence . ''
The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Dmitry Sklyarov , the author of the software , a decryption program that could modify or eliminate the security protections on e-books made by Adobe Systems , in Las Vegas in July 2001 .
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co officially closes book on big part of its past , finally acknowledging that oil pipeline , which carries offshore oil throughout California and from California to Texas , that has dragged down profit since 1983 was a mistake from the start ; Goodyear announces termination of agreement under which its prime competitor , Bridgestone , had manufactured tires for Goodyear in Japan for more than 20 years ; Goodyear has arranged for Sumitomo Rubber Industries Ltd of Japan , which owns Dunlop and Ohtsu brands , to make more than one million tires for Goodyear in Japan each year ; Goodyear will make Dunlop tires in US ; Goodyear reports fourth-quarter net loss of $ 408.2 million on revenue of $ 3.27 billion ; chart ( L )
In December , Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , won a patent challenge over Lipitor , a cholesterol-lowering treatment that is its top-selling medicine .
A General Mills spokesman , Joe Rutledge , disagreed .
The person involved in the deal said the News Corporation expected to transfer $ 1.8 billion of its $ 9.3 billion in debt to the new company .
Another hedge fund with a record of taking an activist role , the Boston-based Highfields Capital Management , has a stake in Time Warner , according to public filings .
Big international oil companies are starting to be portrayed in media in Kazakhstan as exploiters of Kazakhstan 's rich hydrocarbon resources , its government and its people ; biggest target is Chevron , which owns half of Tengizchevroil , operator of Tengiz oil field ; Tengizchevroil has been held up as model for other foreign investors , but new generation of Kazakhstani business leaders has arisen in recent years that feels less beholden to Chevron and more eager to move out of its shadow and into areas dominated by foreign investors ; graph ( M )
On the tape shown today , David Boies , a Government lawyer , asked Mr. Gates if he was aware of work by Intel on Internet software .
IBM is bringing out what executives are describing as their first comprehensive worldwide effort aimed at owners of small businesses ; spending on advertising campaign , by New York and Paris offices of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , is estimated at more than $ 40 million ; photo ( L )
Morgan Stanley Capital International sets major overhaul of its widely followed global stock indexes ; cuts relative importance of telecommunications stocks and emerging markets and increases that of energy companies ; shift , in indexes used as benchmarks for up to $ 3 trillion actively managed or invested in index funds , gives added weight to United States and British stocks and less to Japan ; adds 357 stocks and deletes 130 ; changes will take effect in two stages , beginning in Nov ( M )
In addition to the contest , Procter has developed several other related promotions for Ivory .
For example , one excerpt from an E-mail sent by James Allchin , the Microsoft executive who now heads the company 's Windows 2000 effort , states : ''If you 're going to kill someone there is n't much reason to get all worked up about it and angry -- you just pull the trigger .
''We need to do everything we can to make our software more secure than it is , '' said Amy Carroll , the director of product management in Microsoft 's security business unit .
South Korea 's LG Group holds 18 percent of shares of Hanaro Telecom after buying additional 1.1 million shares in apparent effort to deter takeover bid by American International Group and Newbridge Capital ( S )
The iFP-180T sells for $ 140 at Best Buy stores and www.bestbuy.com .
Apple also sold 57,000 of its iPod portable music players in the quarter .
With gasoline prices near their highest levels of the last 20 years , General Motors is bringing back an idea it last tried in 1981 : an engine that shuts down some of its cylinders when they are not needed , to save fuel .
Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , said yesterday that it would pay $ 1.9 billion for Vicuron Pharmaceuticals , a Pennsylvania biotechnology company that has an antifungal treatment and an antibiotic in late-stage development .
Monsanto still faces challenges .
Moody 's review confirmed the below-investment-grade rating of a proposed spinoff of Saks Fifth Avenue Enterprises .
C. DeLores Tucker , a political activist who led a successful campaign against Time Warner 's involvement in ''gangsta '' rap two years ago , assailed the company for distributing music by Lil ' Kim , a female rap artist known for her lascivious , often sexually explicit , lyrics .
Thus , although Microsoft alleged only appearance of bias , not actual bias , we have reviewed the record with care and have discerned no evidence of actual bias .
The Boots lines are sold in their own departments at the CVS and Target stores .
The question is why , and the answer is straightforward : Wal-Mart , the world 's biggest retailer , with 1.3 million workers and nearly $ 300 billion in annual revenue , is reaching out to more affluent shoppers .
Over the last year , in an effort to take advantage of its considerable investment in infrastructure , Amazon has aggressively pushed sales through third-party merchants , a departure from its original strategy of emphasizing its own brand .
American International Group chief executive , Maurice R Greenberg , says insurance prices are rising in aftermath of terrorist attacks in US ; says prices for some kinds of commercial insurance are doubling , up from expected increases of 20 percent to 60 percent as industry emerges from long period of cutthroat pricing ; increases his estimate of losses for AIG in attacks to $ 800 million , up from $ 500 million ( M )
Labor advocates said that the Mattel plan , to be announced on Thursday , might have some innovative features .
Former IBM executive Robert St Germain and Lawrence Laspina , Fort Lauderdale , Fla , man who bought discontinued computer parts , are indicted by Federal grand jury on charges that they were part of conspiracy to swindle company out of at least $ 20 million worth of surplus computer equipment ; grand jury also charges that outsiders provided company insiders with over $ 500,000 in bribes to promote scheme ( M )
''I give Xerox the best chance of all my fallen angels for turning itself around , '' said Carol Levenson , director of research at Gim me Credit , a corporate bond research service .
A Coca-Cola spokesman said that the payments were treated as prepaid expenses and other assets on the balance sheet , but deducted ultimately from the equity-income line to reflect the expense in that year .
Bernie McKay , the vice president for corporate affairs at Intuit , said Intuit invented the technology of electronic filing and had built an infrastructure at no cost to taxpayers .
''My question is , Does Intel have the answer to respond to I.B.M .
The new jet also underscores the two opposing views of the future of air travel espoused by Boeing and Airbus .
Dr Stephanie Eisenstat , Concord , Mass , describes her success in using computer video editing software program ; says , with little but her Windows-based knowledge , she prepared training video for her fellow doctors ; Dr Eisenstat joins growing group of home computer users who have learned to create compelling video presentations ; video editing technique has become practical in recent months as computers , especially G3 version of Apple 's Power Macs .
Nike has also learned that there are some battles not worth joining .
The decision by General Motors to withdraw its ads from The Los Angeles Times comes at a bad time for the newspaper , which has been suffering from a soft economy in Southern California .
Larry Feinstein , a partner at the law firm of Bortman & Feinstein in Seattle , has a handful of Microsoft employees as clients who borrowed against their shares to pay taxes .
Comcast earned $ 133 million or 6 cents a share , in the fourth quarter , down from $ 423 million , or 19 cents a share , in 2004 .
Yahoo , the rapidly growing Internet site , may be struggling to keep up with the even faster growth of its rival Google , but it owns a substantial consolation prize : a large number of Google shares .
''Like Godzilla , Campbell usually does n't come to New York unless it 's planning to beat its chest with some bullish statement , '' said John M. McMillin , a securities analyst with Prudential Securities Research .
If the market for technology stocks has actually cooled significantly , ''we 're back to where Cisco has to surprise , and there 's probably going to be some multiple contraction over time , '' he said , implying that Cisco 's stock might fall even if its earnings increase as its price-earnings ratio shrinks .
All of the foundation 's giving , he said , is directed toward a handful of philanthropic issues , including school reform , the environment and the economy in Northwest Arkansas , where Wal-Mart is based .
Top Woman At Microsoft To Leave Soon
Under this plan , some Interpublic agencies specializing in areas outside traditional advertising may join the new unit .
Shares of the two largest companies named in the suit , Altria Group , the parent of Phillip Morris , and Reynolds American , which owns R. J. Reynolds , were up sharply .
Shares of United Technologies fell 40 cents , to $ 102 .
Charles Holley , a senior vice president of Wal-Mart , said he expected eventually to open some larger Wal-Mart-style stores in Japan .
In North Carolina yesterday , Parmalat , the bankrupt Italian dairy company , continued its legal onslaught against everyone who helped the former management , filing suit against Bank of America .
To get there , Motorola has announced ambitious joint ventures with Cisco Systems Inc. , a leader in networking , and with Sun Microsystems Inc. , best known for its Java programming language and its Solaris operating system .
I.B.M .
An entry in the Patents column of Business Day on Monday about the addition of images to some patents available through the Patent and Trademark Office 's Web site misstated the address of a separate patents data base operated on the Web by I.B.M .
Still , industry analysts say , it is not clear that a business that was struggling under I.B.M .
With General Motors losing its once dominant grip on American car buyers , its chairman and chief executive , Rick Wagoner , took direct control of the company 's North American operations on Monday in an effort to overcome a drought in profit and sales .
General Electric 's new Profile Harmony clothes care system is first washer-dryer combination in which washer electronically communicates to dryer about type of fabric and duration of cycle and selects appropriate settings ; photo ( M )
I.B.M .
Verizon calls it Picture Messaging or Video Messaging .
Newell Rubbermaid To Cut 5,000 Jobs
AT & T 's long-distance , cellular and credit-card customers will see little change .
He said the biggest and most immediate increase would come in home and education markets in the United States ; Apple has 14.8 percent of the elementary and secondary education market , and 5.1 percent of the home market , according to the market research firm IDC .
Christopher B. Galvin , above , Motorola 's chairman and chief executive , said the cellphone maker would rely on reductions in manufacturing costs , as well as ''innovative products and software , '' to return to profitability later this year .
Three companies involved in takeover battle for Conrail will meet in Washington and discuss redrawing rail freight map for Eastern United States ; but Conrail and Norfolk Southern Corp , which made hostile bid for Conrail , wrangle over confidentiality agreement for talks ; two companies and CSX Corp , Conrail 's preferrred merger partner , go ahead with meeting , but it appears doubtful they will discuss any substantive issues without an agreement shielding content of talks ; Conrail 's virtual monopoly over rail freight in Northeast is coveted by two rivals ( M )
Mr. Murdoch , who had also approved the Simpson project , has not spoken to Ms. Regan since before the imbroglio it provoked but authorized Ms. Friedman to dismiss her , saying that her slurs were the final straw after other recent episodes of what were deemed improper behavior , according to one of the people familiar with the News Corporation 's account .
Toyota is pricing its redesigned Tundra pickup truck thousands of dollars higher than comparable trucks from General Motors and Ford ; will test reputation as premium automaker ( M )
Federal Agency Sues Allstate , Claiming Age Discrimination
American Express spent more than $ 88.9 million on credit card advertising in the first quarter , according to TNS Media .
He also said that a Medco internal report in December 1999 showed that Medco customers used a higher percentage of Merck products than the national sales patterns in six medical categories .
Kenneth I. Chenault , the American Express vice chairman in charge of the card business , acknowledges that the relatively slow pace weighs on the company , which in just a decade has seen its share of plastic spending fall from 26 percent to 16 percent .
Mr. Young , who would not say if Nike was his only client , said it would be up to the company to decide what to do with his report .
Within hours , Pfizer , the world 's largest drug maker , told more than 100 trial investigators to stop giving patients the drug , called torcetrapib .
But the hearing process also promises to be a major test for General Electric and the extensive public relations and advertising battle that it has waged upstate over the last year , trying to convince local residents that dredging would be an environmental disaster .
Ikea launches provocative ad campaign to encourage North American consumers to throw out their serviceable household furnishings for sake of fashion and just plain fun ; goal of campaign , created by Crispin Porter & Bogusky , is to fend off competition from more upscale retailers like Crate and Barrel and Pier 1 Imports and low-end ones like Target and Bed Bath & Beyond ; photo ( M )
More than dozen states and cities are considering laws limiting so-called predatory lending , which is blamed for rising foreclosures of inner-city homes , and lenders have mounted coordinated counterattack that has managed to fend off or weaken some of farthest-reaching proposals ; latest battle is in Philadelphia , where Citigroup , Household International and other lenders are seeking to derail measure ; lenders say proposals will curtail access to credit for many families and create awkward patchwork of regulations across country ; among industry advisers are Connie Mack , former Republican senator from Florida , and Thomas F McLarty , former chief of staff for Pres Clinton ; regulators have recently toughened rules in New York and Massachusetts ; graph ( M )
The president of Chevron 's Eurasia unit , Guy Hollingsworth , says its relations with the government are ''excellent '' ; a top executive of Kazakhoil , the state oil company , was once a Chevron trainee .
Kodak , which will report its quarterly earnings today , has already tried to quantify the new industry .
''It 's the sixth quarter in a row that we 've improved our margins , '' Jeff Henley , Oracle 's chief financial officer , said in a telephone interview .
The disclosure of the dismal outlook follows similar warnings by Ericsson 's principal mobile phone rivals , Nokia of Finland and Motorola of the United States .
But it may be Salesforce.com that has the most to gain -- or lose -- from the Oracle-Siebel merger .
Microsoft contends that most subscribers will be asked to pay no more than $ 50 to bring their statements up to date .
As Ms. Kwan gears up for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy -- probably the last chance for the 25-year-old figure skater -- she has already lined up major deals with Coca-Cola , Visa and East West Bank .
Learning its lesson perhaps too well , Yahoo swung the other way in its next deal , offering a big premium over Geocities ' existing share price on the condition that the company agree within a day .
And , with Mr. Steere in charge , selling drugs at Pfizer has become more like selling toothpaste .
The ability to do this could render Microsoft software irrelevant :
The star of the Motorola portfolio was Commercial , Government and Industrial Solutions , the unit that sells radio and other private communications systems for public safety and security tasks .
MOTOROLA Inc. reported late yesterday that it had managed to match Wall Street 's diminished expectations for its first-quarter earnings , but any likelihood that investors in technology companies would take that as good news was dashed when the company warned that its second quarter was shaping up much more poorly than projected .
When Windows 95 finally made its way out the door , the Microsoft Corporation promoted it to the cheeky beat of the Rolling Stones ' ''Start Me Up . ''
For Philips , the deal not only places its name on the $ 213 million arena but will also let the consumer electronics giant and Time Warner explore how to develop on-line , video , merchandising , digital and new media products .
Intel shares have dropped 18 percent in the last six months , to $ 19.06 .
Sitting in a Moscow coffeehouse of Coffee Bean , a Starbucks rival , Mr. Zuykov sipped a frothy cappuccino and noted his price : for $ 600,000 he will sell the Starbucks name back to Starbucks .
Moody 's said China 's long-term foreign-currency debt was under review for a possible upgrading in recognition of China 's rising exports , foreign direct investment and foreign exchange reserves and its ''relatively modest level of external debt , '' as well as the recent peaceful transfer of power to a younger generation of Communist officials .
Of eBay 's 114 million registered users , roughly 90 percent are buyers , auction industry officials said .
After learning that Ford Motor had withdrawn the commercial , Mr. Clohessy said the decision would ''spare a lot of people a lot of pain . ''
IBM and Nintendo Inc plan to announce $ 1 billion agreement for Nintendo to build its next-generation system with IBM 's PowerPC processors ; PowerPC chip has been best known as processor that powers Macintosh line of computers from Apple Computer Inc ; deal is coup for IBM , which will gain coveted foothold in booming market being fiercely contested by Nintendo , Sony Corp and Sega Enterprises ( M )
But critics of the company , including Maryland lawmakers , said they could claim credit for improving Wal-Mart 's health care offerings , even if the law did not survive .
''Circuit City ca n't compete on price , because Wal-Mart wins on that , and ca n't compete on selection , where Wal-Mart , Best Buy and Amazon win . ''
This is not the first time that Akamai has had to deal first-hand with tensions between the Arab world and the United States .
Time Warner and Cablevision are the most prominent cable operators without deals with the NFL Network .
Competitors in long-distance service , like MCI and Sprint , refused to buy equipment from AT & T .
Under the proposed settlement , announced in December , Halliburton agreed to pay a total of $ 4 billion in cash and stock to resolve 300,000 cases .
A similar grumble was made about Morgan Stanley and its participation in the Bell Atlantic-GTE merger , which -- while all advisers had limited roles -- was less than other banks that shared the credit .
Mattel Inc , world 's largest toy company , has set code of conduct for its suppliers , subjecting their working conditions to auditing and monitoring by independent commission ; labor advocates say Mattel plan might have some innovative features , but say it is unclear how plan will be implemented ; Prof S Prakash Sethi , corporate ethics expert at Baruch College of City University of New York , will form commission and devise Mattel 's monitoring plan ( S )
He indicated that earlier this year , when he saw competition brewing between Yahoo and eBay , with eBay promising to invest hundreds of millions in China in coming years , he saw an opportunity to strike a deal and shift the game .
The federal government said yesterday that it had selected AT & T , Verizon and Qwest Communications to bid on portions of the government 's biggest telecommunications contract ever , leaving one longtime partner , Sprint Nextel , out in the cold .
American International Group threatens to scuttle agreement to take over Hyundai Securities , Hyundai Trust and Securities and Hyundai Investment Trust Management , financial units of Hyundai group ; consortium led by AIG has raises stakes with demand for government guarantee to cover hidden debts accrued by troubled companies ; government has reportedly agreed to guarantee less than half hidden debt of companies ( M )
Medinol 's lawsuit , filed in April of 2001 , is seeking royalties of up to 23 percent on every Express and Taxus stent Boston Scientific has sold .
One way to help reduce that burden would be for Time Warner to unwind Time Warner Entertainment , its contentious partnership with U S West .
Under the plan , which will begin in the Tampa , Fla. , area -- and the company says will eventually expand to the rest of the country beginning next year -- the $ 4 fee charged by Wal-Mart will be paid by a combination of consumers , insurance companies and the federal government , depending on a person 's health coverage .
To continue as contractors , the agents were required to sign a waiver , or release , that they would not sue Allstate .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Despite a mutual fund scandal , Bank of America reports a sharply higher profit for the quarter .
Antitrust Talks Founder On Microsoft 's 'Desktop '
Although both Scott G. McNeely , the chairman of Sun , and Lawrence J. Ellison , the chairman and chief executive of Oracle , have trumpeted the NC as the successor to the personal computer , the pilot installations for both company 's products are primarily replacing mainframe or mini-computer network terminals .
The attendance list underscored the fact that big investment and retail banks are active in subprime lending , either by financing lenders or owning their own units , like EquiCredit , a unit of Bank of America .
H. Scott Phelps , president of the Greater Hartford Convention and Visitors Bureau , said some of the activity reflected developers ' interest spurred by Adriaen 's Landing , a 33-acre , $ 874 million project with a convention center and residential and retail development , as well as the new Marriott , with 409 rooms .
Last week , Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , who is hearing the Government 's antitrust case against Microsoft in Federal District Court here , reluctantly ruled that a United States antitrust law left him no alternative but to force the depositions to be open to the news media and to the public .
Fanta is Coca-Cola 's second-largest soft drink brand after Coca-Cola Classic , Charles L. Guilbeau , Coke 's global brand manager for Fanta , said .
But in their proposed remedies , to be filed with a Federal District Court here on Friday , the states will not ask the judge to limit the architecture of Microsoft 's software .
RealNetworks ' partnership with Best Buy could be important , Mr. Black said , because ''we have n't seen any real synergies between the online and offline worlds . ''
Two giant agency companies -- the Omnicom Group and True North Communications -- are squaring off in a huge review unexpectedly called by a major client they share , the DaimlerChrysler Group unit of DaimlerChrysler A. G. The company is undertaking a review for assignments with spending estimated at $ 1.3 billion , out of a total spent last year of $ 1.5 billion .
Yet they do not qualify for Microsoft 's coveted stock options , and their health and vacation benefits are pale imitations of those enjoyed by regular Microsoft workers .
Cisco also saw growth in its advanced technologies division , which includes wireless products for home networking as well as security and storage technology .
Making a brand of Mr. Graves accords with Target 's long-term strategy of seeking products its competitors do n't have .
Early this year , Microsoft offered a preview of its entry , Xbox , which promises to be even more powerful .
''Home Depot became a really big company really fast , '' Mr. Wewer said .
Salvation Army 's holiday red kettles will become even more ubiquitous through new program that encourages individuals , corporations and organizations to put them on their Web sites and invite visitors to fill them with donations over Internet ; Wal-Mart will have kettle on its Web site and on Sam 's Club Web site ( S )
Johnson & Johnson will pay $ 4 billion less than originally agreed to acquire Guidant , troubled maker of implantable heart devices , under revised $ 21.5 billion deal ; new agreement is apparent acknowledgment by Guidant of how significantly its outlook has declined because of disclosures about product problems , device recalls , investigations and lawsuits ; move clears way for Johnson & Johnson to become major player in market for defibrillators and pacemakers , lucrative product area it has long sought to enter ( M )
Even as surging gasoline prices deflate sales of trucks and sport utility vehicles , General Motors is rushing a new line of full-size pickups to showrooms in the hopes of strengthening its turnaround effort .
The proposed split of Conrail bears a remarkable resemblance to a partition of Conrail first proposed by Norfolk Southern to CSX during secret talks last November .
In contrast , Coke owns only 44 percent of its publicly traded bottling company , Coca-Cola Enterprises .
In one case , a court ordered two Amway distributors , a married couple from Topeka , Kan. , to pay Procter $ 75,000 in damages .
Meeting a few fans after a final curtsy , Ms. Coors signs her name as ''Barbie , '' aping Mattel 's signature looping script , on T-shirts and fairy wings .
Auto sales rebounded in July after disappointing June ; Ward 's AutoInfoBank estimates July 's seasonally selling rate was 17.24 million units , sharp rise from 15.4 million-unit rate in June ; General Motors had its best sales month for year as it pushed aggressively to reduce high inventories it had at end of June ; sales were down 3.62 percent , to 455,156 units compared with sales in July 2003 ; company 's market share for light trucks reached 29 percent ; Ford Motor Co 's sales fell 8 percent , to 279,443 ; market share was 18 percent ; Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler reports 2 percent increase in sales ; Toyota 's overall sales reached record levels , up 13.7 percent to 200,206 ; chart ; photo ( M )
The DuPont Company has filed two lawsuits in federal courts accusing Monsanto of violating antitrust laws by linking the sale of Roundup and Roundup Ready crops and by using incentives and requirements to lock out rivals .
The News Corporation sued Time Warner last year after Time Warner chose to carry MSNBC , a 24-hour news channel owned by NBC and the Microsoft Corporation .
Microsoft 's arguments , advocates for the government add , have a familiar ring .
Creative , a maker of portable music players that compete with Apple 's iPod , had accused Apple of violating a newly granted software patent covering the way users navigate music selections .
Microsoft Corp , after spending $ 1 billion chasing evanescent business of on-line entertainment and media , is nudging its new-media efforts closer to company 's old utilitarian tradition ; unprofitable on-line 'shows ' are giving way to money-making 'services ; ' photos ( L )
COMPANY REPORTS : Market Place ; Behind Time Warner 's strong earnings was evidence of a closer eye on the bottom line .
''The most significant thing about what Microsoft is saying is n't the content of the offer ; it is the fact that it is switching to a P.R .
The Egyptair Boeing 767 that crashed Sunday was equipped with an unusually sophisticated black box , one that recorded three times as many categories of data as the standard required in the United States , Boeing said today .
Daniel R. DiMicco , Nucor 's chief executive , declined to disclose a specific cause but said Mr. Iverson had been in failing health .
The New York office of Interbrand , a division of the Omnicom Group , was hired to redesign AT & T 's logo .
He joined State Street from PricewaterhouseCoopers , the accounting and consulting firm .
After Mr. Raskin left Apple , he founded his own company , Information Appliance , and created the Canon Cat , a computer that had little impact on the industry .
How many gamers actually decide to program as well as play will depend on the ease of using Microsoft 's tools , said Dan Hsu , editor in chief of Electronic Games Monthly .
Excluding acquisition-related charges , Cisco earned 25 cents a share , exceeding analysts ' published estimates by a penny .
Both A.T. & T. and British Telecommunications P.L.C .
Already , some holders of Owens Corning debt have filed motions seeking to remove the court-appointed mediator of settlement talks in that case , which Judge Wolin oversaw .
But as the video game market matures , its prime movers , including Sony , Microsoft and Nintendo , are striving harder to make electronic entertainment more mainstream .
Although there is no certainty that the company will be included in that index , it will be ''about the 50th-largest company by market capitalization , '' said Morris Mark , whose investment firm owns more than 600,000 shares of News Corporation .
Seeking Status as Blue Chip , Campbell Sets 7-Unit Spinoff
The disclosure was made at a news conference by Lee R. Raymond , the chairman and chief executive of Exxon , not by Federal Trade Commission officials .
She said Xerox , which plans to cut 4,000 jobs this quarter , ended last year with $ 1.7 billion in cash , and was not dependent on asset sales to pay for staff reductions .
Mr. Thompson said he presented I.B.M .
Correction : November 9 , 2001 , Friday A brief report in Business Day on Wednesday about Polo Ralph Lauren 's financial results for its second quarter omitted a credit .
Additionally , he will convert $ 9.4 million in deferred compensation to stock option equivalents of the same value , with an exercise price equal to the Viacom closing price tomorrow , the date of the conversion .
P & O Princess shareholders , who had been expected to vote on Royal Caribbean 's offer before Nov. 16 , will instead vote on the deal with Carnival .
Stung by competition and investor expectations , Whole Foods Market , the natural-foods grocer , was expected to announce another quarter of rather mundane earnings yesterday , at least by the standards of a company that has experienced more than a decade of breakneck growth .
Russian television network NTV reportedly discusses selling its satellite business to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp ; sale would come as part of broad restructuring by network 's state-owned parent , Gazprom ( M )
In the interview , Mr. Ballmer said his optimism about Microsoft 's growth potential and his commitment to belt-tightening were not contradictory .
After returning to a struggling Apple two and a half years ago , Mr. Jobs called himself the interim chief executive until earlier this month .
's new manufacturing process is an insulating material that has been available for several years from the Dow Chemical Corporation .
First , Molson and Coors have agreed not to seek outside offers for their companies and have included a $ 75 million breakup fee in the deal .
Market Place column on Xerox Corp in light of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co 's decision not to buy Xerox 's Talegen Holdings and Resolution Group insurance units for $ 2.7 billion ; says Xerox 's stock , which reached closing high of $ 57.875 on Sept 11 , before the announcement , dropped as low as $ 52.50 on Sept 12 ; holds neither company would discuss why deal fell through , although both concede that Kohlberg Kravis is one that pulled out ( L )
In one instance , the Government 's Friday filing alluded to a concession that a Microsoft witness , Richard L. Schmalensee , a Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist , made during a closed court session of which the details had not been previously been made public .
The Johnson & Johnson unit Scios , which makes Natrecor , had asked Dr. Braunwald to convene a committee to review the drug after publication of the studies , reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association and another medical publication , Circulation .
By tying Internet Explorer to Windows 95 in this way , Microsoft has substantially foreclosed competing Internet browsers from a significant channel of distribution .
and Exxon can hire as many as they want .
Honeywell 's stock , which had stayed well above $ 50 in April and May of 2000 , closed at $ 40.25 on June 19 that year , after the company issued its first earnings alert .
''A number of critics have suggested ways in which we could have further constrained Microsoft 's conduct in the marketplace -- either by excluding it from markets outside the operating system market , restricting it from integrating functions into its products or collaborating with others , or requiring it to widely share its source code as an open platform .
Some even mount performance-art protests , called Whirl-Mart , in which groups push empty carts through Wal-Mart 's aisles .
Microsoft apparently has had its own difficulties in defining just what an operating system is .
In a general sense , while Cisco 's year ended in a much more sour way than it began , the returns were not nearly as calamitous as those experienced by other telecommunications equipment providers like Lucent Technologies and Nortel Networks .
Xerox , which is based in Stamford , Conn. , had little choice but to sell .
General Motors and Ford Motor are each due to complete work on new car plants in Russia this summer .
The company 's major hardware partners , including iRiver Inc. , Creative Technology Ltd. and Samsung , might break with Microsoft and team up with a competitor like RealNetworks Inc. , the music and video service provider , making Microsoft 's task all the more difficult .
The new Hughes will be 34 percent owned by the Fox Entertainment Group , a public company in which News will have an 82 percent stake after the deal .
Well-known scientists who have joined Microsoft recently include two leading computer designers , Gordon Bell and Butler Lampson , as well as some of the nation 's best-known computer graphics researchers , Jim Blinn , Jim Kajiya and Alvy Ray Smith .
For Texas Instruments , based in Dallas , the sale would help it concentrate on making computer chips , another business where size and financial strength matter because of the huge costs of research , development and plant construction .
And he accused Electronic Arts of turning a blind eye to sexual elements of the game that might not be appropriate for teenagers .
The application is the first step in a roughly three-month process that ultimately gives shareholders the chance to approve or reject Verizon 's takeover bid for MCI .
Continental Airlines is expected to announce today that it will buy 35 wide-body jets in an exclusive arrangement with the Boeing Company , according to people familiar with the airline 's plans .
counted about 2,300 fly-by-wire planes among Boeing and Airbus models , the two most popular among big jets ; another 8,700 planes in those fleets had conventional mechanical systems .
Researchers at I.B.M .
This spring General Motors has run three marketing campaigns centered on its American roots .
Verizon Details Its Fiber Optic Spending
Synquest , which counts the Ford Motor Company among its customers , wanted to include larger companies in the deal , but I.B.M .
Cisco was willing to forgo competing in the core telecommunications markets for big phone switches and corporate phone systems .
Electronic Arts , world 's leading independent producers of games for PC 's and game consoles , will soon get some idea of how it is doing on two big investments : $ 350 million to develop an online gaming site called EA.com and another $ 350 million to produce games for Sony 's next video game console , Playstation II ; EA.com debuts in September , and Playstation II in October ; Electronic Arts hopes to corner 30 percent of game market for Playstation II , up from 20 percent on current Sony players ; John Riccitiello , president , sees an expanding opportunity in more powerful game consoles and PC 's , as well as faster Internet connections ; photos ; graph ( M )
THE Coca-Cola Company , tinkering again with the advertising approach for Diet Coke , is seeking to convince consumers to buy the brand not just for the taste of it but just for the heck of it .
At these start-ups , the software and electronic commerce services are built to work on the Internet 's World Wide Web rather than being bound to Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
In retrospect , perhaps Ms. Hopkins should have stayed at Boeing , whose stock price shot up after she left .
Microsoft Corp lawyer Michael Lacovara leads company 's final witness Richard L Schmalensee at its antitrust trial through long chain of charges that Government has thrown at Microsoft through eight months of trial and asks him to rebut each of them ; Schmalensee agrees that there is no substance to any of the charges ( M )
Forced to stop charging for Navigator by Microsoft 's free distribution of its competing brower software , Explorer , Netscape gambled that going one step further and releasing its code would give Navigator a competitive advantage over Explorer in the long run by spurring innovation .
If there is a religion here in the nation 's high-technology heartland , its first commandment has long been Moore 's Law , the 1965 observation by an Intel co-founder , Gordon E. Moore , that the number of transistors on a silicon chip would double annually .
I.B.M .
With McDonald 's package labeling , customers have to do the math .
The contract is part of Exxon Mobil 's planned $ 12.3 billion investment in the oil fields , known as Sakhalin I .
''Nothing more than the whim of a 13-year-old hacker is required to knock any user , site or server right off of the Internet , '' said Mr. Gibson , who warned Microsoft after a denial-of-service attack recently disabled his company 's Web site for 17 hours .
Media Talk ; A New Magazine , by Way of Starbucks
Yahoo earned $ 50.8 million in the second quarter , up 137 percent .
''That 's a huge challenge for Apple , to win the software developers over and drag them along , '' said Mr. Wolf , the Needham analyst .
Amazon offered free shipping for orders over $ 49 over the summer and dropped the minimum to $ 25 in September .
Charles E. F. Millard , who as chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of New York fought for bottler 's rights and led the company through a period of sharp growth , died Monday at his home in Fenwick , Conn. , near Old Saybrook .
He is a good friend of Gary G. Lynch , Morgan Stanley 's chief legal officer .
But it is McDonald 's , as the world 's largest restaurant chain and one of the biggest purchasers of animal products , whose evolving stance is driving change throughout the food industry .
That deal , the Justice Department contends , is an example of how Microsoft illegally used the market power derived from its monopoly in operating-system software to stifle competition in the market for the browser software used to navigate the World Wide Web .
Besides , he says , unlike the actions taken by The Lorain Journal or Aspen Skiing , Microsoft 's contracts do not prevent consumers from installing Netscape 's browser or from using the Web sites of Microsoft 's rivals .
In a deal announced yesterday , Priceline will license its trademark and software to Priceline.com Webhouse Club Inc. , a new venture through which consumers can set the prices they are willing to pay for grocery store staples ranging from disposable razors to peanut butter .
''I 'm not quite sure , '' Senator Mike DeWine of Ohio quoted one representative as saying , ''it has something to do with Microsoft . ''
Laptop computers , for one , present thorny problems for discount retailers because they are costly , difficult to display and to sell and are easy targets for thieves .
WHEN things go wrong with Windows 98 , many advanced users turn to ''Windows 98 Resource Kit , '' a 1,792-page behemoth from Microsoft .
Amgen 's earnings per share , excluding special items , while up 20 percent for the quarter , were below analyst estimates .
He disputes Wal-Mart 's claim that it investigates every employee the same way .
In March , the European Commission fined Microsoft $ 600 million , ordered it to offer a version of the Windows operating system without its media player software , and told it to share more technical information with other software makers .
Japan 's credit rating could be lowered again soon because the country is not moving fast enough to deal with deflation and debt , the rating agency Moody 's Investors Service said today .
After Another Climb , Whither I.B.M .
Microsoft 's Xbox , with its ability to connect to the Internet and play digital video and music , is a Trojan horse of sorts , part of the company 's ambitious effort to extend its reach from the personal computer to the television .
A deal with a private equity consortium could appeal to Time Warner , because it might not upset regulators the way a combination with another music company might .
Early in the spring , Frontier and U S West had agreed to merge with Global Crossing , a fledgling telecommunications concern based in Bermuda and founded by the financier Gary Winnick .
Cisco 's chief executive , John T. Chambers , who even amid the downturn expressed optimism about his own company 's eventual fortunes , sounded more broadly positive , giving his most sanguine comments in many quarters about the immediate future of the American economy .
Wal-Mart said Tuesday that its purchase of a 35 percent stake in the Bounteous Company , a Taiwan-owned group that operates more than 100 retail outlets in China , is part of a strategy to expand in large emerging markets like Brazil and India , as well as China .
In January , Yahoo agreed to exchange stock , now worth $ 3.7 billion , for Geocities , a service on which three million people publish Internet home pages .
Only a day later , Venezuelan agents raided Exxon 's offices here in the San Ignacio towers , a bastion for this country 's business elite .
Many of CHRISTOPHER REEVE 's friends and fans came out to honor him at the Christopher Reeve Paralysis Foundation dinner at the New York Marriott Marquis recently .
AOL is still holding open the possibility of pursuing legal action against Microsoft , on antitrust grounds , if the two sides can not otherwise agree , this person said .
In an effort to reward its brightest technologists , Microsoft plans to announce today that it has created a distinguished engineer program , initially honoring 16 of the company 's best designers .
I.B.M .
Morgan Stanley issued a public statement but would not provide additional details .
Mr. Levin said his move to Microsoft started earlier this year during a telephone conversation with Rick Rashid , the head of Microsoft 's research division , about research matters .
''What was important to General Mills and to us was that Betty Crocker needed a mission , '' Mr. Meyers said , ''not just to throw up pages on a Web site . ''
Man in the News profile of Paul Maritz , who takes witness stand this week as highest-ranking Microsoft official scheduled to testify in company 's antitrust trial : Maritz was executive who oversaw development of some of main Microsoft products at issue in trial ; photo ( M )
By a 2-to-1 ruling , the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Baltimore found that the Maryland requirement -- which affected only Wal-Mart -- violated a 32-year-old federal labor law known by its shorthand , Erisa .
The banking companies -- ABN Amro , Barclays , BNP Paribas , Calyon , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley -- agreed to lend $ 13 billion directly to Rosneft and a further $ 9 billion to a Rosneft special-purpose subsidiary , Razvitiye , which was created to bid at the auctions .
Apple Computer and Motorola to unveil long-awaited mobile phone and music player next week that will incorporate Apple 's iTunes software ; software will allow people to transfer songs from personal computer to mobile phone , then listen to songs , presumably through headphones ( M )
Cisco Systems , which makes much of equipment that powers Internet , has become leader in computer industry , replacing Microsoft Corp ; shift took place between March 1999 and March 2000 , as Cisco 's stock tripled , swelling company 's market capitalization by $ 380 billion , to $ 560 billion ; chart ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Coke and Procter & Gamble In Joint Marketing Venture
Verizon also reiterated plans to pay $ 23.10 a share for MCI despite complaints from stockholders who want at least the same all-cash offer of $ 25.72 a share that Verizon agreed to pay Carlos Slim Helú , MCI 's largest shareholder , for his 13.4 percent stake .
But Ms. Weinberger said it was ''absolutely not '' leaked by Bank of America as a marketing ploy .
Even with its recent success , he said , Procter has been sacrificing some profit margin to maintain strong top-line growth .
Already , several big brokers who do business in London -- the Willis Group , Aon and Jardine Lloyd Thompson , among others -- have pledged to stop accepting contingent commissions , or incentive fees , which have been criticized as among the most questionable practices in the industry .
Only two weeks ago , Eastman Kodak announced a chip able to capture digital images with a resolution of 4,096 by 4,096 picture elements -- or pixels -- per square inch .
And while many development companies that are active in the New York area say that they would like nothing more than to have Wal-Mart come to one of their strip centers or big-box developments , some developers are trying different tactics .
Microsoft faces a potent challenge as software is increasingly built and distributed as a service on the Internet .
Investigators are looking into whether other Air Force officials besides Ms. Druyun may have committed crimes , and whether Boeing violated federal procurement laws .
Interpublic has already begun making changes .
ChevronTexaco has acquired building at 1500 Louisiana Street in Houston , which Enron Corp built but never occupied , from Intell Management and Investment Co ; last December , group of investors bought Enron 's older 1.3-million-square-foot building , which is connected to new tower by circular skybridge , for $ 55.5 million ; photo ( M )
For the full year , the durable magic of ''The Lord of the Rings '' helped Time Warner finish with its first annual profit since it merged with AOL in 2001 .
I.B.M .
Microsoft has put considerable pressure on Netscape over the last year by giving away its competing Web browsing software , and Netscape has countered by broadening the reach of its products to challenge both Microsoft and Lotus in the corporate computing market .
A spokesman for Pfizer said yesterday that the company was still reviewing how much Bextra 's absence would hurt its profits .
If lightning strikes my office and turns my iMac into a puddle of molten goo , I can retrieve my important files from Apple 's servers and install them on my new Mac , assuming , of course , that I am not a puddle of goo myself .
After Microsoft filed its proposal last week to water down the government plan -- while still disputing its very premise -- the Justice Department and 19 state governments that are partners in the antitrust suit asked for a chance to respond .
It is a top-of-mind question for directors of General Motors , who are scheduled to meet Friday to discuss whether to open talks on a three-way alliance involving G.M .
''This permits both management and remote configuration of Cisco routers and switches from our software . ''
Menu executives told financial analysts this week that the company was still shipping products to Procter & Gamble , which has contracts with Menu to produce some Iams and Eukanuba wet foods .
Qwest said there would be no conflict between the Microsoft investment and another recent alliance that Qwest announced with Microsoft 's rival in Internet server software , the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Its failure has led many analysts to suggest that placement on the Windows desktop , while useful , may not be as important for Internet commerce and programming sites as Microsoft had hoped or rivals like Intuit had feared .
Earnings Fall Again at Charles Schwab
Ms. Elsner said the two Picassos were provided by reputable dealers with whom Costco has done business since it entered the fine-art market .
Google , in move that will enable its employees to earn more money from stock options , says it will create system allowing options to be sold as well as expected ; Google will grant employees new type of option , called transferable stock option ; company will work with Morgan Stanley to set up market that will enable financial institutions and other investors to bid for those options ( M )
This month , Microsoft is expected to introduce its new software strategy based on what its co-founder , William H. Gates , is calling Next Generation Windows Services .
''After four collective bargaining meetings , it was clear we were not getting anywhere , '' said Mr. Pelletier , the Wal-Mart Canada senior manager .
Verizon Communications said yesterday that its net income fell by half in the first quarter compared with the period a year earlier , when accounting changes increased earnings .
Coca-Cola Reported in Talks To Acquire Quaker Oats
Neither Microsoft nor the Justice Department would comment on the company 's proposal .
The assignments are most likely to be divided among other General Mills agencies .
As the boundaries between local-area and wide-area networks disappear , the Stratacom acquisition could help Cisco set the standard for integrating the transmission of voice , video and data over networks .
As the creator of the Pentium family of chips , Intel sets the standard ; the others can only emulate it .
Wal-Mart on the Hunt for an Extreme Makeover
The world 's fastest computer is based on 9,152 Intel Pentium P6 processors and it has achieved a peak speed of more than 1.3 trillion mathematical operations a second .
The case concerned equipment that links computers together , particularly those made by Cisco Systems , Cabletron , 3Com and Bay Networks .
Now , in dozens of television commercials scheduled to debut next week under the slogan ''Life Tastes Good , '' company officials want to evoke what they call the inherently ''magical '' and ''wholesome '' qualities of Coke , a brand that single-handedly accounts for some 60 percent of the drink maker 's $ 20.5 billion in annual sales .
''The software suites have broken down the boundaries between what were once separate crafts , '' said Peter A. Crean , a senior fellow at Xerox who specializes in digital imaging .
The other shops on the American Express direct marketing agency roster are Ogilvy & Mather Direct , a unit of the WPP Group , and Wunderman Cato Johnson , a unit of Young & Rubicam Inc .
Some Yelp as Microsoft Squeezes
Although Mr. Tisch , a legendary investor , had not played a day-to-day role at Loews for several years , his death at age 80 nonetheless comes at a difficult time for the company , which has been forced to take reserves at its CNA insurance business and is deeply invested in the increasingly troubled cigarette industry .
''Customer response to our new products has been very strong , and this quarter we are focused on delivering Power Mac G5 's beginning in August and finishing Panther for release later this year , '' Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , said in a statement .
Airbus , which is based in Toulouse , France , has a backlog of orders for 1,454 aircraft , which represents about five years of production at current rates , compared with 1,110 , about four years of production , for Boeing .
Most of the big health care software suppliers , analysts point out , are also big customers for Microsoft operating systems , databases and programming tools .
Newspapers are trying to protecting their turf from Google , Yahoo and other Internet companies that have moved more aggressively to serve local information and ads to readers .
''I would n't be surprised if we redoubled our efforts to make sure Airbus prospers , '' one senior European official visiting Washington said a few hours after the Boeing-McDonnell deal was announced .
Apple Computer says profit in its first quarter ended Dec 25 more than quadrupled on strong holiday sales of its iPod music player ; net profit was $ 295 million compared with $ 63 million year earlier ; revenue was $ 3.49 billion , up 74 percent from $ 2 billion year ago ; company shipped more than one million Macintosh computers in quarter , 26 percent over last year ; sold 4.6 million iPods in quarter , five times number sold year earlier ; Apple 's iTunes music store made small profit , selling 230 million songs to date ; photo ( M )
Texas Instruments in Dallas has begun a review for an agency to handle its worldwide account , which has been handled by TM Advertising in Irving , Tex. , part of the Interpublic Group of Companies .
In addition to the Bank of America , the documents name Deloitte & Touche and the former Italian affiliate of Grant Thornton , which is now called Italaudit .
But Wal-Mart , by far the nation 's biggest discount chain , threw cold water on that legacy this weekend , estimating that sales in November -- including Black Friday -- fell 0.1 percent , below its expectations .
''It seems to me that if your side has access to it , then the other side , frankly , should have access to it , '' the judge said to Microsoft 's lawyers , according to a transcript of a conference call released later .
''Coke is making one more bizarre investment that their shareholders are never going to see a return on , '' said the spokesman , Jeff Brown , who estimated that whatever concessions Coca-Cola made to Burger King would have to be matched at McDonald 's as well .
Apple , Belkin and Netgear ( though not Linksys ) promise software updaters that will bring this ''draft n '' gear into ''final n '' compliance this summer .
The nation 's biggest mall developers , like General Growth Properties and the Simon Property Group , have ratcheted up their own e-commerce strategies in recent months .
Adobe is shipping an updated version of Pagemaker , version 6.5 Plus , available March 15 , at $ 499 , or $ 99 for upgrades from previous versions .
Oracle said repeatedly that it would provide enhanced support for PeopleSoft products for at least 10 years , provide free migration to Oracle products if customers choose to switch , and continue to sell PeopleSoft products but not market them .
He later sold The South China Morning Post of Hong Kong , a newspaper often critical of Beijing , to a pro-Beijing businessman .
Raytheon Widens Layoffs ; Lower Earnings Foreseen
Is there a way to put a photograph into a Microsoft Word document ?
Roseland 's deal with Lennar is a 50-50 partnership on future development although the proceeds of the sales will not exactly be split down the middle .
Still , on a sunny day on a sidewalk in front of the World Trade Center , there was at least one piece of evidence that antipathy to Microsoft was going to die hard .
LIKE every author I know , I 'm obsessed with the Amazon ranking of my new book .
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , moved Tuesday to revamp its business as it seeks to reverse a slide in its market share and its profit .
The Joost-Viacom partnership gives Viacom a degree of control over its programming that it has been unable to obtain so far from the video-sharing Web site YouTube .
While the software is being marketed as an improvement for desktop computer users , it could have just as big a future in powering a yet-to-be announced Apple hand-held computer-phone .
By contrast , the middleware of the non-Microsoft camp runs on any operating system , but it is geared toward Java programmers .
Its Brief Fling With Microsoft Makes SAP Almost Famous
THE Bristol-Myers Squibb Company , long known for its well-mannered culture , may soon see a battle royal for its top office .
Pierre M. Omidyar , the founder of eBay , and his wife , Pamela , gave $ 100 million to Tufts University this week , with some unusual strings attached .
Another attempt to whistle into the winds blowing against the company is the Apple Jedi Web site , an on-line information source for Apple aficionados , which bills itself as the ''defenders of the OS '' ( operating system ) , and tells people who visit it ''Let the dark side of the OS be warned , '' the dark side in this case being Microsoft and the PC 's that run its operating systems .
After the deal , Staples-Office Depot would have nearly 1,100 stores while Officemax would have 638 .
It described the submission of technical documentation in July , and the revision process since then , as ''an unprecedented undertaking involving over 300 engineers and technical writers at Microsoft . ''
Lockheed Martin Mission Systems , whose handwriting recognition software was used to decipher scribble on billions of pages of forms in 2000 census , says its analysis of the results show system to be accurate 99.4 percent of the time , slightly more accurate than when human operators read the forms ; Richard Taylor , system 's architect , attributes success to power of negative thinking : considering every possibility at every step of what could go wrong ( M )
This summer , Time Inc. began selling All You only at Wal-Mart and spun off Your Diet from People .
The move comes in the wake of public controversy over the decision by Yahoo 's Beijing division to cooperate with Chinese authorities seeking to identify the user of a Yahoo e-mail address in China last year .
Pfizer becomes one of the three largest accounts for Carat .
In China , for instance , the Philip Morris International unit of Altria signed a deal in 2005 that allows it to manufacture and sell Marlboro cigarettes to the country 's 350 million smokers .
When he was on NBC , David Letterman became a cultural icon by mocking his corporate bosses at General Electric .
On Monday , Boeing announced the firing of Mr. Stonecipher , 68 , who is married and is a father and a grandfather , for having a relationship with an employee that could embarrass the company .
The site Macboy.com , for one , offers brief cartoons with such unlikely Apple switchers as Bill Gates and the ubiquitous ''Steve '' from Dell Computer 's ad campaign .
Ms. Carone , the Xerox spokeswoman , said Xerox was referring to 1997 through 2000 when it said the differences in the two methods of accounting were not material .
Federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson openly questions reliability of video evidence Microsoft has presented in court and calls situation 'very troubling ' ; Jackson , at request of Microsoft , agrees to end proceedings for the day to let Microsoft regroup and try again on Feb 4 ; at issue has been videotape that Microsoft has shown to try to demonstrate key defense point -- that its Windows operating system and Internet browser are not , as Government contends , separate products bundled together to stifle competition , but single product blended seamlessly to benefit consumers ( M )
Excluding one-time items , Applied Materials earned 2 cents a share , beating Wall Street 's expectation of a break-even quarter .
Wisconsin Electric Power is one of the utilities with a new approach to pricing power .
The stories are told by actual Home Depot customers in commercials directed by a documentary filmmaker , Jeff Bednarz , in a cinéma vérité style .
Altogether they have lost about 80 percent of their value , largely because of increased competition from Verizon and other large telecommunications companies .
In short , Intel is offering to answer any question you might have about personal computing .
The company hands out instructions to its employees to help them to apply to social service agencies , which Wal-Mart says is simply part of the service they provide employees who need to have their income verified for any number of reasons .
Still , Merck remains immensely profitable , with 62,000 employees , $ 22 billion in annual sales and $ 6 billion in annual profit .
By that standard , the $ 1.55 to $ 1.70 a share that General Electric expects to earn in 2003 would not be an improvement from this year 's results .
Current and former black sales representatives of the Xerox Corporation sued the company yesterday , accusing it of racial discrimination and retaliation .
''There is no opportunity or market outside of India that is bigger than India for both commercial aircraft and defense products , '' said Mark Kronenberg , vice president for integrated defense systems for the Asia-Pacific region at Boeing .
''Norfolk Southern 's hostile offer comes as no surprise , '' CSX said in a statement .
And at least one ad turns the ridicule back on Apple .
PeopleSoft Rejects Latest Oracle Bid As Inadequate
Late yesterday evening , Exxon Mobil would say only that the terminal was being tested and needed additional Russian government permits , and would not comment on when the tanker would depart . ]
Instead she railed against HarperCollins , the News Corporation book division that owns her ReganBooks imprint , while taping her Sirius Satellite Radio show , according to Ron Hogan , an editor at GalleyCat , which is a book-oriented blog .
And then there is Albert J. Dunlap , a man who loved his reputation as Chainsaw Al , the tough executive who fired thousands of people and bragged that he deserved the $ 100 million he got when Scott Paper , a company he was credited with turning around , was sold to Kimberly-Clark in 1995 .
The result is a number of new music players , on the market or in the works , that have Apple in their sights .
Microsoft 's cross-examination , the Government insists , did little to undermine the key point Mr. Norris vividly detailed -- that Microsoft used its industry-standard Windows operating system to try to prod I.B.M .
Whirlpool 's offer could force Ripplewood to drop its deal and try to force Maytag to pay it a $ 40 million termination fee .
But now that computers have created endless ways to massage data , Kodak must convince the world that photography and photographs are still relevant -- that Kodak can , to quote its new advertising slogan , indeed ''take pictures further . ''
With Wal-Mart stressing compliance from its pharmacists , proponents of emergency contraception hope that the company will reconsider its decision not to carry Preven and will eventually carry a recently approved similar product called Plan B .
And even though , in their heads , they know that Corning is staying put -- indeed , even growing -- in their hearts they sense that an era is ending .
Although a News Corporation spokesman denied at the time that Mr. Murdoch was angered by Mr. Malone 's statement , an associate of the two confirmed that Mr. Murdoch was upset .
This time , the share price fell only 3 percent in the session after the company reported its results , prompting one financial analyst , Mark S. Mahaney of American Technology Research , to joke , ''That 's almost worth a victory lap for Amazon . ''
Onex , a Toronto-based investment company , expanded its presence in the aerospace business Thursday by joining with the private equity arm of Goldman Sachs to buy Raytheon 's business jet division for about $ 3.3 billion .
Amazon.com 's stock began booming in the first week of 1999 trading as investors anticipated the 3-for-1 stock split last Tuesday .
Dr. Lee said he joined Microsoft in 1998 .
''We think we can really drive down the cost curve for supercomputing , '' said David Turek , vice president for deep computing at I.B.M .
On Dec. 1 , Moody 's Investors Service downgraded Xerox 's debt to junk bond status .
Japan 's Internet powerhouse Softbank Corp will set up two on-line businesses in toys and investment advice , along with three new venture capital funds that could invest up to $ 1.6 billion in start-ups in Japan 's fledgling Internet industry ; Softbank is teaming up with Bandai Co , Yahoo Japan and five others to sell toys on line and will be joined by Microsoft Corp , Directadvice.com and other companies in offering financial advice to investors ; graph ( S )
Over all , though , it is Microsoft that has had the steeper mountain to climb .
Rather than spin off life sciences as a stand-alone company , DuPont said yesterday that it planned to issue a new stock that would track the performance of that fast-growing business , which accounted for $ 4.3 billion of DuPont 's $ 24.8 billion in total sales last year .
The opening page complains about the trial , including a quotation from an unnamed Web-site visitor , printed in red italic letters , that says : ''The actions of the government against the Microsoft Corporation are detrimental to the very system of competition that made the U.S. a world leader in technology . ''
The Microsoft lawyers described him in court as a ''lone wolf '' who had a personal vendetta against Mr. Gates and Microsoft because Mr. McGeady 's career had been sidetracked at Intel after his software plans did not succeed .
Even Mr. Kellogg 's experience with helpful taste-matching at Amazon was a case of a human 's coming to the rescue .
Patty Faith , a spokeswoman for General Motors of Canada , which sold the London factory to General Dynamics in 2003 , declined to comment .
Neiman Marcus Group 's chairman Richard A Smith has let it be known that he is thinking of selling his stock in retail company ; Smith , through his company General Cinema , took big stake in Neiman 's parent in 1984 , buying convertible shares for $ 300 million , and Smith family now controls company ; executives from Neiman Marcus met last week with bankers and Goldman Sachs and have been working for months with consulting firm McKinsey & Co on strategic options ; photo ( M )
A growing number of Internet-literate workers are forwarding their office e-mail to free Web-accessible personal accounts offered by Google , Yahoo and other companies .
In the creative review , Verizon Wireless initially considered eight agencies in addition to McCann Erickson .
In hindsight , Mr. Odeen 's life is less an outgrowth of his past than it is of last year 's failed merger of Honeywell and General Electric .
Judge Sue L. Robinson ruled that two Medtronic versions of the wire mesh cylinders , which are inserted into blood vessels to keep them open after blockages have been cleared , infringed a patent held by Guidant .
Although most of the headlines have been generated by last year 's Picasso sale , Costco 's current fine-art offerings seem to boil down to lithographs .
Doctors and analysts have long viewed Merck as the most ethical of the major drug companies .
But analysts say such a deal would be more complex than the eBay arrangements with AOL and Disney , as it would have to find a way to account for Yahoo 's existing auction service .
''Apple has made it into a Walkman , '' Mr. Miller said .
Such conflicts of interest were vividly illustrated when it emerged that Jack Grubman , a star analyst , had said in an e-mail message that Mr. Weill had rewarded him for a rosy recommendation on AT & T stock by helping get Mr. Grubman 's children into the elite nursery school at the 92nd Street Y. Citigroup ultimately agreed to pay $ 400 million to settle the research charges .
When Mr. Millard joined Coca-Cola Bottling in 1967 , he was 35 and one of the first outsiders to lead what had been a system made up of mostly small , family-run bottling companies .
But the 276 new Pontiac G6 sport sedans that Oprah Winfrey presented to delighted members of her studio audience on Monday -- a product placement that cost General Motors more than $ 7 million -- are indicative of new initiatives by agencies and automakers as competition intensifies .
''The plaintiffs are just trying to get a quick buck out of Merck , and I think they 'll go chase another ambulance once they figure out that Merck 's not paying . ''
Juan M. Vasquez , the deputy editorial page editor of The Miami Herald , which ran an opinion article praising Wal-Mart by Ms .
Also yesterday , Burger King said that it had signed a new 10-year contract with the Coca-Cola Company to provide soft-drink fountain service at its restaurants .
He will receive a relatively small salary , he said , in keeping with what other Yahoo executives earn .
Now the critical question that confronts Gilbert F. Amelio , Apple 's new chairman , is whether the computer marketplace will wait while he completes his planned three-year corporate ''transformation '' of the fabled company that was once known as the Little Kingdom , but is now struggling to differentiate itself in a computer industry that increasingly ignores it .
To create low-cost accelerometers for airbags and other uses , Analog Devices , a company based in Norwood , Mass. , that makes about 700,000 accelerometers a week , turned to the same photo-etching technology used to create microchips .
But Ms. Lerner said Chiron would continue to dominate the multiple sclerosis field at least until 1996 , even if Biogen gets approval for its product next year .
The yellow faces are similarly missing from the Wal-Mart Web site ( walmart.com ) , redesigned this week .
Under the terms of the agreement , AOL Time Warner may deny access to service providers if it deems that they would strain the capacity of its cable lines .
Silicon Valley companies , which were already re-examining their compensation packages , are feeling increased pressure to alter their pay practices in light of Microsoft 's decision to change the way it pays its 50,000 employees .
Two days after city inspectors ripped up illegal Nike advertising decals glued to sidewalks along Central Park West , Microsoft unleashed a swarm of large adhesive butterflies in Manhattan .
In a separate letter also published by the journal yesterday , those Merck scientists said they , too , stood behind their work .
A spokesman for Interpublic in New York , Philippe Krakowsky , said that the company supported ''the election of all nominated board members '' because the board ''led our comprehensive financial review and restatement process . ''
If you do n't already have a source for broadband service , Microsoft and AOL are both delighted to offer it in selected cities for $ 40 to $ 55 a month .
COMPANY REPORTS : THE MARKETS -- Market Place ; Motorola issues some relatively good news , then some bad .
By September , Pfizer plans to submit an application to the F.D.A .
Pfizer , maker of Lipitor , the leading drug to reduce harmful blood cholesterol , announced yesterday that it would pay $ 1.3 billion for Esperion Therapeutics , a small company that has pioneered a new series of drugs that mimic or enhance so-called good cholesterol .
Instead , Costco and other retailers are selling growing numbers of wide-screen plasma and liquid-crystal display flat-panel TV 's , which are more expensive than traditional TV 's .
Microsoft litters the desktop with icons that take users to Web sites on which the company and its partners sell services .
Bristol-Myers Squibb , the pharmaceutical industry 's quiet giant , has replaced Glaxo Wellcome P.L.C .
Now , it costs Bank of America less than $ 22 in its branches .
Microsoft Exceeds Forecast for Sales , But Not for Profit
J Sainsbury supermarket chain posts net loss in six months to October 9 of 88 million pounds sterling ( $ 163 million ) , its first loss ever ; says discussions are underway with Morgan Stanley to ward off potential takeover moves ; photo ( M )
Three separate issues are involved in the accounting restatements , with the largest concerning Xerox 's accounting for leases of its copiers .
John C. Malone made news this week when his Liberty Media Corporation said it might increase its voting stake in the News Corporation through a complex stock swap .
MELLON BANK PLANNING TO BUY BACK 8 MILLION SHARES
The deadline for buying Boeing jets for delivery by 2010 expired on Nov. 1 , according to an outspoken minority shareholder in Aeroflot , but Boeing and Aeroflot had not commented publicly on a possible breakdown of the deal until Thursday .
Interpublic Group of Companies is expanding into sports and event marketing by acquiring ownership stakes in two shops specializing in that field : Advantage International in Washington and API Group in London ; financial terms undisclosed ( S )
Shares in Interpublic closed Friday at $ 13.62 , down 54 percent this year .
Mr. Jobs is famously secretive about Apple 's product plans .
EBAY , the online auction house , remains the undisputed champion of e-commerce , with a stock market value ( $ 21.6 billion as of Friday 's close ) that is more than double that of Amazon .
''We can do this in Vancouver , Montreal , or Orlando , '' said Jeff Brown , vice president for Electronic Arts .
The Bank of America Corporation said yesterday that one of its top lending executives had left the company .
According to Mr. Purcell , Morgan Stanley and its clients should not be disturbed by the firm 's activities during the bubble .
Despite efforts to stop Ms. Tasco 's bill and others like it around the country , Citigroup is ''in favor of supporting legislation that would go after the bad actors out there , '' said Pamela Flaherty , who manages community relations for the company .
Calling it ''one of the most important mergers in U.S. history , '' Mr. Holliday said the acquisition would allow DuPont to participate in the creation of higher-yielding crops and more nutritious foods in a world where the amount of available arable land will soon be inadequate to handle a growing population .
''We do n't plan that far ahead at I.B.M. , '' said Mr. Gerstner with a laugh .
Mr. Hewlett 's camp won a smaller victory earlier today , when the investment arm of Bank of America said it would vote the shares it holds against the deal .
REMEMBER when I.B.M .
But Mr. Glaser and several industry analysts said that for technical and other reasons Microsoft was unlikely to achieve the dominance with its Media Player that its Internet Explorer program gained over Netscape 's rival Navigator browser .
By lowering sticker prices , General Motors and Ford are not doing away with incentives , they are just hoping to offer smaller ones .
Federal officials are near decision on whether to open formal investigation into safety of Goodyear tires on large pickup trucks , sport utility vehicles and vans ; Goodyear says it has received reports of 15 deaths in crashes attributed to tires ; this comes during recall of 14.4 million Firestone light truck tires that have been blamed for 119 deaths over last decade ( M )
''We try to understand what we think they are going to want when they come into a Wal-Mart , '' Mrs. Berryhill said .
Cisco 's productivity jumped 9 percent in the last quarter , Mr .
IBM announces sweeping management overhaul that includes elevating of Samuel J Palmisano , senior vice president , to become president and chief operating officer ; move makes Palmisano likely successor to Louis V Gerstner as chairman-chief executive ; John M Thompson , senior vice president , will become vice chairman ; photos ( M )
But it is facing new competition from companies like Motorola , Corning and Agilent Technologies , the spinoff from the Hewlett-Packard Company .
A case in point is Judy Estrin , a founder of Bridge Communications , who became Cisco 's chief technology officer after the company earlier this year acquired Precept Software , where she worked .
An analyst at Merrill Lynch , Martin Feldman , sees the victory of the Bush administration , which has not been shy about expressing disdain for trial lawyers and excessive litigation , as a potential boon to Altria 's litigation woes .
The labor board 's decision has drawn praise from one group of workers at the Wal-Mart here and strong complaints from others .
Adams , which is based in Parsippany , N.J. , recorded about $ 1.9 billion in sales in 2001 , according to Pfizer .
There is a dangerous probability that Microsoft can and will achieve a monopoly in the market for Internet browser software through the actions complained of by the plaintiff states .
The E. T. campaign features an icon in the style of a traffic sign , created by Arnell , which became the agency for Progressive in August .
At the moment that Sears is trying to answer such questions , it is back to being a pure retail company , after selling off to Citigroup the credit card business that generated about 60 percent of its earnings .
I.B.M .
Not only did Citigroup 's board hand Mr. Weill $ 21.5 million in pay ; it also took care of the taxes on his benefits .
Ms. Kozloff , the Bernstein analyst , sees Target 's approach as an example of how a site can help a retailer in ways that do not involve online sales .
It said last year that it was considering the 787 as well as the 777 and 747-800 from Boeing , and the Airbus A380 , A350-XWB and the A330 .
But the Microsoft trial now nearing an end deserves that label for the light it sheds on where the real power lies as the 20th century ends .
But a news conference has been scheduled for this morning in Manhattan with Mr. Spitzer and Bradford L. Smith , the general counsel for Microsoft .
''They realize how important this Y2K transition is to our customers and to I.B.M. , '' observed David Cassano , general manager of I.B.M .
Qwest said it would not revise its offer based on yesterday 's news , asking Frontier for a ''prompt affirmation so we can proceed together , '' adding , ''Time , of course , is of the essence to us and the Frontier shareholders . ''
World Business Briefing | Europe : Britain : Asian News Programs
In a strategic shift , Medtronic Inc. , the biggest maker of heartbeat regulators , said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Sofamor Danek Group for $ 3.6 billion in Medtronic stock .
Citigroup currently owns about 85 percent of Travelers ' shares and said it would purchase the rest for $ 41.50 each .
The court found that Microsoft had engaged in anticompetitive behavior by imposing license restrictions on computer makers that forced them to install the company 's Internet Explorer browser and exclude rival Netscape 's Navigator browser .
Mattel took over the Cabbage Patch doll line from Hasbro last year and the brand 's sales have grown to $ 100 million from $ 40 million .
Mr. Klein said he left the Oct. 16 meeting convinced that Microsoft would not budge and would not address the Government 's concerns .
Zayante , once called Firefly , was founded in 1996 by a group of former Apple employees who , while at Apple , had invented an unusually fast way of transferring data between devices .
Over the longer term , the real issue may be whether investors lose their faith in Microsoft as a money machine whose rapid growth will end up justifying the purchase of its stock at any price .
It was the type of performance that Wall Street had come to expect from Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , I.B.M .
In some respects , though , the impending marriage of Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter is only the latest attempt by Wall Street titans to wring out greater profit by putting under one roof the underwriting of stocks and bonds for corporate clients and the sale of stocks , bonds and mutual funds to individual investors .
The Times said documents showing the connection between Microsoft and the group placing the ads , the Independent Institute , had been provided by a Microsoft adversary associated with the computer industry .
The company , Settlement Recovery Center in San Francisco , helps small and medium-size businesses in California recover money owed them by Microsoft as part of a $ 1.1 billion antitrust settlement .
Xerox and others have argued that Year 2000 preparation programs similarly protected insurers from having to pay far larger claims .
Still , Government lawyers could argue that the Microsoft-Intel meeting was an effort to limit competition -- Intel 's freely distributed software , in this instance .
Shares of Comcast fell 20 cents , to $ 30.22 .
And the handful of titles in Microsoft 's WM9 Pro recordings represent only a tiny portion of all compressed digital music .
And Microsoft executives delivered an optimistic outlook for the company 's prospects , despite further weakening in the economy and the personal computer business in the aftermath of terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 .
In the February ratings , the 6 p.m. newscast of the NBC station beat that of the CBS station .
has also issued a warning letter to Boston Scientific in connection with its stents , the tiny , meshlike devices used to keep arteries open after they are unclogged .
While the Ford Motor Company has resisted recommending a higher pressure for Firestone tires on Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles in the United States , the automaker was moving by 1999 to start using a slightly different tire with higher pressure for Explorers in Venezuela , according to a document obtained by Congressional investigators .
Indeed , Mr. Nardelli 's resignation seems to indicate a rising fear among Home Depot 's directors that they would be subject to even more investor ire and personal embarrassment during the 2007 proxy season than they encountered in 2006 , when Mr. Nardelli ran the annual shareholder meeting like a lord over his fief .
would lose the suit , the damage had been done , and people in the computer industry would come to speak of ''I.B.M .
Many of those assailing Wal-Mart argue that the company can , and should , pay its workers at least $ 2 more an hour and add $ 1 or $ 2 an hour beyond that to improve its health benefits .
''While we are confident for a turnaround in 2001 , our fourth-quarter performance is likely to be softer than the third quarter , especially in light of the current economic environment , '' Paul A. Allaire , Xerox 's chairman , said in a statement .
Lukoil is a state-friendly oil company , and the deal with ConocoPhillips , America 's third-largest oil company , appears to have the Kremlin 's blessing .
Best Buy Is Named In Lawsuit Over Patents
Johnson & Johnson is the only potential competitor on the near horizon .
Microsoft has been active in suing suspected spammers , including several online pharmacies .
The company performed poorly under the owner at the time , the Beatrice Company , and Mr. Harman bought it back in 1980 for $ 55 million .
New study by Amnesty International , almost 20 years after gas leak at Union Carbide pesticide factory in Bhopal , India , that immediately killed 7,000 people and sickened several thousand others , finds that survivors still await proper compensation and adequate medical care and companies have gone unpunished ; says over 20,000 people have died and 100,000 people are living with chronic illnesses ; charges Union Carbide and Dow Chemical , which acquired it , as well as Indian government are evading human rights responsibilities ; photo ( M )
First Security has also granted Wells Fargo an option to purchase authorized but unissued shares of First Security common stock equal to 19.9 percent of First Security 's 206 million shares outstanding .
International Business Machines Corp sells its 127-acre Glendale Technology Park in Endicott , NY , to Glencott Realty Corp for $ 6.5 million ( S )
Such measures might include setting rules for the company 's licensing deals or requiring Microsoft to offer stripped-down versions of its operating system .
Despite the higher cost , Doreen A. Toben , Verizon 's chief financial officer , said investors were starting to understand that her company 's network would be more versatile than AT & T 's and thus worth the extra cost .
A chart in Business Day yesterday about changes in the telecommunications industry since the 1984 breakup of the AT & T Corporation reversed the date labels in comparing the costs of a five-minute telephone call between New York City and Los Angeles in 1984 and in 1994 .
Best Buy took 6,200 square feet of ground-floor space on the southeast corner of Broadway and 62nd Street -- including about 65 feet of frontage on Broadway .
Indeed , last month animated slices of Pizza Hut pizza were flying over the once sacrosanct Yahoo home page .
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser competed against Netscape 's Navigator , which was then the industry-leading Web software , and its MSN on-line service was seen as an important challenger to America Online .
''Until now the games that are indexed are typically slasher games in which individuals fight and someone is killed and there is blood , '' said Jeff Brown , an Electronic Arts spokesman .
By 1938 , Dr. Stanton had become CBS 's research director with a staff of 100 .
He accused Microsoft of wrongful termination , age discrimination and breach of contract .
Pfizer 's planned acquisition of Esperion , which is based in Ann Arbor , Mich. , would have to be approved by the Federal Trade Commission and by 51 percent of Esperion 's shareholders .
Among the top five firms -- Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers and Morgan Stanley -- compensation is highly correlated , meaning it moves in tandem , according to Johnson Associates Inc. , the compensation consulting firm .
Mr. Klein was encouraged enough by what he had heard to call Mr. Neukom , of Microsoft , the following day , to get further discussions started .
Although the machines individually are not among the most powerful made by I.B.M. , American officials are concerned because the units can form a potent computer if linked together .
''Everyone is given a fair chance to place a call and ensure that the call stays up , '' said Mike Haberman , who is in charge of Verizon 's cellular network in the New York metropolitan area .
The uncertainty with which public officials here awaited Boeing 's decision on whether and where to develop the 7E7 , known as the Dreamliner , is a far cry from the era when Seattle was the unchallenged home to the uncontested king of commercial aviation .
''It 's adequate to get us started , '' said Richard Birney , vice president for growth initiatives and investments at I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp did not expect sales of Windows 98 to be as healthy as they have been , and company 's support lines are being overwhelmed by calls ; reports of problems appear to be most prevalent during upgrades on older computers , rather than with new computers that have Windows 98 installed at factory ; photo ( M )
Responding in detail to Microsoft 's criticisms , the Justice Department today rejected any substantive changes in its plan to break up the company .
THE Microsoft Corporation has a longstanding reputation in the personal computer industry as a schoolyard bully .
The transaction -- The Times reported late last week that I.B.M .
In those interviews , Judge Jackson spoke extensively about his views of the case , accused Mr. Gates of having ''a Napoleonic concept of himself '' and compared Microsoft 's incriminating e-mails to intercepted conversations by drug traffickers who ''never figure out that they should n't be saying certain things on the phone . ''
Moody 's last upgraded the rating in February 1998 .
I.B.M .
I.B.M .
But he said that the manufacturer , which he did not identify in the column , has noted this fact only deep in the accompanying documentation because the company interpreted Microsoft 's licensing provisions to bar non-Microsoft systems from being displayed during the start-up sequence .
Microsoft 's slip , coming on the heels of a third-quarter earnings report by Novell that was better than expected , has buoyed Mr. Major 's belief that the company has found a new lease on life and a new identity .
Mr. Luethke could not be reached for comment yesterday , but on Tuesday denied that he was paid by Morgan Stanley to inform on Mr. Curry .
Lockheed Martin officials admit that the average price per plane , when all costs are included , is $ 172 million -- not far from the $ 180 million and $ 200 million figure cited by Congress .
Apple , based in Cupertino , Calif. , plans to make the Tiger software available at retail stores on Friday , April 29 .
The Allstate Corporation , a client of Computer Associates , and Mary Welch , a former Computer Associates employee , said yesterday that they had received subpoenas to testify or provide documents to the grand jury .
Motorola announces plans for shedding 7,000 more jobs and quashes hopes on Wall Street that it is about to return to profitability ( M )
For the foreseeable future , though , Verizon Wireless will remain the company 's most profitable division .
Boston Scientific 's shares , which closed trading yesterday down 15 cents at $ 14.80 , have fallen nearly 40 percent this year .
A crooning William Shatner has proved such a marketing success for Priceline.com that the company , an online travel service , has decided to reunite him with his former starship mate , Leonard Nimoy , for a commercial .
Because businesses buy more sophisticated software than consumers , ''on average , Microsoft earns 2.5 to 3 times more per machine '' when selling to a corporate customer than when making an individual sale , Mr. Sherlund said .
Servers were ''hauled all over the planet to use them as visual icons , '' said Lauren Flaherty , vice president for intergrated marketing at the I.B.M .
The House Appropriations Committee voted on Wednesday to block a border-security contract worth up to $ 10 billion between the Homeland Security Department and Accenture because the company is based outside the United States .
Earlier , shares of Apple closed up 6.25 cents , at $ 17.6875 , in Nasdaq trading .
Pfizer declined to make Mr. Kindler available for comment last night .
The same bundling of browser and operating system is a central feature of Microsoft 's latest version of Windows -- Windows 98 -- which goes on sale Thursday , and it is one of the core complaints of the Justice Department and 20 states in their current suit against Microsoft .
Much of Mr. Semel 's focus since joining Yahoo two years ago has been to diversify its revenue into fee-based services like premium e-mail accounts and personal ads .
Now that the board has ousted Home Depot 's chairman and chief executive , Robert L. Nardelli , shareholders are expecting big changes at the home improvement retailing giant .
was on notice more than three years ago that Microsoft intended to make Windows 95 itself a vehicle for accessing information on the Internet . ''
Intel Corp , after three quarters of results that disappointed investors , posts fourth-quarter earnings that exceed Wall Street 's expectations because of strong demand for personal computers and a shift toward higher-performance chips with better profit margins ; Intel reports net income of $ 2.11 billion for quarter , or 61 cents a diluted share , up 2 percent from $ 2.06 billion , or 59 cents a share , in period year earlier ; revenue rises 8 percent , to $ 8.21 billion from $ 7.61 billion ( S )
Shares of Halliburton rose $ 1.10 , to $ 43.21 , yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange .
AOL , Microsoft , Yahoo and EarthLink filed seven lawsuits in four states under the federal antispam law , which aims at stopping billions of unsolicited electronic messages , many with false headings that mislead consumers or seek to sell products that do not exist .
The agreement between Aetna and the doctors requires Judge Moreno 's approval , but those involved in the negotiations said they expected no objections .
Craig Moffett , who covers the cable industry for Sanford C. Bernstein , an investment research firm , called that target a ''question mark '' because it was several percentage points below recent growth rates at two Comcast rivals , Time Warner Cable and Cablevision , which have moved into the Internet phone business more quickly than Comcast has .
ChevronTexaco argues that there is little reason to doubt its performance .
She gravitates to Wal-Mart because of the store 's layaway plan , which requires 10 percent down and grants 60 days to pay the rest before the purchases can be taken home .
Despite a 3.6 percent decline in worldwide sales and a drop in operating income , investors viewed McDonald 's report as a sign of improvement .
Robert Ratliffe , a spokesman for AT & T Wireless in Kirkland , Wash. , said that the company wanted `` a single agency with offices in key cities where we are currently doing business or where we will be doing business in the near future . ''
Medtronic said yesterday that Endeavor IV , which compares the clinical results from the stent with those of patients who received the Taxus stent made by Boston Scientific , will finish enrolling patients next year .
Last Friday , Vonage endured a roller coaster day in court when a federal judge in Alexandria , Va. , barred the company from signing up new customers , citing a jury decision in early March that found Vonage in violation of three Verizon patents .
At the same time , shareholders of Exxon Mobil , the world 's biggest oil company , meeting in Dallas , gave a similar level of support to several resolutions on environmental issues .
Microsoft has also written miniature versions of its word processing , spreadsheet and Web browser software for the new machines .
The Ketchum Public Relations Worldwide unit of Omnicom Group in New York has formed a worldwide practice specializing in public relations for technology companies , after acquiring two agencies in that field .
Database Demand Gives Oracle 16 % Profit Rise
Because Procter & Gamble , which makes Tide , Pampers and Crest , has repeatedly warned Wall Street over the last year to scale back its expectations for the company 's performance , some analysts questioned whether it might have overemphasized the impact of the Turkish currency crisis , hoping to mask more deep-seated problems .
CHEVRONTEXACO AND EXXON MOBIL IN WEST AFRICA OIL DEAL
The company faces weeks of being portrayed as a predator in a highly publicized trial , which could badly tarnish Microsoft 's reputation even if it wins .
In a conference call with securities analysts , Michael W. Brown , Microsoft 's chief financial officer , said the company expected the third quarter to be roughly comparable , with growth slowing in the fourth , as Office 97 upgrades near saturation and the Windows 95 operating system nears the end of its life cycle .
Despite weakness in the economy , Aetna , which is based in Hartford , and other health insurers have been able to raise rates in the high double digits .
Comsat International Holdings , an investor group based in Washington , is expected to announce this week that it has completed the acquisition of telecommunications assets in several Latin American countries from Lockheed Martin .
Now , Wal-Mart Stores is moving into groceries in Canada , and Loblaw has lost its way .
The other factor that limited revenue growth was a loss in basic cable subscribers in the Comcast systems .
Larry Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive , said last week that Oracle would stop selling PeopleSoft applications once the deal was complete , though it would continue to support and service PeopleSoft 's customers and offer them free upgrades to comparable Oracle software .
Cisco 's shares rose $ 1.50 , to $ 84.625 , in Nasdaq trading .
The deal ends a long partnership between I.B.M .
Cisco said it would purchase $ 2 billion in parts like chips from I.B.M .
When it was acquired by I.B.M .
The stock was trading at about $ 32 before I.B.M .
Despite its long-term optimism , Microsoft expects the current year to be one of lower growth of 5 percent or so .
Advanced Micro Devices introduces its long-awaited chip for ultralight portable computers , called Turion 64 , which company hopes will help it compete with Intel 's widely successful Centrino mobile chip ( S )
This year , as the airline industry 's worst downturn drags on , Boeing is laying off 5,000 workers -- on top of 30,000 already dismissed since the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The biotechnology company Celgene said yesterday that its cancer drug Revlimid had performed better than expected in two clinical trials , proving so effective that the studies were being stopped early so that all patients could be offered the drug .
In a sense , I.B.M .
The reversal and Ms. Tassler 's reaction were in response to a campaign that led to thousands of pounds of roasted nuts being sent to CBS executives by viewers of the show .
The Boeing Company is undoubtedly celebrating its victory this week over its rival , the Lockheed Martin Corporation , snatching a multibillion-dollar contract to build a new generation of submarine-chasing aircraft , a role Lockheed has held for more than 40 years .
He has nudged out several of Mr. Nardelli 's hand-picked deputies , eliminated perks like a free executive lunch and reached out to Home Depot 's revered founders , Arthur Blank and Bernard Marcus .
In recent years Procter has been selling off brands with limited growth potential , including Clearasil , White Cloud paper products and Spic and Span .
''What I.B.M .
In late September , William C. Weldon , chief executive of Johnson & Johnson , met privately with James M. Cornelius , the nonexecutive chairman of Guidant , and suggested that they renegotiate the transaction at a much lower price , according to people briefed on the meeting .
Yahoo shares are up 45 percent this year and up nearly sixfold from their 52-week low of $ 16.62 .
Several analysts had estimated that Comcast would have to spend $ 5.2 billion this year , but the company said it was estimating capital spending of just $ 4 billion .
Nike said yesterday that its overall earnings for the most recent quarter climbed 23 percent , better than expected , on solid demand for high-end running and basketball shoes in the United States .
Coca-Cola Settles Whistle-Blower Suit for $ 540,000
''This theft , '' the suit states , ''appears to be an essential -- and illegal -- part of SAP 's competitive strategy against Oracle . ''
It will require Time Warner to offer customers in large markets at least three independent Internet companies from which to choose .
They say that there have been concerns within the bank about Mr. Thomson 's use of Citigroup corporate jets , including at least one occasion when he used the jet to ferry Maria Bartiromo , a correspondent for CNBC , to an event in Asia .
There is remote chance that Microsoft Corp could be broken up ; US Appeals Court left some room in its order that lower court reconsider remedy for finding that Microsoft had abused its monopoly power in software business ; resolution will depend largely on next judge ( M )
Frontier 's shares closed at $ 50.50 yesterday , up $ 5.875 , on the New York Stock Exchange .
In addition , Merck repeatedly failed to meet its financial projections to Wall Street and lost a crucial patent lawsuit over Fosamax , its osteoporosis treatment .
And China , which negotiated a trade deal with President Bill Clinton , is now Caterpillar 's fifth-largest export market .
In the last five years , he said , Microsoft has released two versions of the Windows Tablet PC software intended for pen-based notebook computers , and four versions of Windows Media Center .
''Some people think we 're in some post-PC era , but we 're not , and this issue really matters , '' said John Doerr , a partner in Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , a leading venture firm that has backed both Internet start-ups aligned with Microsoft and leading Microsoft rivals like Sun Microsystems and America Online .
Airbus , facing a growing chorus of doubts from customers , is expected to radically redesign its midsize plane , the A350 , in a move that could give Boeing the upper hand in a critical segment of the commercial aircraft market .
During a Christmas party , fellow Morgan Stanley employees pressed Mr. Curry to wear an ''Afro wig '' and a pair of ''big lips '' in order to poke fun at a black superior , the suit said .
The company chairman , Michael J. Kowalski , says that Tiffany has not lost ground to its newer competitors , though it is a subject , he admits , that he and other store executives have thought a lot about .
Under that model , Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola will probably spend more to try to stimulate demand for their brands .
Although Procter & Gamble has realized savings from its two-year-old restructuring efforts for some time , yesterday 's core earnings -- profit calculated without including restructuring charges -- exceeded Wall Street 's forecasts and topped the company 's estimates .
''When we are looking to integrate with Microsoft , we have to consider how good their interfaces are , '' said Julie Farris , founder of Scalix , a Silicon Valley-based messaging company based on open-source software .
Rogers & Hardin also represents Citigroup in other customer cases involving WorldCom .
So far , just one of the sporting goods companies served by GSI -- Sports ''R '' Us -- has a link on Amazon .
Coca-Cola has won a patent for a machine that adds a frosty layer of ice to cans and cups of soft drinks .
Wendy Close , who wrote the report for a group of 19 analysts , said Oracle was unwilling or unable to furnish customers to interview who were using the programs in production .
Big , Blue and Out of Breath : I.B.M .
Citigroup 's earnings benefited from continued strength in its consumer business , where operating income rose 26 percent , to $ 2.4 billion .
But analysts say that AOL Time Warner and other media behemoths like Viacom , Disney and the News Corporation , will be better able to weather a storm than smaller companies .
Much of Yahoo 's traffic still comes from the original purpose : helping people search for all sorts of things on the Web .
If the panel supports the draft case against Intel , the investigating team will propose that Ms. Kroes issue a statement of objections to the company for the first time in the five years it has spent investigating Intel .
Apple itself has provided few details of its new service , but people in the music industry and analysts said users would be charged 99 cents to download individual songs drawn from the catalogs of the big record labels .
Although Microsoft always manages to lower Wall Street 's expectations so that it can then exceed them , its performance in its second fiscal quarter was by any measure extraordinary .
As at other high-flying tech companies that have become healthy if stolid middle-aged entities , Microsoft 's old stock option plan had become culturally divisive , separating employees hired in the gold rush years from more recent hires .
Microsoft responds in a court memorandum that the Government challenge amounts to a willful misreading of the consent decree -- and an assault ''aimed squarely at preventing Microsoft from including improved features and functionality in upgraded versions of Windows 95 . ''
The contradiction between Mr. Gates 's deposition and his E-mail , though , does not of itself speak to the issue of whether Microsoft made an illegal offer to Netscape .
Cisco would have been willing to share the trademark , he said , if Apple had agreed to its terms , which involved a commitment to interoperability on Apple 's part and an agreement to differentiate the two products in the market .
But Johnson & Johnson disclosed yesterday in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it had been aware of its rival 's interest .
The 12-minute video , featuring cameos from Fox personalities including Bill O'Reilly and with a Fox News anchor , Shepard Smith , as host featured a mock trial at the Hague for Mr. Siskind 's ''crimes against civility . ''
He no longer brags to reporters that ''Microsoft is scared to death of us . ''
It also requires AOL Time Warner to make available two other rival Internet services within 90 days of the time it begins marketing its own high-speed service .
''By 1998 , '' Mr. Lessig writes , ''it had become apparent to all that Linux was an important competitor to the Microsoft operating system . ''
Audible Inc , company that makes audio versions of books and magazines available over Internet , gets $ 2 million investment from German media giant Bertelsmann and $ 4 million from private equity firm Apax Partners ; Bertelsmann agrees to help market Audible globally ; Apax , as part of deal , buys about third of company 's outstanding shares , preferred stock owned by Microsoft , which has retained about 1.9 million common shares ( M )
They include a contest asking consumers to provide endings for MasterCard commercials and a humorous promotion centered on the theme of golf obsession , which began this week .
''Motorola is an especially challenged company in a challenging environment , '' said Brian Modoff , an analyst at Deutsche Banc Alex .
Last month , Apple put an Intel chip into the iMac ; on Tuesday , it put one into the Mac Mini .
The Justice Department would not comment on its investigation of Microsoft .
''If American Express had envisioned a Big Bang theory , Citibank and MBNA would have been part of the Big Bang theory , '' said John Grund , a partner at a credit card consulting firm , First Annapolis .
''And the combination of Retek and Oracle would certainly put us in an extremely strong position to exploit a market that is underpenetrated . ''
The AT & T Corporation and the Unisource Corporation said yesterday they would combine most of their European activities into one telecommunications and multimedia business .
Starcom will handle the accounts of Procter 's fabric care , home care , health care and beauty care businesses .
Procter & Gamble , which acquired the German cosmetics company Wella earlier this year , would like to add Nivea to its stable of brands .
Annual revenues have risen to $ 3.2 million , from $ 700,000 , but under the TIF agreement , Best Buy gets to keep the difference for 25 years .
Procter enters the deal hoping to capitalize on Coke 's vast distribution network , while Coke intends to add Procter 's nutritional supplements to its drinks .
Yahoo had 274 million visitors in the last month of the quarter , up from 232 million a year earlier .
Investors initially responded favorably yesterday , but selling later in the day drove Medtronic down 15 cents , closing at $ 56 a share .
ET CETERA -- Marriott Hotels and Renaissance Hotels are rolling out lobby computer stations to allow guests to check in for flights and print out their boarding passes .
For instance , Granite Systems , a company started by Andreas Bechtolshiem , founder of Sun Microsystems , and which Cisco paid $ 220 million in stock to buy , has not turned out to be a blockbuster .
Jerry Yang , Yahoo 's co-founder , said the deal reflected the company 's commitment to pursuing growth abroad .
Oldsmobile division of General Motors Corp plans to announce that its general manager , Karen Francis , has resigned ( M )
Molson , a 218-year-old company based in Montreal , bought into Kaiser after a worldwide search for an investment that would help it break out of its relatively small and slow-growing home market , where its brands have a share of almost 44 percent .
Allstate was the first property insurer to report third-quarter results .
Ross Anderson , leading European computer security and privacy advocate , attacks Trusted Computing Platform Alliance , which was formed in 1999 by Compaq Computer , Hewlett-Packard , IBM , Intel and Microsoft to create standard to protect software and digital content ; argues that potential exists for technology to be used to create new form of censorship based on ability to track and identify electronic information ; warns that widespread adoption of standard from alliance could put alliance members in position to thwart competition by controlling who gets to use standard and on what computer platforms ; says TCPA standard could emerge into competitor for so-called smart cards , used for authentication , which are now basis of a significant European industry ( M )
''We all at Citigroup are looking forward to the new year , '' Mr. Weill said in a conference call with analysts yesterday .
The company 's critics take a more cynical view , contending that just as Nike pays Michael Jordan to sell its basketball shoes , Mr. Young has been hired to promote Nike 's image .
Strong reports from the two companies , as well as the strength of reports by other shopping sites like Amazon and eBay , suggested a continuing shift toward the more focused online commerce and away from traditional advertising and commerce .
Volkswagen agrees to pay $ 100 million to General Motors to settle acccusations of stealing trade secrets ; also agrees to buy at least $ 1 billion worth of auto parts from GM over next seven years ; companies will drop civil suits against each other ; Volkswagen does not admit wrongdoing but acknowledges possible 'illegal activities ' by executives who defected from GM ; Jose Ignacio Lopez de Arriortua , central figure in case , faces criminal charges in Germany ; feud began when he left GM for Volkswagen in 1993 , spurning promotion offer and allegedly taking thousands of pages of company documents filled with trade secrets ; GM 's US racketeering suit also named Volkswagen , chief executive Ferdinand Piech and board member Jens Neumann ; three executives Lopez brought with him were also indicted in Germany ( M )
THE MEDIA BUSINESS : ADVERTISING Correction : October 25 , 2002 , Friday The Advertising column in Business Day yesterday , about the sponsorship of a concert and prayer tour by the Chevrolet division of General Motors , misstated the name of a performer taking part .
and Honeywell would have made U.T.C .
Like tens of thousands of other Verizon Communications employees , Mr. Doucette had gone on strike at the country 's largest local telephone company .
Omnicom Group in New York is making another acquisition by agreeing to buy the Designory Inc. in Long Beach , Calif. , a design company with clients that include Mercedes-Benz and Nissan .
Among the steps that Mr. Sernovitz suggested Citigroup should consider were ''a ceremony inviting people to say goodbye to Shea '' and ''taking the old sign on tour , bringing it to Times Square '' and other public gathering places .
Microsoft Beats Earnings Expectations , but Revenue Growth Slows
Pet owners are enrolling dogs in medical trials meant to benefits humans and animals alike ; most of trials , often sponsored by drug companies or medical device makers , involve pets with cancer , leading natural cause of death in older dogs , and animals are getting groundbreaking treatments eventually intended for people ; Pfizer has introduced human cancer drug that was tested in pet dogs and IDM Pharma has filed for federal approval for its drug ; National Cancer Consortium sets up consortium of more than dozen veterinary teaching hospitals to conduct tests and scientists are setting up nonprofit group to study DNA and tumor samples from pet dogs , to pinpoint genetic links ; dog owners welcome extended lives for their pets ; photos of Basil , golden retriever treated for bone cancer ( M )
They would also be a sizable meal , even for a behemoth like Bank of America , which has a market value of $ 174 billion .
Corey Rosen , executive director of the National Center for Employee Ownership , based in Oakland , Calif. , praised Microsoft for continuing to offer stock to employees .
Microsoft has also eliminated support for Netscape-style plug-ins like QuickTime , which lets you watch certain movies on Web pages .
Responding to rumors of an imminent deal that have circulated here for weeks , Mr. Park and Micron 's chairman , Steve Appleton , issued a joint statement today saying their companies were ''evaluating a broad array of strategic options . ''
Converse was the big basketball shoe then ; that company eventually went bankrupt and was acquired by Nike .
Sun officials said the dispute was strictly over the terms of a contract Microsoft had signed .
But so far , Microsoft has been giving away the server software , too , relying on its vast wealth to wage a war of attrition .
Study conducted by comScore , research firm that monitors Web pages , finds little reaction by Web users to Yahoo 's abrupt change in its marketing policy in March ; finds in four weeks from March 25 to April 21 , nearly one million Internet users in US looked at Yahoo 's new privacy policy ; figure represents 1 percent of Internet users in US and was up sharply from preceding four weeks ; shows slightly more people , 1.1 million , visited page Yahoo set up where users could 'opt out ' by telling site not to send e-mail or other messages ; comScore projects only 73,000 users considered ending their relationship with Yahoo by visiting page that actually cancels their Yahoo accounts ( M )
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Northrop Grumman 's stock slumped $ 2.50 , or 2.9 percent , to $ 84.50 a share .
If Microsoft forced upon the world one browser , that would be really simple . ''
Mr. Lesar has lamented Halliburton 's prominence as a target for critics of the Bush administration 's handling of the war in Iraq , and he repeated some of those concerns on Thursday .
Whether Microsoft can use its dominance in personal computing to give it the upper hand in the Internet era , industry executives say , will be an important policy issue for years .
''This is a calculated risk on Microsoft 's part , '' said Herbert J. Hovenkamp , an antitrust expert at the University of Iowa .
Microsoft is introducing new line of wireless keyboards and optical mice , which permit side scrolling of Web pages ; photos ( M )
Nike Identifies Plants Abroad Making Goods For Universities
Microsoft 's opponents accuse the company of a public relations campaign to create the impression that it is making every effort to find a solution , said Ed Black , president of the Computer and Communications Industry Association .
Delta Air Lines said only 2 of its 67 Boeing 737 's were affected .
Adobe Photoshop Elements is a variation of Photoshop CS2 , Adobe 's $ 650 flagship program , that offers its most important features for the bargain price of $ 100 in the Windows version or $ 80 for Mac users .
Users who type in the address of Virgin 's Web site are now taken to an Amazon site , where they can buy the same range of music , videos and books available on Amazon 's main site , but with entertainment news , gossip and other information from Virgin 's staff .
's businesses , the News Corporation subsidiaries are very large .
Interpublic said it had reached a tentative agreement with an outside candidate to succeed Mr. Thompson , but could not announce his arrival until the second half of July , because of his ''current professional situation . ''
Insurers are paying claims made by companies that were damaged or destroyed on Sept 11 , or forced to close when they found themselves behind police barricades ; monetary damages from attacks are expected to run to more than $ 40 billion , great majority of that suffered by business ; insurance adjustors aim to get to customers fast , assess damage and administer infusions of cash ; Geoffrey R Montreuil , claims adjustor for Hartford , unit of Hartford Financial Services Group , comments ; graph ; photos ( M )
The deal that the Coast Guard pulled out of Wednesday , involving a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman , is to develop a 120- to 160-foot ''fast-response cutter , '' which is to be armed with .50-caliber machine guns , travel at 28 knots or more and be suitable for tasks ranging from patrols of fishing lanes to military operations .
At that time , Best Buy struck a deal to package additional material , like photographs and archival interviews with the band members , with each CD .
I.B.M .
That is the design approach he has mandated for Apple 's OS X operating system .
Scott McNealy , Sun 's chairman , likes to refer to the Windows operating system as a ''big hairball , '' and his company has egged the government on in its antitrust pursuit of Microsoft .
Apple Earnings Again Exceed Expectations
The News Corporation would end up controlling 34 percent of Hughes , while the General Motors Pension Trust , which is separate from G.M. , would continue to own 21 percent and the public would own the remaining 45 percent .
If Verizon decides to raise its offer for the remaining shares of MCI , its proxy ballot could be amended without much difficulty .
Frustrated by a bruising , and so far unsuccessful battle to open its first discount store in the nation 's largest city , Wal-Mart 's chief executive said yesterday , ''I do n't care if we are ever here . ''
He has the programming gene , vital to command respect in Microsoft 's programmers ' culture .
Boeing says , however , that increased outsourcing and the more efficient moving assembly lines will enable it to pick up the pace without risking some of the problems it had in 1997 and 1998 .
News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch says British Sky Broadcasting , pay-TV company in which News Corp owns 40 percent stake , is in talks to buy 25 percent stake in Premiere World , German pay-TV company controlled by Kirch Group ( S )
EBay , the giant auction site that competes with Yahoo , has experienced similar public pressure .
the Linux code to which SCO claims it has rights and where I.B.M .
Today , Microsoft 's legal team sought to frame these episodes as part of rough-and-tumble capitalism .
One person who had been briefed by Viacom executives said the studio did not want to renew the contract for a production deal that had been reported to cost as much as $ 10 million a year .
Bidding for entertainment assets of Vivendi Universal narrows to two companies when Vivendi 's board , after meeting in Paris , declares that it will continue talks with General Electric 's NBC division and investor group led by previous owner Edgar Bronfman Jr , whose family controlled Universal entertainment empire ; NBC is offering partnership in combined NBC-Universal entertainment conglomerate , without giving Vivendi much cash ; Bronfman 's group would buy majority stake in Vivendi 's entertainment assets , for which company is said to be seeking about $ 14 billion ; chart ; photo ( M )
''In fact , the hotel was losing money in some periods when it was shown as earning a profit by Marriott International , '' the affidavit said .
IT will apparently take an act of God for the Procter & Gamble Company to kill persistent tales that its trademark and its executives are linked to Satanism .
The moves helped restore Kodak 's share of the domestic film market to 70 percent , back from 67 percent in 1997 , but ''the pricing pressures pretty much offset any gains they got from cost-cutting , '' Mr. Henderson said .
Today , casual games are found on major Internet portals like Yahoo , the MSN Zone of Microsoft and America Online , as well as special game sites like Pogo.com and RealArcade ( www.realarcade.com ) .
Lawyer for former General Electric chief executive John F Welch , one four subjects of Christopher Byron 's book Testosterone Inc : Tales of CEOs Gone Wild , has complained that model pictured above executives on cover bears too much of resemblance to Suzy Wetlaufer , for whom Welch left his wife ; also questions book 's veracity ; Welch comments , phone interview ; photo ( M )
EBay is quick to say yes .
Mr. Dowd , who comes from Morgan Stanley , will be based in San Francisco .
Starbucks reportedly plans to begin selling CD From the Ground Up , first major-label release by all-female quintet Antigone Rising ; album , live acoustic performance recorded specifically for Starbucks , will be played in Starbucks shops and through wi-fi network and be promoted on XM satellite radio channel ( M )
Several Internet shopping sites have removed information about post-Thanksgiving sales after major retailers including Wal-Mart and Target threatened legal action under a digital copyright law .
Microsoft 's main rival in the browser market is the Netscape Communications Corporation .
Advanced Micro has far less market muscle and financial resources than Intel in trying to build industry support for its 64-bit technology .
''I ca n't believe that our government thinks that they can impose a socialistic union on us , '' said another Wal-Mart employee , Twyla St. Louis .
Microsoft 's exclusionary restrictions forbid , among other things , any changes by an OEM that would remove from the PC any part of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer software ( or any other Microsoft-dictated software ) or that would add to the PC a competing browser ( or other competing software ) in any more prominent or visible way ( including by highlighting as part of the start-up sequence or by more prominent placement on the desktop screen ) than the way Microsoft requires Internet Explorer to be presented .
That will help lift the industry , and add an extra $ 1.6 billion to Microsoft 's revenue next year , Richard Sherlund , an analyst at Goldman Sachs , estimated .
The decision was a setback for the Justice Department and for Federal District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson , who issued the order last year requiring Microsoft to offer its Windows operating system software separate from its software for navigating the World Wide Web .
Edward J. Zander , who joined Motorola as chief executive a year and a half ago , after a career in Silicon Valley , says the cellphone business reminds him of the computer industry 20 years ago , unsettled and up for grabs .
And though the main goal of the strikes was to protect job security , the results might end up causing some unionized employers -- perhaps even General Motors -- to accelerate plans to move jobs to other countries with more pliant workers and less obstinate unions .
Chambers acknowledged that 46 percent of the children of Wal-Mart 's 1.33 million United States employees were uninsured or on Medicaid .
Not too many $ 72 billion companies see their stock prices rise more than 50 percent and fall 30 percent in a single year , but I.B.M. , the world 's largest computer company , has ridden that roller coaster nearly twice in 12 months .
The court asked Microsoft to give computer manufacturers the option of removing all of Internet Explorer from the latest version of the Windows 95 operating system .
For all the grousing , very few Silicon Alley entrepreneurs have declined to propose projects to Microsoft .
Officially , Boeing was present in the huge Continental hangar to give the New York news media a look at its newest long-haul plane , the 777-200LR , which will enter commercial service next year .
Citigroup yesterday reported a 3.6 percent rise in first-quarter earnings as strong revenue from investment banking and operations overseas offset weak consumer results in the United States .
Priceline targets the bargain hunter .
Apple declined to talk about Ms. Feiss , except to say that she is a teenager , that she is not an actress and that the company preferred to discuss the message of the ads and not how they were made or the people in them .
Clue : Microsoft does not send software via e-mail messages .
''We wo n't compromise on product quality , and we needed just a few more weeks , '' James Allchin , co-president of Microsoft 's Windows division , said in a conference call with analysts and journalists .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York , continuing a buying spree , agreed yesterday to purchase the four marketing service businesses and name of the Marketing Corporation of America in Westport , Conn .
P & O Princess Cruises rejects request from Carnival Corp for meeting to discuss antitrust issues relating to Carnival 's hostile bid for P & O Princess ( S )
Intel Prototype May Herald a New Age of Processing
In November , Mr. Welland says that Citigroup interviewed him about the contract but spent a large part of the session asking him about his personal life and his dating habits .
He will leave Apple at the end of the month .
Time Warner and Disney Agree to End Dispute About Cable
After that stock buyback is completed , Liberty will own 8 percent of the 991 million shares outstanding , including voting and nonvoting stock , in the News Corporation -- a stake second only to the roughly 31 percent held by the Murdoch family .
But the court dismissed a central accusation by the government that Microsoft had attempted to monopolize the market for Internet browser software .
As for the reviews , Mr. Tucci said the Gap is not as thin-skinned as it appears .
Mobil Corp chairman Lucio A Noto had powerful financial incentives to agree to sell company to Exxon Corp ; Noto , slated to be Exxon vice chairman , could get at least $ 6 million to leave , could harvest stock options sooner and would be able to sell some of $ 58 million or so of his Mobil wealth ( M )
The American Express Company said yesterday that Kenneth I. Chenault would succeed Harvey Golub as chief executive in 2001 .
Antoine Winkler , a partner here in the law firm of Cleary , Gottlieb , Steen & Hamilton , which represents Real Networks , a Microsoft rival , said that a temporary injunction ''is meaningless regarding the substance of the actual appeal . ''
For the fourth quarter , Comcast posted a net loss of $ 51 million , or 3 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 321 million , or 34 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
State-controlled Chinese oil company makes $ 18.5 billion unsolicited bid for Unocal , signaling first big takeover battle by Chinese company for American corporation ; bid by China National Offshore Oil Corp ( CNOOC ) comes two months after Unocal agreed to be sold to Chevron for $ 16.4 billion ; it is expected to incite potentially costly bidding war ; China is eager to have its own energy resources ; its bid for Unocal is likely to provoke fierce debate in Washington about nation 's trade policies with China and role of two governments in growing trend of deal making between companies in countries ; recent efforts by Chinese to acquire other American companies recalled ; deal making and bidding wars involve Chinese companies taking on American multinationals and being advised by Western lawyers and investment bankers , many of whom are betting hundreds of millions of dollars on China 's rise ; CNOOC 's bid faces uphill battle ; photo ( M )
In the first half of this year , according to IC Insights , a market research firm , Motorola fell out of the ranks of the top 10 semiconductor manufacturers for the first time since it opened a chip plant in 1959 .
And we 've dealt with one of the most reputable guys in this field , who swears up and down he bought them from Tiffany . ''
Two Omnicom Group agencies , Merkley Newman Harty and Consumer Healthworks , both in New York , have merged .
Hasbro could do even better in coming quarters because it has the license to make toys connected with ''The Phantom Menace , '' the new Star Wars movie , which opens next month .
Comcast plans to introduce Exercise TV , video-on-demand channel that will include advertising embedded in programming ; most cable companies give on-demand programming free to customers if they have digital set-top box , but customers can fast-forward through ads ; products and logo wouldld be inserted in and around programs ( M )
After an investigation , Nike confirmed that the plant had asked workers to do cleaning and maintenance on those days .
's Unix license and about Linux in an apparent attempt to create fear , uncertainty and doubt among I.B.M .
Although tens of millions of more affluent Americans shop at Wal-Mart each week , they tend to buy mostly lower-margin packaged goods like toothpaste , pet food and detergent .
Kellogg Co agrees to take back any Spider-Man toy that was included as promotion in boxes of its cereals ; was pressured by New York State because toy uses environmentally harmful mercury battery ; photo ( S )
Forcing the chiefs of Morgan Stanley and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to sit in a stifling federal courtroom in lower Manhattan for three hours yesterday was not enough to bring about a settlement in a long-running sex-discrimination lawsuit against the investment firm .
Cadwell Davis continues to handle Johnson & Johnson brands including the O.B .
The report 's author , Steven Harris , an IDC analyst , writes that Microsoft is not touting the plan as new but more as ''a refinement of existing strategy . ''
Verette Richardson , a former Wal-Mart cashier in Kansas City , Mo. , said it was sometimes so hard to get a break that some cashiers urinated on themselves .
''If Beijing says they like Washington today , they buy Boeing , '' said Peter Drolet , an analyst at UOB Kay Hian in Hong Kong .
Interviewed by phone in Manhattan , Mr. Wolf said he came up with the idea earlier this year , when he visited eBay 's headquarters in San Jose , Calif. , for a television special on the history of shopping .
voted 5 to 0 yesterday to end requirements that AT & T , as a `` dominant '' carrier , publicly disclose any price changes in its residential business at least a month in advance .
Coca-Cola Co will remake Fruitopia 's advertising as part of ambitious efforts to increase sales of noncarbonated beverages ; Coca-Cola will increase ad budget to estimated $ 15 million to $ 20 million ; revamped campaign was developed by Leo Burnett Co ; photo ( L )
As my employer 's computers became less scarce , my I.B.M .
executive , Richard H. Brown , later became a Home Depot director as well .
Michael Miron , who has managed the group at Xerox , will become co-chairman and chief executive of ContentGuard .
Its stock market valuation of about $ 56 billion makes it the equal of the Goldman Sachs Group and Credit Suisse and considerably smaller than Citigroup and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
Smith , a former chairman of Marsh & McLennan and the chairman of Putnam Investment , Marsh 's mutual fund unit .
Intel expects that the current investigation will come to a similar conclusion . ''
After working out many of the settlement details , Dow Corning and the committee representing the women jointly filed the reorganization plan in United States Bankruptcy Court in Bay City , Mich .
Motorola said that such integrated chip sets would contain roughly half the 200 to 300 separate components in today 's phones , in less than two-thirds the space , Mr. Burgess said .
For Macintosh users the choice is easy , as Microsoft has no plans for a version of Money for Macs .
meanwhile , generates three newsmagazine shows a week , including ''60 Minutes , '' ''60 Minutes II '' and ''48 Hours , '' that do not depend on guild writers .
It would not restrict the company 's product designs , allowing Microsoft to fold software into its Windows operating system for potentially huge new markets , including online shopping , personal identification and downloading music and movies over the Internet .
AT & T and what is now AOL Time Warner have been wrangling for years over how much AT & T should be paid for its stake .
AMAZON MOVES INTO JAPAN .
If today 's deal is made final , News Corporation , Italy 's Cecchi Gori media group , and four Italian soccer teams will obtain the broadcast rights to games of the four teams for a six-year period .
The first part of the verdict in the Microsoft trial is due out soon , perhaps as soon as Friday .
Verizon Communications sues Vonage , accusing it of violating at least seven patents for technology that allows voice calls to be delivered over Internet ; suit does not ask court to halt Vonage 's operations immediately but does ask court to do so if matter is resolved in Verizon 's favor ( M )
The unit has been very successful , capturing nearly half the carbonated soft drink market from Pepsico , which had India mostly to itself before 1993 .
A spokesman for Intel said that the agreement reached this month was preliminary and would be completed in October if there were no appeals .
The current I.B.M .
About two months ago , Madonna met with Richard D. Parsons , chairman and chief executive of Time Warner , at his office in Rockefeller Center in Manhattan to discuss the matter , but they failed to resolve the differences .
Fortis AG , one of biggest insurance and banking companies in Europe , says it will buy American Bankers Insurance Group , Miami insurer that was object of bidding war by Cendant and American International Group last year , for $ 2.6 billion plus assumption of nearly $ 200 million in debt ; Fortis to combine American Bankers with its American Security Group , giving new entity overwhelmingly dominant market share of 30 percent in business of selling insurance that pays off credit card balances and loans ; photo of Fortis co-chairman Maurice Lippens and Herman Verwilst , executive board member ; photo ( M )
The agreement , which also calls for Daewoo to rehire 300 workers who were laid off last year , removes a major stumbling block to concluding an agreement between General Motors and Daewoo 's creditors , led by the government-owned Korea Development Bank .
That emerging ad market is of great interest to Microsoft for its MSN Web sites , as it is for Google , which recently began testing services like individually customized Google home pages and software that stores the Web pages a user visits most often , for faster display .
The SBC service is , however , twice as fast as Verizon 's new service .
True , Fortune magazine 's cover story about I.B.M .
Dow Corning narrows review on new worldwide corporate image advertising account ( S )
Procter & Gamble 's response underscored a delicate balance that has existed on ''Imus in the Morning '' for years .
At an ordinary filling station about a mile east of the Capitol that has the usual selection of regular , premium and diesel at the pumps and chewing gum and soda next to the cash register , Shell Oil and General Motors are offering hydrogen .
The French government , determined to create a national champion in pharmaceuticals , all but stage-managed the deal , which created the world 's third-largest drug company , after Pfizer of the United States and GlaxoSmithKline of Britain .
The difference between software applications and media properties is so fundamental that many people believe Microsoft can not be successful in interactive media until it puts someone in charge of the division who knows and understands both media and creative vision .
For all his optimism about Worldgate 's prospects , Mr. Krisbergh said that Mr. Gates remained a daunting rival , given Microsoft 's formidable marketing and technology skills .
It has found that negative opinion about Microsoft has increased measurably among the 900 people who serve as a panel of respondents surveyed by Techtel each quarter .
But the list has a different mission from Yahoo 's ''Most '' pages , he said .
Whole Foods , based in Austin , Tex. , has announced plans to open in Manhattan 's Union Square , which is seen by some food analysts as a shot over the bow at Dean & DeLuca , which is not far away in SoHo .
Mr. Kowalskie also told co-workers that he had received ''a tip from a reliable source '' that I.B.M .
The Ford Motor Company said that it and its affiliate Mazda Motor would invest 21 billion baht ( $ 533 million ) in their Thai manufacturing joint venture , AutoAlliance Thailand , to expand its production capacity to 200,000 units annually from 135,000 .
But Pepsi -- a division of PepsiCo , based in Purchase , N.Y. -- is one of the few United States companies that can contrast its marketing approach today with the way it marketed products during World War II .
General Electric issued a statement saying it had cooperated fully with the S.E.C .
Expense cuts helped increase results for Citigroup 's global consumer businesses , with earnings before nonrecurring charges up 26 percent .
Technology Briefing | Software : Microsoft Alters Licensing Program
In its earnings report yesterday , Aon said its third-quarter revenue edged up to $ 1.79 billion from $ 1.77 billion in the quarter a year earlier .
The new contracts will allow consumers to choose a different Web browser , including the industry leader and Microsoft 's biggest competitor , the Netscape Communication Corporation 's Navigator .
The Verizon assignment is likely to lead to additional hiring at Lowe Lintas , said Rob Quish , president of the agency 's New York office .
Citigroup did not name a new president to replace Mr. Dimon , and Mr. Weill said there would not be a horse race between Mr. Menezes and Mr. Carpenter to fill that position .
( Outlook is distinct from Outlook Express , a free e-mail program included with Windows and available as a free download from Microsoft 's Web site , www.microsoft.com , for Mac OS 9 systems . )
''All the Time Warner shareholders would like to see the stock price go up , '' he said .
The court thus entered radical and unwarranted permanent injunctive relief in these actions without granting Microsoft leave to conduct discovery and without making findings of fact or creating an evidentiary record on the issue of remedies .
A section of its Web site devoted to Linux resources is at www.ibm.com/linux .
''We believe the key to the story is IPG 's ability to return to growth , and initiatives like this give us confidence it is making progress , '' Ms. Schwartz , a research analyst at Credit Suisse , wrote in a report yesterday , referring to Interpublic by its stock ticker symbol .
I.B.M .
People in Amazon.com 's new apparel department can use Amazon 's shopping tools , like customer reviews , at dozens of retailers , but Amazon reluctantly agreed to disable reviews for Gap in order to get Gap to validate Amazon 's apparel efforts ; photo ( M )
''Show me the money , '' appeared on an internal Merck document near Dr. Altman 's name .
Editorial says names of J P Morgan Chase and Citigroup can be added to dishonor roll of accountants and lazy regulators who helped Enron perpetuate its gigantic and costly fraud on American public ; says given their irresponsible behavior , they should be last to recover money Enron owes them
Mr. Sturm 's arbitration was the largest customer case ever brought against Citigroup , his lawyers said .
Pfizer , which sells Zyrtec , declined to comment yesterday .
Viacom said yesterday that it had acquired Xfire , a Silicon Valley company that makes an instant message system used by video game players , continuing its quest to build Internet businesses focused on young people .
She said Aetna 's plans were ''heavily dependent '' on getting premiums that covered rising medical costs , ''which has proved elusive to both Aetna and others in this business . ''
( Microsoft might argue that more copies of its Access database are sitting on the world 's hard drives ; after all , for years , Access came with every copy of Microsoft Office .
Mike Sullivan , an Intel spokesman , acknowledged that there was no perfect way to keep the number hidden , but insisted that the company was acting prudently to work with the industry to build stronger defenses against tampering .
In addition , a lucrative $ 20 billion deal to supply aerial refueling tankers to the Air Force collapsed amid charges that Boeing had gotten too cozy with Air Force officials .
Even more surprising , Cisco 's growth has actually accelerated over the last two years .
The future of mousing , at least to Microsoft and Logitech , is an all-electronic gadget known as the optical mouse .
The Los Alamos scientists said they would also try to find ways to safely and efficiently handle hazardous gases and explosives that might be used by Chevron to break down kerogen , the fossilized material in shale that can be converted into oil .
That service is also produced by I.B.M .
''The parties to the transactions are all witnesses for the Government in this case , and the fact that they are working cooperatively against Microsoft in the area of Web browsing software goes to the very heart of the Government 's claims , '' Microsoft said in its motion .
VeriSign sued Icann in federal court , charging it with illegally restraining competition .
United States District Judge Janet C. Hall refused to issue an order in the suit brought by Bristol , which claims to be a victim of anticompetitive practices by Microsoft .
She and her husband , Sanford I. Weill , the chairman of Citigroup , have given heavily to Carnegie Hall , where Mr. Weill is chairman of the board .
Several people at Apple , who spoke on condition that they not be identified , said that Mr. Nassi had disagreed about corporate direction with Apple 's new managment team , which is headed by Gilbert F. Amelio , the former chairman of the National Semiconductor Corporation .
* David J. Scholes , president and chief executive at the New York office of Rapp Collins Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , was named president and chief executive at two agencies also owned by Omnicom , Targetbase and TBi , Dallas .
Wal-Mart is not just big .
So while I.B.M .
Michael Legg , who follows Priceline for Jefferies & Company , said last-minute booking would benefit consumers , but he predicted that it would not mean much for the company ''from the profitability perspective . ''
Apple Computer posts sharp decline in profit in its third quarter , but says sales rose as it expanded its reach into laptops and music players ; net income fell 41 percent , to $ 19 million , down from $ 32 million year earlier ; revenue rose 8 percent , to $ 1.55 billion , highest in 11 quarters ; Apple shipped 770,000 Macintoshes in quarter , decline from comparable quarter last year but increase over 711,000 units company sold in second quarter ; chief financial officer Fred Anderson and chief executive Steven P Jobs comment ( M )
Johnson & Johnson 's lawsuit says that the winning bid and side deals would never have been struck if Guidant had not allowed Abbott to review proprietary information about the units that it later bought .
Verizon executives vow to prevent such backlogs if there is a new strike .
There was speculation that Microsoft , based in Redmond , Wash. , was testing the European Commission 's patience , but the company insisted that was not the case .
But Thursday morning , as she sweated through a workout on an elliptical machine at the downtown Y.M.C.A. , she gestured toward the small screen in front of her -- it displayed Katie Couric on the ''Today '' show -- and made a pledge : Come fall , when Ms. Couric jumps from ''Today '' to the ''CBS Evening News , '' Ms. Viele plans to jump with her .
For if any ''synergies '' are to pay off , analysts say , Time Warner will need to deliver cash flow -- or operating income -- that increases by 13 percent or more a year .
Today , Intel 's Itanium processor is in a similar position to the old RISC chips : the computing market has been trained by Intel to prefer high- volume and low-cost chips , which are capable of competing with higher- performance devices by being clustered in arrays of cheap processors .
''Providers will be upset to the extent that they will get paid less and to the extent that they have more patients on Aetna requiring more of them in terms of processing claims . ''
Mr. Jacobson 's proposal , developed with Ms. Floyd in 1989 and only now being tested in Cisco routers , uses a kind of virtual penalty box .
Although the Intel-Real Networks deal does not include an Intel investment , both companies are calling it ''strategic . ''
Community banks as well as larger ones have joined Wal-Mart 's more usual detractors among unions , small merchants and community activists to oppose the bank .
Dennie M Welsh , IBM executive who built company 's computer services into second-largest and fastest-growing business line , says he will take leave of absence for medical reasons ; departure sets in motion series of job changes that puts number of younger executives into more prominent roles ; Welsh will be replaced by Samuel J Palmisano ; job of overseeing personal computer business will go to David M Thomas ( L )
The company , called Appairent Technologies , will be financed by Kodak and the Monroe Fund , a venture capital unit of the Trillium Group , based in Rochester .
The F-16 fighter jet , made by Lockheed Martin almost exclusively for export , draws parts from dozens of countries .
''We have been restructuring and making dramatic changes , but we thought it was necessary to find a strong business partner like Wal-Mart . ''
Now Mr. Sagawa thinks Cisco investors might be in for a stretch of slow performance .
Cendant Corp is expected to announce its acquisition of American Bankers Insurance Group Inc for $ 3.1 billion in cash and stock , ending 8-week-long bidding war with American International Group ; analysts raise concerns that Cendant is paying too much -- nearly four times book value ; Henry R Silverman , chief executive of Cendant , says he is confident he can make money immediately with American Bankers ; American International will receive $ 100 million from American Bankers and $ 10 million from Cendant as compensation for breakup of its deal with American Bankers ; regulators are expected to bless deal after Cendant assures there will be no reduction in American Bankers ' work force of 1,700 employees ( M )
The Exxon Mobil Corporation is conducting a review for the combined account of what the company calls its fuels marketing portfolio , which includes service stations and convenience stores .
Immediate effects of plan to merge Morgan Stanley Group Inc and Dean Witter , Discover & Co will be minimal for New York City because there is little overlap in the businesses ; industry experts say that because lines of business are so different , the amount of job duplication is not expected to be large ; Morgan Stanley , which has about 5,800 employees in New York City , specializes in institutional work and investment banking , while Dean Witter , with about 5,000 employees , has pursued a niche in retail investment services and credit cards ; but combination also raises uncertainty about whether future mergers , with perhaps less desirable consequences for the city , could result ( L )
Jill E. Barad , Mattel 's chairman and chief executive , said in announcing the company 's results yesterday that ''unexpected cutbacks by retailers and our further adjustment to a just-in-time shipping pattern negatively impacted our results . ''
( Starbucks helped produce the Ray Charles album ''Genius Loves Company '' and promoted the CD heavily in its coffee shops ; it went on to sell more than five million copies . )
In the short term , the two giants will offer low-cost software that will allow Wal-Mart customers to gain access to the Web through a joint Web site .
Verizon , the nation 's largest telecommunications provider , will sell two Avaya products , including one that relies on Internet-based technology .
Morgan Stanley said it disagreed with the court but had not decided what to do next .
The deal involves a combination of taxable and tax-free events around the world , and Goodyear 's lawyers are ''working to see how to best minimize the tax implications for shareholders , '' a spokeswoman said .
Similar software is already offered by Apple Computer and Yahoo .
''I think Kodak is coming back , '' said Ulysses Yannas , an analyst with Mercer , Bokert , Buckman & Reid .
Five years after shutting its automotive assembly plant on the Hudson River here , the General Motors Corporation today announced its selection of a development partner for a project that would include housing , shops , office space and a hotel conference center .
But while Motorola , Procter & Gamble and other companies insist that the dispute need not damage commercial ties with China , a few are starting to acknowledge that it is far from business as usual .
In the consent decree filed in Federal District Court for the Western District of Arkansas in Fort Smith , Wal-Mart , as it often does , denied any liability for the accusations in the lawsuit .
Still , the X-Box program is new terrain for Microsoft .
Correction of Oct 8 article on sale of Fresh Meadows complex in Queens , which misstated name of one of purchasers ; it is Federal Realty Investment Trust , not Federated ( S )
The News Corporation disputes that contention and says that any price increases will have to be passed on to DirecTV as well , making higher programming prices less attractive .
BellSouth officials were particularly nervous that investors would perceive that they were paying too much for AT & T , the executives said , echoing an assertion that investors had made about the 40 percent premium Bank of America paid for FleetBoston .
Its share price fell sharply in late 1997 as it admitted financial problems and changed its top management , and it was later acquired by USA Waste Services , which kept the Waste Management name .
Although both AT & T and I.B.M .
So , at least for now , it seems that Grand Union , D'Agostino 's , Pathmark and Gristedes will not have to fret that Kroger or Wal-Mart might edge in on their turf .
Those so-called flash players hog 29 percent of the music-player market , practically waving their little plastic buttons in Apple 's face and singing , ''Nyah , nyah , you ca n't catch us ! ''
The Z-fold , promoting the new Tommy Girl scent from the designer Tommy Hilfiger and the Aramis unit of the Estee Lauder Companies , is appearing in the October issues of Elle , Premiere and Swing ; the November-December issue of Top Model , and the December issue of George .
Apple Joins In a Recall Of Batteries
Still , Mr. Kavetas 's death is sending strong emotional ripples through Kodak 's top echelons .
Microsoft 's quarterly report included one notable weak spot .
Northern Trust was named in the lawsuits .
Many of these large companies with products to sell to small businesses rely primarily on resellers , like Innovative Computing ( which handles I.B.M .
The entrance of Mr. Sullivan 's office into the fray could be unwelcome news for Johnson & Johnson .
As a separate entity , analysts said , the unit becomes an appealing takeover target for technology giants like I.B.M .
The Justice Department , Microsoft says , has overstated the advantage the company enjoys because the main desktop screen that users see when they turn on their machines is Microsoft 's Windows .
As Google 's share of all searches has grown steadily over the last year , Yahoo 's has remained largely flat .
''Instead of having all the hassle of putting things out in the environment that you have to maintain and that people can vandalize , you get a cheap PC , shove it in the back room of your shop and just put posters out front , '' said Richard Sharp , an Intel researcher here .
As part of its marketing effort , Boeing has brought in two multirole combat F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft , a Chinook helicopter and the C-17 transport aircraft to show potential buyers .
But its biggest problem , he said , has been that shift of the bulk of the retail music business to stores like Circuit City , Best Buy , Target and Wal-Mart .
provisions actually offer to AOL Time Warner 's competitors seems to vary from business sector to business sector .
EBay Expected to End Fees for Third-Party Developers
Even though luxury hotels tend to look down their noses at frequent-guest incentives , Marriott is using its leverage as controlling owner of the Ritz-Carlton chain to bring eight Ritzes into the program .
They said that Mr. Fink 's blend of trading and asset management expertise , combined with his status as a sitting chief executive , would make him an ideal candidate for Morgan Stanley , which remains riven by factions and has struggled to integrate its banking , fund management and retail units .
Intel said it planned to shrink its spending on new plants and equipment in 2003 , a sign that it does not expect demand for chips to hit new highs soon .
Bank of America , which has its own investment bankers , did not retain outside advisers .
Stockbrokers say problem is not that too many people are selling stock , it is that nobody wants to buy in light of corporate scandals ; say clients are becoming more distrustful of , and more concerned about , fairness of market ; Legg Mason financial adviser Jim Hartman , and Prudential Securities senior vice president Charles Andriole comment ( M )
Under a contract with the state , Fleet Bank operates a center for processing state tax returns in one part of the complex , while I.B.M .
The commercials no longer use the theme ''Do you Yahoo ? ''
EBay earned $ 248.3 million , or 17 cents a share , down 3 percent from $ 256.3 million , or 19 cents , in the period a year earlier .
On the eve of a courtroom confrontation with the Justice Department , the Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that it would give personal computer makers an option on the first screen they present to computer users .
''Obviously it was a good quarter for us , '' Ken Cohen , the vice president for public affairs at Exxon , told reporters during a conference call .
The House Energy and Commerce Committee has expanded its investigation of the troubled $ 2.25 billion E-Rate program , calling on more than a dozen companies , including I.B.M. , to turn over documents related to their involvement in the program .
Analysts expected Apple to earn 90 cents a share , according to First Call .
That reluctance has grown as state governments from New York to Texas have voted to allow AT & T and other long-distance carriers into local phone markets .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission earlier this year , Tribune said it would need waivers to continue to operate both newspapers and television stations in those cities if the new F.C.C .
But now eBay 's membership includes a segment of people with a different mind-set .
I.B.M .
Computer industry anxiously awaits Apple Computer chairman Steven P Jobs 's keynote speech at Macworld conference , San Francisco ; he reportedly will introduce Macintosh that costs less than $ 500 , despite longstanding insistence that Apple 's software and industrial design command premium ; drawing ( M )
Citigroup was ordered to stop accepting new business after Sept. 29 at the four branches in Japan where it offered private banking services and to shut those branches completely by next October .
''It comes with the territory , '' said Greg Shaw , a Microsoft spokesman .
Officially , Microsoft described the meeting as ''part of an ongoing dialogue between the company and the European Commission . ''
Newell Rubbermaid , whose products include Calphalon cookware and Rubbermaid containers , said yesterday that it would cut 5,000 jobs and close a third of its 80 manufacturing plants by 2009 to focus on its most profitable and promising items .
Lord Lloyd Webber 's logic may have one big flaw : Time Warner music 's new owners have no plans to sell the music publishing business , said an executive close to Mr. Bronfman 's group .
In fact , last spring , responding to Microsoft 's request that the start of the trial be postponed until January 1999 , Judge Jackson said : ''By the time you propose to be ready , 16 to 18 million horses will already be out of the barn , and that 's too late . ''
In reality , Microsoft has agreed to more than just paying fees , although the settlement is lower than the $ 35 million Sun initially had sought .
Shares of Bank of America fell $ 1.34 on Friday after the bank 's disclosure of the Wells notice .
Mr. Icahn had called for cable to be completely separated from Time Warner 's other businesses , which include the Warner Brothers and New Line film studios , HBO , the Turner Cable networks , Time Inc. publications and AOL .
Meanwhile , researchers at International Business Machines ' research center in Austin , Tex. , took time this week to show me a prototype of their new Power4 processor system , which effectively combines a couple of gigahertz-level processors on a single chip along with a supporting infrastructure that feeds them bits at a rate of 100 gigabytes per second , a monstrous amount of data that I.B.M .
Loose of Corning said he did not except the United States economy to rebound before the end of this year , at the earliest .
's personal copmputer division from 1995 to 1997 , provided further testimony that Microsoft tried to use its market power to prod PC makers to favor Microsoft products over competing programs .
Even though Citigroup did not adjust its 2007 forecasts , Mr .
Even more crucial is the question of how users will react to the continual flow of new features that could add even more complexity to Microsoft 's Windows 95 operating system -- already criticized for having too many functions that are superfluous to most users .
Daniel Schaber , a vice president at Medtronic , said it was unfair to compare defibrillators with consumer products like computers because the market for heart devices was tiny relative to computer sales .
Lawyers for investors who lost money in collapse of Enron say Andrew S Fastow , former chief financial officer , is giving them account of role that banks played in schemes he devised to deceive investors about company 's true financial condition ; depositions could lead to billions of dollars in fresh settlements against banks ; settlements already total $ 7.3 billion , most of it from banks like J P Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Citigroup and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ; seven banks have not settled ; plaintiffs ' lawyers have heretofore had to rely primarily on documents to prove banks played central role in Enron 's false accounting ( M )
Several Wall Street analysts , Mr. Kamman said , had projected that Cisco would not meet its goals and had become vested in seeing the company perform below expectations .
It filed the antitrust case in May 1998 after concluding that Microsoft had violated the terms of an earlier consent decree meant to keep the company from engaging in anticompetitive activity .
In early August , Amgen met with investigators in Chicago and discussed trying a higher dose .
About 17,500 megawatts of the electricity that Entergy generates in the United States is from fossil fuels , and it expects to increase that capacity by 5,000 megawatts over the next five years , mainly by building natural- gas-fired plants .
One person who attended said that two executives there expressed concern that Standard & Poor 's had placed both Disney 's long-term and short-term debt on a credit watch that morning , saying that the rating could be lowered if a stock deal with Comcast was made at the proposed price .
Today Electronic Arts owns more than 20 percent of the United States market for video game software , roughly double the market size of its nearest competitors , said Michael Pachter , an analyst who covers the games industry for Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc .
Mr. Weill , meanwhile , will continue to fly at no charge on Citigroup jets for the next 10 years .
Oracle 's core business , the database market , declined to $ 1.11 billion , from $ 1.25 billion in the period last year .
So Microsoft , which consisted of three people and had sales of $ 16,000 in its first year , 1975 , and now has 36,000 employees and annual sales of $ 20 billion , would cease to exist in its present form .
Sun Microsystems , hoping to lure corporate customers put off by Microsoft 's move to subscription-based pricing system , releases latest version of its business applications software positioned as lower-cost alternative to Microsoft 's Office XP ; is using conventional pricing model , charging customers one-time fee for each user ( M )
New Charles Schwab Corp advertising campaign , created by GSD & M agency , features television and print ads flaunting customers Schwab has enticed away from big Wall Street firms with aid of its previous ad campaign ; photo ( M )
A day after the Liberty Media Corporation , the company controlled by John C. Malone , said it was increasing its voting stake in the News Corporation , investors are still wondering what Mr. Malone is up to .
''A major focus for them is broad-band technology , '' Mona Eraiba , an analyst at Gruntal & Company , said of the prospective Motorola-General Instrument deal .
He becomes president of Lowe Activation , based in London , coordinating work with other Interpublic agencies like Draft , Initiative , R/GA and Weber Shandwick .
The lawsuit , filed in Travis County District Court in Texas , where Whole Foods is based in Austin , contends that Quorn is being deceptively marketed as a product that resembles mushrooms and that customers have no idea it is a potential allergen .
Technology Briefing | Internet : Digital Island Gets Microsoft Assignment
ENTER practically any electronics store and you 're likely to find a digital music player from Apple .
The major credit-rating agencies -- Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings -- are under attack for what lawmakers in Washington say was their collective failure to detect widespread financial fraud at Enron .
Mr. Lombard said that if Starbucks and the band 's label , Lava Records , decide to extend sales to more traditional music retailers , ''both companies will benefit financially , '' though he declined to detail the terms of Starbucks 's stake in the album .
Late in the day , however , a line of argument pursued by a Microsoft lawyer , Michael Lacovara , seemed to strike a chord .
But at Exxon , executives see very little reason to alter a course that has proved exceptionally profitable .
And they will both market an anti-AIDS drug that DuPont will sell as Sustiva in North America and some parts of Europe ; Merck will sell it as Stocrin elsewhere .
Ms. Hopkins said that she did not believe that Boeing 's new approach would make it more risk averse .
The revolving door between the Pentagon and one of its biggest contractors was described in detail on Monday when the former chief financial officer of the Boeing Company pleaded guilty to a felony conflict-of-interest charge .
According to a statement from the F.T.C. , the agreement prohibits Boeing 's launching vehicle division from ''gaining access to nonpublic information that its satellite division receives from competing suppliers that launch Boeing satellites . ''
A tiny white remote control operates Apple TV 's stunning high-definition white-on-black menus , which are enlivened by high-resolution album covers and photos .
''But if Sun can slow down Microsoft 's advances with the software developers , this will prove to be a good strategy . ''
Mr. Jobs , who was able to raise speculation about what he planned to introduce this year to a fever pitch , and who is no stranger to hyperbole , expressed confidence that Apple once again had been successful in differentiating itself from the rest of the computer industry .
Earlier , Microsoft had said that it expected personal computer shipments to rebound somewhat in the last quarter of the year , rising perhaps 5 percent , helped by the introduction of its new Windows XP operating system , which will be introduced next Thursday .
Technology and software for three-dimensional computer displays is bringing virtual reality to the World Wide Web ; Apple Computer , Microsoft , Netscape Communications , IBM and dozens of small design firms and software companies vie to create 3-D Internet worlds ; shift from two-dimension displays reflects greater power processing available on standard desktop computer and the industry agreement on Virtual Reality Modeling Language as the Internet standard ; virtual-reality took off in recreational settings but is now being taken up by electronic shopping malls , real estate industry , businesses , political groups and even professional sports teams ; drawings ; photos ( M )
For Target , the deal will allow it to more sharply focus on its discount chain .
News analysis of proposed acquisition of Netscape Communications Corp by America Online Inc ; nation 's largest on-line service hopes to beat Microsoft Corp in race for dominance of on-line media and electronic commerce ; would acquire leading Internet brand and enlarge its wired audience by absorbing millions who visit Netscape 's popular Net Center site on World Wide Web if $ 4 billion deal is completed ; photo ( M )
He even predicts that Wal-Mart , which sells everything from fresh lettuce to power tools , will produce $ 1 trillion in revenue worldwide by 2015 .
Microsoft Corp will purchase some of assets of Connectix Corp , small maker of so-called virtual machine software ; deal includes company 's flagship product , Virtual PC , which permits Macintosh users to run applications written for Microsoft Windows and Intel-based personal computers ; financial terms undisclosed ( S )
So earlier this year , Mr. Stemberg decided that the very reason Staples.com had been set up as a separate business unit no longer existed .
Dan Schafer , spokesman for Coca-Cola , said the company 's soda and nonsoda sales in schools were about even .
Time Inc. has joined forces with Starbucks , the coffeehouse giant responsible for caffeinating seven million Americans every week .
It also posted the names and addresses of the 41 factories on its Web site ( www.nikebiz.com ) .
The Government has made several allegations against Microsoft , but a central one is that the company used its market power to prod personal computer makers , Internet service suppliers and Internet programmers to enter into ''exclusionary '' contracts that limited the distribution and promotion of Netscape 's rival browsing software .
*The judgment will require Microsoft to submit a ''proposed plan of divestiture '' not later than four months after its entry .
Other deals have involved Dow Jones , NBC , Court TV , Tele-Communications , Time Warner and , notably , American Media , which publishes The National Enquirer .
But Oracle , the leading maker of computer database software , has moved quickly to become No .
Mr. Ernst , who was 59 , died suddenly in May 2001 after taking Vioxx for eight months , and his family is suing Merck , claiming the drug caused his death .
Through Dec. 31 , Procter & Gamble , Dawn 's parent , will give 10 cents of the price of each bottle sold to two wildlife rescue groups , to a maximum of $ 25,000 each .
In addition to fining Microsoft 497 million euros in March , European antitrust regulators ordered the company to sell a second version of its Windows operating system in Europe without the Microsoft Media Player attached .
And being compared with Amazon.com , which competes with Submarino among wealthy Brazilians who often speak English , can be a double-edged sword , said Mr. Tavares , who found out recently that he was in the same graduating class at M.I.T .
The McDonald 's restaurant chain has announced Wi-Fi service tests in New York City with Cometa -- a venture involving Intel , I.B.M. , A. T. & T .
Sheila Benson , a former film critic for The Los Angeles Times who writes reviews for Cinemania , a Microsoft Web site devoted to movies , bemoans the shortening of many of the reviews , which have been folded into the data base of Sidewalk , as a way to give users of the city guides a quick reference to films that may be playing at local theaters .
Arguing that the ruling contained factual and legal errors , Mr. Boutrous said Wal-Mart would ask the three-judge panel to reconsider the case and would also ask a full panel of 15 Ninth Circuit judges to consider it .
Rumors began flying that AT & T and MCI were hoarding `` 800 '' numbers , fearing the confusion that is expected early next year until consumers get used to the `` 888 '' prefix and businesses update the software in their automated switchboards to recognize the new prefix .
Procter & Gamble signs a multimillion-dollar agreement with a leading black voice in radio .
The problems suffered by Interpublic have ranged from a meltdown in its share price and a reduction in its credit ratings to an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission and a shake-up in the executive suite .
Back to the Fold for a Former Microsoft Employee
Its software must work smoothly with I.B.M .
Another reason for suspicions about Boeing was that the 737 production line had to shut down for a month last year because factories , in Renton , Wash. , and Wichita , Kan. , were overwhelmed with work and could not train new workers or get parts shipments fast enough .
Thanks to price increases on service contracts and strong sales of color and superfast machines , Xerox 's sales in North America rose for the first time in six quarters .
But with accounting regulators moving to require companies to record stock options as an ordinary business expense , Microsoft may also regard this move as a way to stay a step ahead of outside pressure to alter its compensation methods .
The International Paper Company said yesterday that it would sell $ 1 billion in assets and cut 9,000 jobs , or more than 10 percent of its work force , as it seeks to improve profitability in an increasingly competitive industry .
Boeing 's earnings for the year totaled $ 1.10 billion , or $ 3.19 a share , 179 percent above the $ 393 million , or $ 1.15 a share , in 1995 .
Last week , Microsoft asked the Court of First Instance for a suspension of the order as it appeals the commission 's antitrust ruling in March .
Introduction of this group , which includes industry giants like General Electric , DuPont and Alcoa , is aimed at adding to the recent impetus for Congressional action on emissions controls and the creation of a market in which allowances to emit carbon dioxide could be traded in a way that achieves the greatest reduction at the lowest cost .
There 's nothing worse than getting a hard fact stuck in the Royal portable ( or IBM Selectric ) when you 're trying to pound out truths .
COUNTERS : Other companies offer eBay merchants additional tools like counters , which keep sellers apprised of how many bidders have viewed their items .
Other magazine companies , including the Hearst Corporation , now say they are studying the Heinz report to consider the implications for their magazines , and Rupert Murdoch recently announced that the News Corporation is developing a plan to become entirely carbon neutral , meaning the company will reduce its carbon emissions and try to offset the emissions left over .
Its winning formula is simple : Skechers makes lower-priced versions of popular shoes like the latest high-performance Nikes and dressy loafers by Kenneth Cole .
In the last two weeks , Intuit , the maker of Turbotax , has sent 100,000 letters to registered users of their California state tax software , warning that if they reported business losses or business gains , ''Turbotax California may be incorrectly calculating your California tax credits or California alternative minimum tax . ''
Though other major banks and financial institutions have more at stake with Enron , the energy trading firm that filed for bankruptcy protection last month , Northern Trust is one of the first to announce a major write-off .
The design of the new iMac clearly left some Apple loyalists scratching their heads .
A lawsuit brought by Scott A. Wiese , a former sales representative , accused Medtronic of trying to persuade surgeons to use its products with offers of first-class plane tickets to Hawaii and nights at the finest hotels .
The computer services giant Electronic Data Services announced yesterday that it had won a $ 1.5 billion contract extension from Xerox .
The Wal-Mart Bank would not accept normal deposits or lend money .
Mr. Isdell , 54 , who has long been considered a leading candidate to become president of Coca-Cola , becomes the chief executive of the new European bottler , to be called Coca-Cola Beverages and based in Vienna .
Since the trial began in October , the Justice Department and 19 states suing the company have portrayed Microsoft as a bullying monopolist .
Monsanto 's shares traded above $ 38 in June 2001 .
For their part , the clone makers said Apple 's apprehensions about the impact of clones were misplaced .
Now Mr. Malone is positioning himself to play a greater role at News Corporation by increasing his voting interest to about 9 percent , making him the second-largest shareholder after the Murdoch family , which has 30 percent of the vote .
''I could never come out in public and ask the Vietnamese government not to have people work fewer hours , '' said Chris Helzer , Nike 's director of government affairs .
referred to Medtronic Sofamor Danek , the largest competitor in the spinal device market .
Oracle said the rebate program could force it to withdraw its offer .
Apple 's foray into a digital music service comes at a time when combining music and the Internet has been a struggle .
''If we 'd known all this from the beginning , '' he said , ''we 'd never have gone to work for I.B.M .
The theme of the new campaign -- ''Coca-Cola .
Apple refused to comment , but Mr. Rasiej said the festival 's budget was about $ 450,000 , ''and we like to see about half our budget come from the name sponsor . ''
''The close proximity to our Manhattan headquarters and Pfizer 's solid relationship with Doral Arrowwood made this a natural choice , '' said Bob Lanting , a vice president of training and development with Pfizer .
''Some of the new strategies are very compelling in theory , '' Mr. Blodget said , ''but it remains to be seen if Microsoft can extract as great a percentage of Internet industry profits as it has from the PC industry . ''
Starbucks , a company that has fast become a battle-scarred veteran of Internet rumor wars , was facing an increasingly common problem : the Internet rumor that would not go away .
The government said it wanted to use one of its trial witnesses as a representative at the session , while Microsoft said trial witnesses should be excluded .
Soundtrack sales were handled by Warner Records , a Time Warner subsidiary that was recently sold to an investor group led by Edgar Bronfman .
The costs of building the fiber network shaved 6 cents a share off Verizon 's earnings in the quarter .
Mr. Gonzalez joined Home Depot 's board in 2001 and , as a director on G.E .
to favor Microsoft software and exclude rival offerings -- a central theme in the sweeping antitrust suit against Microsoft brought by the Justice Department and 19 states .
After more than a month of intense negotiations , American International Group is close to a deal to acquire American General , one of the nation 's largest insurers , for $ 23 billion in stock , executives close to the transaction said yesterday .
Microsoft , however , is changing that dynamic .
Hong Kong 's main telephone company , Cable and Wireless HKT , and Asia 's leading satellite-television company , Star TV , say they will form company to deliver entertainment and information sevices to subscribers in Hong Kong and elsewhere in Asia ; joint venture will combine Star TV 's 30 channels , which is controlled by News Corp , with Cable and Wireless HKT 's Internet-access and interactive television services ; partners plan to issue shares in venture and will begin offering service in 2000 ( S )
Last week , a court in Geneva said that it had not seen enough evidence that Motorola was defrauded to warrant freezing Uzan assets in its jurisdiction .
Still , by buying equity , ConocoPhillips would be able to start accruing some of the benefits of having Russian oil assets on its books .
''I think the answer is Dow Jones has been having a hard time and Time Warner has hit some good times . ''
The answer , at least on Microsoft 's home turf , was no .
The ruling is important `` because it puts all carriers on an equal footing , '' said Richard Sinton , a lawyer at A.T. & T. , which had challenged the law .
One possible concern for Altria 's board is the risk that tobacco plaintiffs ' lawyers may try to get an injunction blocking a spinoff of Kraft , arguing that a disposition of the food company 's assets would represent a ''fraudulent conveyance . ''
A sale of Gap would be one of the largest buyouts ever in the retail industry .
On Friday , Michael M. Sears , the former Boeing chief financial officer who negotiated a job contract for Ms. Druyun at Boeing , is scheduled to be sentenced in federal court for his actions .
Bristol-Myers Squibb , buoyed by sales of its cholesterol-reducer Pravachol and its diabetes drug Glucophage , posted a 13 percent gain in net income , to $ 966 million , or 95 cents a share , up from $ 855 million , or 84 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier .
This requirement is important to Microsoft -- and to the Government -- because the desktop can now serve as a gateway to the Internet and to every other service and piece of software available .
Justice Department responds in detail to Microsoft Corp 's criticisms of its plan to break up the computer software giant ; rejects any changes in its proposal , noting that most of the company 's proposed revisions 'would undermine or frustrate the purpose and effectiveness ' of the remedy ; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson has postponed his final ruling to allow two additional filings , including today 's filing by Justice Department ( M )
Microsoft , according to the consensus view around Seattle , is no turn-of-the-century Standard Oil , a Goliath ripe for breakup .
So when American Express approached the Guggenheim about working together , she saw it as a perfect opportunity .
''No one wants to look backward , '' said Ken Kaess , president and chief executive at DDB Worldwide in New York , part of the Omnicom Group , who is the 2001-2002 vice chairman of the association .
Though it is a year away from general availability , it is still at least a year ahead of Microsoft 's next version of Windows , code-named Longhorn .
His departure was prompted by Saatchi & Saatchi 's parent , the Publicis Groupe , which hired him from General Motors , where he had most recently been general manager of the Buick and Pontiac divisions .
( I.B.M .
But there is an important difference : the interactive operations of several Interpublic agencies are also becoming part of Zentropy .
Meanwhile , in Congress , Exxon leads an industry effort to pay royalties owed to the Government in oil rather than in cash -- a proposal the Government strongly opposes .
Mark Burnett , the series producer , said in a telephone interview yesterday that the decision to organize the teams by race was made in group discussions with CBS executives and was in no way intended to promote racial divisiveness .
But according to the latest New York Times/CBS News poll , a majority of Americans do think that Microsoft is a monopoly and that the Justice Department should continue to investigate the company and its business practices .
Time Warner Inc. said yesterday that its movie companies would license the rights to 12 feature films to two of its cable services , continuing a trend in which big media companies are increasing the value of their distribution businesses by putting their own programming on television networks or cable services they own .
For easy backups , I.B.M .
Profile of Dr Adel Elkousy , chief of radiology at Veterans Affairs Hospital in Chilicothe , Ohio , who was passenger aboard Egyptair Boeing 767 , which crashed into Atlantic off Nantucket Island ( S )
Some potential suitors for Hershey Foods appear to be balking at company 's high asking price and controversy surrounding auction ; Cadbury Schweppes has already told Hershey that it will probably not submit offer ; Nestle and Kraft Foods are wavering about whether they can afford to meet Hershey 's asking price , more than $ 11 billion , without significantly diluting their earnings ; some board members of trust that controls Hershey are reconsidering auction ; without lucrative sale price , some board members have begun privately discussing possibly ending auction and buying back stock instead ; Pfizer Inc plans to put its Adams confectionary unit up for sale , hoping to receive bids from many of potential buyers of Hershey ; Adams could bring $ 4 billion or more , so some suitors are considering whether to bid for Hershey now or wait to try to buy Adams ; Pfizer had hoped to begin its auction this summer but decided to wait until after Hershey completes its sale ; photos ( Market Place column ) ( M )
Target 's same-store sales , comparing stores open at least a year , rose 6.2 percent ; Wal-Mart 's rose 2.9 percent for the quarter .
Jordan Benjamin , a spokeswoman at Gap in San Francisco , confirmed a report of the review on Adweek.com .
If one player is breaking the rules , another can click a button to alert an Electronic Arts employee , who may then intervene , suspending or banning the violator .
But Julie Huff , a systems architect at PRC , a division of the military contractor Northrop Grumman , thinks that in this age of information warfare computers should not simply close the portcullis when threatened .
Raytheon has agreed to pay $ 2.95 billion in cash for a division that makes missiles , radar systems , night-vision equipment and electronic warfare gear .
Jason Wolfe , the operator of the MyCoupons.com site , said he did the same after receiving the Wal-Mart letter .
Based on those numbers , the deal , structured as a tax-free swap of 1.875 shares of Allied stock for each share of Honeywell , is valued at $ 14.8 billion -- $ 2 billion more than when the market closed on Friday .
At last year 's annual meeting , Home Depot shareholders withheld at least 30 percent of their votes from 10 of the 11 directors up for re-election , including Mr. Nardelli .
The American International Group , one of the world 's largest insurance companies , said yesterday that it had received two new subpoenas from state and federal investigators .
Microsoft on Monday withdrew from a United Nations software standards group for commerce , citing ''business reasons . ''
Boeing should have reported the problem within 24 hours of discovering it , according to the F.A.A .
Then , after spending tens of millions of dollars advertising Discover Direct , the firm renamed the online-trading operation Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Online .
The Microsoft Corporation asked a federal appeals court today to forbid nine organizations and individuals who support the government antitrust suit against the company , including America Online , to file court briefs in the case .
Mr. Kreindler said he did not believe that Honeywell was responsible for Mr. Brown 's death .
The $ 100 price drop , to be announced at Sony 's investors ' conference in Japan , is sure to send shivers down the backs of Microsoft and Nintendo .
To music executives , the Apple service is the most serious effort yet toward overcoming the digital rights mess that has plagued the music industry ever since the arrival of the now-defunct Napster file-swapping service in 1999 .
Indeed , in a related case , a Federal appeals court ruled last June that Microsoft had the right to bundle its browser with Windows , warning of ''the undesirability of having courts oversee product design . ''
Boeing said it would not be stealing Airbus customers , largely because it is struggling just to clear the backlog of orders it already has .
The next year the Justice Department formally charged Microsoft with violating the consent agreement by tying sales of Windows to installation of the company 's Web browser on new computers .
David J. Greenlaw , chief United States fixed-income economist at Morgan Stanley , said in a note to clients that the new data ''bodes well for future economic growth . ''
''They are small , and the market prefers the big players like Yahoo and America Online . ''
I.B.M. , which is based in Armonk , N.Y. , said it spent about $ 1.6 billion on share repurchases in the fourth quarter , reducing the average number of shares outstanding in the quarter to 919.8 million , down 4.6 percent compared with 964.8 million during the period a year earlier .
Trying to deliver high-speed Internet links without wires , Cisco Systems Inc. and Motorola Inc. plan to announce today that they have agreed to acquire a subsidiary of the Robert Bosch Corporation of Germany that is developing advanced wireless technology .
Since charge card balances must be paid in full at the end of each month -- unlike credit cards -- American Express customers are less likely to run up unpaid bills .
generates billions in cash flow , so it would be immaterial , '' A. M. Sacconaghi Jr. , who covers the company for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company and rates I.B.M .
We built our system on Microsoft Windows because Windows is a reliable , solid , reasonably priced , nearly universal platform -- and for the software future , ''universal '' is nonnegotiable .
Barring a stay , Microsoft has 90 days to set up a compliance committee on its board .
But Mark Murray , a Microsoft spokesman , said , ''We have made a serious and substantive proposal that addresses the areas of concern identified by the Government . ''
EBay has not only decided to keep its headquarters in San Jose , Calif , but will also purchase 32-acre campus from software developer Novell on opposite side of town ; photo ( M )
Under a deal announced today , Rogers and AT & T would pick up the 48 percent stake in Unitel owned by Canadian Pacific Ltd. , which wants to focus on its core businesses of transportation and energy .
Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee voiced deep skepticism today about the Bush administration 's proposed settlement of the antitrust case against Microsoft , as the company denounced the list of tougher penalties being sought by nine states as ''radical and punitive . ''
Microsoft 's changes to Java are also the subject of a private contract suit in California in which a Federal judge two weeks ago ordered Microsoft to make its version of Java compatible with Sun 's version within 90 days .
On Dec. 11 , Judge Jackson issued a preliminary decision ordering Microsoft to change its marketing practices .
Even Xerox 's staunchest supporters say that the loss of the insurance deal will have short-term costs .
A person briefed on Apple 's plans said that at its software developer conference this month , Apple intends to announce that it will make it possible for developers of small programs written for the Macintosh to easily convert them to run on the iPhone .
Microsoft 's Web services technology is tailored for Windows .
To sell the television services that it believes will really help it win back customers , Verizon needs to win a franchise from the city similar to what Cablevision and Time Warner Cable now have , and similar to what Verizon already has in towns like Massapequa Park on Long Island and Nyack in Rockland County .
Last spring , Boeing formally asked that the Pentagon buy 60 more planes at a cost of about $ 150 million each .
Monsanto could resume selling soybean seeds , he said , if the government ensured renewed enforcement of the law , guaranteeing ''a fair return '' for seed producers .
Cisco ''is as close to a bellwether as we have , '' said Giri Devulapally , vice president of T. Rowe Price , a Maryland mutual fund company that owns more than 28 million Cisco shares .
''We offer links to Plaxo from our Web site , '' a product manager for Microsoft Outlook , Simon Marks , said .
Morgan Stanley executives said that the impetus for consolidating the securities business lay in the blurring in recent years of the the distinction between debt and equity departments on Wall Street , with the increasing use of derivatives and other hybrid securities .
In Mr. Reinemund 's five years at the helm , PepsiCo 's revenue increased by more than $ 9 billion , to $ 33 billion last year .
Mattel Inc. posted bleak third-quarter financial results yesterday , reporting a 42 percent earnings drop caused by a huge loss at a software company it spent $ 3.8 billion to acquire only five months ago .
The Starbucks Coffee Company in Seattle named Organic in San Francisco as the first agency to handle its interactive account .
''In light of Oracle having chosen to characterize this off-the-record conference , we feel compelled to simply note that we believe that Oracle 's comment does not accurately reflect what occurred , '' PeopleSoft said Monday .
In Microsoft 's corporate directory , temps have an ''A -- '' before their E-mail addresses to designate them as agency employees .
The I.B.M .
While a person close to the transaction said Apple would assume the remaining 13 years , that figure was not provided or confirmed by David Glassman , a Restoration official .
Microsoft did not become the leading supplier of operating systems by acquiring its rivals .
HALLIBURTON MAY NEED TO RENEGOTIATE ASBESTOS DEAL
Latin America 's larg-est Coca-Cola bottler , Coca-Cola Femsa , said that a stronger peso more than doubled its third-quarter profit while sales held steady at $ 1 billion .
And they will benefit from DuPont 's deep pockets .
''It is not as significant as it first seems , in our opinion , '' said Joseph Agnese , an analyst at Standard & Poor 's , who expressed surprise at investors ' reaction to the Wal-Mart announcement , which sent shares of its competitors CVS and Walgreen down sharply yesterday .
Consequently , over the next several years , it will be very difficult to determine the legacy of Microsoft 's antitrust conflicts , because so many other forces will also be shaping the company and the industry .
Companies like Apple Computer exemplified both sides of the thinking .
Mr. Johnson said that he had a 6:30 A.M. meeting with local Xerox executives in which he was briefed before the announcement was made .
A Wall Street analyst , Mark Constant of Lehman Brothers , downgraded Morgan Stanley 's shares to underweight , the lowest possible rating , saying that the spinoff , combined with the possibility that Mr. Purcell might survive the current mutiny , was negative for the stock price .
Labor Department files three lawsuits against Boeing Co , accusing it of blocking investigation of charges of discrimination against black employees ( M )
Wall Street analysts said the announcement today suggested that Motorola and others continued to believe that Iridium could be revived .
Kodak earned just 33 cents a share in the third quarter , a 77 percent drop from the comparable quarter a year earlier .
Robert L Nardelli 's $ 210 million exit package from Home Depot highlights expensive 'pay-for-failure ' golden handshakes executives tend to receive after being pressured to leave companies ; amounts seem unaffected by poor performance ; incentives to attract high-profile talent undermines shareholder value and do little to improve business ; recent exit packages of prominent executives are shown ; photos ( M )
Today , the diversified multiagency holding company structure that Interpublic pioneered is the standard , with agency companies like the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group , said Michael Beebe , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Company .
Monsanto recently sent representatives to Denison , Iowa , to persuade farmers to grow special kind of soybean that produces valuable alternative to frying oil laden with trans fat as some restaurants and even city of New York swearing off trans fat ; company and its local soybean processor offered farmers extra 35 cents per bushel to grow special soybeans , instead of regular ones , and seemingly unlimited demand ; special soybeans contain less fatty linolenic acid than other soybeans ; some like offer , but others are not so sure , given extra work involved and allure of planting high-priced corn instead to feed ethanol boom ; Monsanto and its competitors have not been able to create new varieties of trans-fat-free soybeans fast enough to meet demand for more varied uses ; graphs ; photos ( L )
ARE Gap Inc. 's new Web sites good enough to make up for the fact that the company turned away thousands of customers and millions of dollars in business while it got them up and running over the last two weeks ?
''There 's value to cross-promotion , '' he said , ''and we 're not privy to how those Microsoft deals went down .
Still , the news was not positive for Chrysler , a unit of DaimlerChrysler , or for the Ford Motor Company .
Of the new stocks , only Wal-Mart , the largest retailer but , in recent years , a lackluster performer , has not been a market star .
''This news perfectly supported the bullish case on Yahoo , '' Mr. Benjamin said .
Advertising executives said that Coca-Cola could have a hard time creating a popular site even in the new mobile world .
Union members are expected to be able to complete the installation process in about a day , instead of the two days it can sometimes take when Verizon uses nonunion contractors to perform some of the tasks of each installation .
In May , Procter & Gamble signed a $ 300 million one-year advertising contract with CBS 's corporate parent , Viacom .
The entry also misstated which office of the Bozell Group , now owned by Interpublic , handles the account of the National Fluid Milk Processor Promotion Board .
At the same time , Kodak 's huge investment in digital photography has failed to pay off .
In their letter to Chevron , department officials did not say the underlying facts had changed .
AT & T previously owned 60 percent of Cingular , and BellSouth owned 40 percent .
While representatives of Exxon and Mobil did not return calls yesterday about their pricing structure for dealers , Mr. Barbuto said all he had heard about Exxon was that it charges gasoline dealers more in rent than Mobil does .
In numerous public comments , he has warned that the creation of an aerospace goliath would endanger competition in Europe , especially for Airbus Industrie , the European aircraft consortium based in Paris that competes with Boeing and McDonnell Douglas .
At a news conference announcing the merger , executives from Coors and Molson emphasized that the merger should reduce the combined company 's costs by $ 175 million annually over the next two and a half years .
The company , which does business as Excite @ Home , said it was still renegotiating a range of terms with Cox and Comcast .
The foundation plans to announce a set of initiatives , including a unified desktop user interface and a set of productivity programs intended to compete as a free alternative to Microsoft Office .
Besides helping the services business , the I.B.M .
Electronic Arts says that this would undermine creative expression .
As negotiations continued , executives said , Disney also raised concerns that a merged AOL Time Warner would have too much power in the coming age of interactive television , in which consumers will be offered more channels and the opportunity to purchase goods through their television sets .
The premium version , Microsoft Office Accounting Professional 2007 , will be available in stores early next year for an estimated retail price of $ 149 .
Chevron fell $ 3.75 to close at $ 90 .
Intel Says Strong Chip Demand Is Causing Supplies to Be Tight
If Johnson & Johnson 's shares trade between $ 85.71 and $ 104.76 , as expected , Centocor 's shareholders will receive $ 61 in Johnson & Johnson stock for each of their shares .
Stephen G Goetz , California small businessman , contends in lawsuit that American Express stole his idea for tagline of company 's 'My life .
Part of the blame lies with Citigroup , which receives a monthly fee from the state for each welfare recipient .
The chairman of AT & T Comcast will be AT & T 's current chairman and chief executive , C. Michael Armstrong .
The agency had ordered Chevron to pay $ 6 million in additional royalties but could have sought tens of millions more had it prevailed .
Outside of questions on the rate of plane production , people in the industry are asking whether the two big manufacturers are reacting quickly enough to the growing challenge from Embraer , the Brazilian jet maker , which now has a product that can compete with the smallest planes made by Airbus and Boeing .
Perhaps the brightest spot in Apple 's sales picture was the strong performance of its chain of retail stores .
And the law has served its narrow purpose quite well , protecting American Airlines from competition at its home , Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport .
Sales increases in the beverage divisions also helped to lift PepsiCo 's performance in the quarter .
Micron and Hynix have settled on $ 4 billion as the basic price for the Hynix plants , according to Yonhap , the semiofficial South Korean news agency .
Bank of America 's settlement uses the same formula computed by Citigroup in its deal , even though Bank of America 's securities unit was just one of many banks that helped sell WorldCom 's bonds to the public .
Apple has already opened 31 retail stores around the United States and plans on opening another 19 before the end of the year , including stores in Lower Manhattan on Wednesday and Garden City , N.Y. , on Saturday .
The warning by the WorldCom Group last week that its revenue would be lower than previously projected continued to reverberate through markets yesterday as two ratings agencies -- Moody 's Investors Service and Fitch -- cut their ratings on WorldCom 's senior unsecured debt to near junk levels .
CVS , in effort to counter rival Express Scripts , raises its bid for Caremark Rx for second time , to $ 25.7 billion ; offer comes just hours before Delaware judge makes ruling that will force Caremark to postpone its shareholder vote on CVS deal ( M )
Under the deal , the price per share for Sofamor will be adjusted if Medtronic shares trade below $ 56.97 or above $ 69.63 in the 15 days before Sofamor Danek shareholders meet to vote on the acquisition .
Peg Cheirrett , president of the Wasser Group , which supplies temps to Microsoft , said using temps in a volatile industry was humane because they had no false expectations .
Before Intel 's results were released , its shares fell 71 cents , to close at $ 20.90 , after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to neutral from buy .
Apple Computer 's new Power Mac G5 desktop computers use 64-bit microprocessor , significant step beyond 32-bit processor on current Apple machines and most Windows-based PC 's ; impact will initially be felt by professionals who are working at limits of existing PC 's , but soon new chips will affect everyday computer users , for whom new generation of media machines should offer remarkable improvements in audio and visual effects ; Advanced Micro Devices plans to introduce 64-bit processor , Athlon 64 FX ; Intel introduced 64-bit Itanium chip in 2001 , but unlike Apple 's and Advanced Micro 's , it is not processor to which users of lesser chips can easily switch ( M )
Microsoft chief executive Steven Ballmer formally opens new campus near Hyderabad , its second-largest campus , and announces significant expansion of its software development operations in India ; says company will not reduce job opportunites at US operations ; campus thus far has just one building , with capacity for 1,600 workers ; photo ( M )
For example , they note that one of Google 's growth areas , Web-based software applications , would have a better chance of success with a browser not controlled by its biggest rival , Microsoft .
Whirlpool Corp makes unsolicited $ 1.36 billion offer for Maytag , possibly igniting three-way bidding war ; offer challenges agreement by Maytag to be acquired by private equity firm Ripplewood Holdings for $ 1.13 billion , as well as $ 1.28 billion bid by Chinese conglomerate Haier amid concerns about Chinese companies trying to acquire American firms ; Maytag , third largest American home appliance manufacturer , has been considered prime takeover candidate for some time because of heavy cost structure , lack of sales growth and sharply declining profits ; photo ( M )
With Prudential Health Care , Aetna would have had about $ 20 billion in revenue for the first nine months of this year , of which $ 16 billion , or 80 percent , would be in health care , said Joyce Oberdorf , a spokeswoman for Aetna .
Oracle Says Fear of Microsoft Led to PeopleSoft Bid
Microsoft has been widely criticized for its decision to adopt Palm as a name .
Industry analysts said the significance of the disclosures for Microsoft 's rivals would depend both on pricing and on how long the information remains relevant .
The case has attracted national attention because Merck already faces 4,000 lawsuits from people who claim they suffered heart attacks or strokes after taking Vioxx .
He also bought more than a dozen other addresses with names related to Microsoft products .
General Motors Shanghai asked Visteon to design much of the interior of a high-end car it now sells in China .
Some of the earlier doubts about production in the Lower Tertiary were recently lifted when Chevron successfully tested its Jack field .
Oracle and PeopleSoft 's biggest rival in the business software market , SAP , sees an opportunity in the turmoil .
From that year until 1991 , when the company grew substantially through the acquisition of the NCR Corporation , AT & T had thinned its ranks by nearly 100,000 to compete with long-distance carriers like MCI Communications and equipment rivals like Northern Telecom of Canada .
She also said the company 's top managers now know how much each Boeing passenger airplane costs to produce .
The Smiths Group said it won a $ 1.6 billion contract from the Boeing Company to provide landing gear and other components for Boeing 's 7E7 aircraft .
Noting that many other telecommunications companies are nonunion and have lower labor costs , Verizon executives say their main concern is holding down costs and achieving greater flexibility .
Oracle officials declined to comment on Mr. Goldby 's remarks or whether the company planned to raise its offer .
But in a backhanded testament to the power of the machines , those figures paled beside the hundreds of thousands of Verizon customers who lost long-distance phone service last week when an obscure piece of equipment failed in New Jersey .
One of those , Fox News , is owned by Mr. Murdoch , who is Mr. Liu 's partner through the News Corporation 's Asian satellite TV operation , Star .
Executives at McDonald 's said sales had been hurt in some important international markets during the first quarter .
Procter & Gamble Co is introducing Mr Clean Magic Eraser , for removing crayon marks from chair rails , and Mr Clean Autodry , for leaving freshly washed car spot-free without hand drying ; Grey Global Group is developing ad campaign for both products ; photo ( M )
The dispute started more than a year and a half ago , when French groups sued Yahoo for allowing people to sell Nazi-related items in its auctions .
Ebay has taken the action against him , he said , because the company dislikes the auctionsmanager software that he bought from Mr. Smith : ''They perceive it as a threat to them . ''
General Electric and Microsoft are down more than 40 percent since the index topped out .
''Morgan Stanley Dean Witter regrets the decision on the part of the District Attorney 's office to drop the charges against Christian Curry , '' Ms. McFadden said .
Rather , they seem to strengthen the inner cadre at A.T. & T. that has been instrumental in mapping the company 's broad re-alignment over the last several years .
If Microsoft , Coca-Cola and , yes , Wal-Mart , did n't exist , the Janus and Alliance and Fidelity funds of the world would almost have to invent them .
Ford Motor Co names veteran company executive Don R Leclair as chief financial officer , succeeding James C Gouin ( M )
Pfizer has also bought last night 's and next Monday 's ''World News '' broadcast , but had said all along that it would not disclose the content of those ads until they were broadcast .
Microsoft 's stepped-up patent program , analysts say , will be watched closely in the industry to see if the company uses it mainly as a defensive tactic or as an offensive weapon to try to slow the spread of open source products .
Airbus executives even hint darkly that Boeing deliberately stalled development of a competitor to the 747 by entering an alliance to develop a new super-jumbo in the early 1990 's with some of Airbus 's European partners .
I.B.M .
BY NOW it is old news : the Eastman Kodak Company is struggling to reinvent itself as digital technology encroaches on its sales of film .
Richard Adams , a former McDonald 's franchise owner who is now a franchise consultant , said two factors that are often overlooked in McDonald 's turnaround are the economy and the unseasonably warm weather .
The eBay edition of Contribute 3 , which works with Windows , will come with 800 templates that can be customized with product images , descriptions , logos and other standard Web page elements .
Lazard , private investment bank run by Bruce Wasserstein , says Gary W Parr has defected from Morgan Stanley to join firm as its deputy chairman ( M )
Merck & Co reports fourth-quarter earnings rose 21.6 percent , to $ 1.04 billion , up from $ 857.8 million in 1995 quarter ; table ; American Home Products Corp reports earning $ 511.6 million in quarter ; puts earnings at $ 503.2 million excluding one-time gains and charges , up 29 percent ; Warner-Lambert Co reports net income rose 38.9 percent , to $ 171 million , up from $ 123 million ( M )
Microsoft complained about the playing of videotapes today , particularly further use of the tape of Mr. Gates 's deposition , several parts of which had already been shown .
With Vista , Microsoft will be entering the $ 4.4 billion-a-year market for desktop security software -- and compete for the first time with companies like Symantec and McAfee .
At the very least , an investment could help place a higher value on AOL 's business than investors have been giving it credit for within Time Warner over all -- something that might help it appease cranky investors , particularly Carl C. Icahn , who has built a 2.9 percent stake in Time Warner with three hedge funds and has sharply criticized its management and board for its stagnant stock performance .
Barbara A. Allen , a schoolteacher from Salyersville , Ky. , wrote in a letter to Amgen that with GDNF , ''I could once again perform simple tasks like folding towels and buttoning a shirt .
Leo Burnett USA names Tor Myhren as executive vice president and executive creative director for General Motors ad account managed by Burnett unit Chemistri ( S )
Its work is ''clearly of the creative caliber people have come to expect from Nike , '' he said .
A Russian company , Amur Shipbuilding , was awarded a $ 140 million contract by Exxon Mobil to refurbish an oil drilling rig that Exxon Mobil will use to develop the rich oil fields off Sakhalin , an island off the Pacific coast of Russia .
Ford used to expect a weak first half of this year followed by a stronger second half .
Jumping into a new area , Wal-Mart is also offering health savings accounts , which the federal government introduced last year .
A security expert involved in the investigation speculated that the Cisco programming instructions were stolen as part of an effort to establish the intruder 's credibility in online chat rooms he frequented .
Microsoft Says It Did n't Alter Internet Site
In an interview , Christopher P. Liddell , Microsoft 's chief financial officer , said the sales of Windows Vista were $ 300 million to $ 400 million higher than the company 's internal projections , and Office 2007 sales were about $ 200 million higher .
Nestlé and Molson Select Agencies
Though the News Corporation has not discussed the cost of the campaign and how much of those costs it is paying , a spokesman , Gary Ginsberg , described the support as financial , moral and organizational .
Each customer support call , Mr. Norris said , cost I.B.M .
Apple 's latest AirPort Extreme wireless access point and router is its first to use the 802.11n draft standard , a technology that approaches wired-network speeds and is still being developed but is already popping up in many products .
At a private meeting in March 1997 , a Microsoft executive told I.B.M .
Club Coca-Cola , the most intimate of the three settings , which was named after Dizzy Gillespie , will be used for smaller concerts and special events for young people , like student musician 's nights .
Ogilvy already handles assignments for Kodak that include campaigns for disposable cameras and photofinishing .
The Citigroup acquisition was also seen as a precedent that could prod other global banks to look at South Korean consumer banking .
In Taiwan 's case , some fund managers said Morgan Stanley should have treated the escalating tensions with China as a disincentive .
Oracle 's earnings report was issued before the market opened .
Should Avendra , which is based in Rockville , Md. , produce a windfall , perhaps through an initial public offering , the Marriott executives said their company would use that money to upgrade the hotels ' reservations and other systems , at a discount to the hotels .
Frontier Still Weighing Bid From Qwest
Prince III , Citigroup 's chief executive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , shares of Interpublic -- the world 's largest agency company in billings , at $ 37.7 billion , and No .
Rather , Tiffany.com introduces customers to several different ring styles and lists a range of prices .
The catalog price of the deal would be $ 9.1 billion , Boeing said , but the airline probably received a discount of up to 30 percent to win the order .
But the Eastman Kodak Company , returning to South Africa after an absence of nearly eight years when it agreed to observe sanctions against apartheid , is trying to make sure that every nickel-and-dime photo opportunity is another Kodak moment .
General Motors said yesterday that it would increase first-quarter production by 7 percent to replenish a stock of vehicles diminished by record October sales and a strong November .
Mr. Growney has spent 30 years at Motorola running a variety of wireless-communications and radio businesses .
* POP Radio , Boston , a provider of advertiser-supported radio content to stores , acquired and absorbed the SmartSource Radio network from News America Marketing , New York , part of the News Corporation .
For decades , Eastman Kodak thrived on a classic business model : sell lots of cameras at low prices to chalk up outsize profits on the inks , chemicals and papers used for making prints .
Oracle executives said they would ask Vice Chancellor Strine to take action if a majority of PeopleSoft shareholders tendered shares by Nov. 19 and PeopleSoft did not rescind its poison pill .
''We want the browser , whether from Microsoft or Netscape , to act like the universal dial tone for Internet connectivity -- an open and standard technology , '' said Irving Wladawsky-Berger , general manager of I.B.M .
The Eastman Kodak Company , which has missed its earnings targets for three quarters , said yesterday that earnings were likely to be disappointing for the rest of the year .
If the experience of the Marriott hotel empire is any guide , the best way for a company to prosper may be to break itself apart .
The fresh offer of $ 8.9 billion made yesterday comes two days after MCI 's board tried to end the contest by accepting a $ 7.6 billion bid from Verizon Communications .
AOL , the largest instant messaging service with about 60 percent of the market by some measures , and its rivals , Microsoft and Yahoo , are racing to add voice and video connections .
In 1997 , the News Corporation sought to sell HarperCollins in an attempt to stem its mounting losses , and the house made headlines by drastically cutting the number of books it published .
has displayed a deft hand in explaining unfamiliar new technology to the corporate establishment , which is I.B.M .
Europe 's second-highest appeals court , the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg , set a date at the end of September for a meeting with Microsoft , the European Commission and others to decide whether changes demanded by the commission in March to Microsoft 's business practices should be waived until its appeal is decided .
The Microsoft Home can read the tags and keep track of the information they carry .
It grabbed the market lead from the Cypher by Johnson & Johnson within weeks of its introduction in the United States 15 months ago because many doctors felt it was easier to insert in the tiny arteries that supply blood to the heart .
He added that the products ' sales were a minor issue for Johnson & Johnson , which he projected would have $ 22 billion in worldwide 1996 revenues .
At a Federal appeals court hearing today , the Microsoft Corporation and the Justice Department faced tough questions but got no clear indication on how the judges might rule on the company 's effort to overturn an order against Microsoft in the Government 's antitrust case against it .
2 soft drink brand after Coke .
Analysts say Morgan Stanley 's Asian indexes are by far its most influential .
While shares of AOL Time Warner , AT & T and Comcast all rose , Comcast 's stock jumped 14 percent , up $ 3.08 , to close at $ 24.25 .
Before Intel reported its results , its shares rose 18.75 cents , to $ 76.6875 .
Mr. Stratton said Verizon Wireless would be selling phones with ample power even when doubling as music players .
Time Warner Board Move
The American Dental Association sued Aetna two years ago over billing practices , then filed a similar suit against WellPoint a year later .
Yahoo has been moving advertisers to the new system gradually and expects to complete the task in the United States in March .
But distributed computing has been slow to arrive in the mainstream computing world , and Mr. Gelernter places the blame for the lack of innovation to a great extent on the absence of a new computing vision from Microsoft .
United Healthcare 's 13 million members will make a copayment of about $ 25 for Celebrex , twice the fee for branded drugs fully covered under its plans .
The financial services arm of the General Electric Company , GE Capital , is close to announcing a deal worth $ :1 billion , or about $ 1.42 billion , for Scottish Life Assurance , the mutual pension provider , people close to the situation said .
That went well enough that last spring Hasbro started full manufacturing of three versions in white , gray and marmalade .
Wieden & Kennedy had planned to lay off as many as 30 employees , close to 13 percent of its staff of 235 , after losing the creative duties for Powerade , Aquarius and two Coca-Cola soft-drink brands , Barq 's root beer and Diet Coke .
Video game accessories are seen gaining new prominence as video game market matures , and as its prime movers , including Sony , Microsoft and Nintendo , are striving harder to make electronic entertainment more mainstream ; at Electronic Entertainment Expo , or E3 , annual video game trade show being held in Los Angeles this week , game peripherals , as such products are generally known , are being introduced with almost as much fanfare as games themselves ; NPD Group , market research firm , reports $ 1.1 billion in sales of accessories for console and portable video games in United States last year ; photos of some new accessories ( L )
I.B.M .
The nine states that have refused to sign the Bush administration 's proposed antitrust settlement with Microsoft will ask a Federal judge to impose tougher enforcement sanctions and eliminate a long list of loopholes from the agreement , state officials involved in the case said today .
But the Government contends that those moves represent the abuse of Microsoft 's monopoly power to thwart competition .
Unlike MasterCard and Visa , which as networks do not know the names of customers , American Express knows its cardholders .
Automobile figures for April show Americans are increasingly wary of gas-thirsty sport utility vehicles ; General Motors and Ford Motor Co saw their sales slip as consumers continued to buy Asian cars ; Toyota and Nissan post record sales gains , which helped push auto sales in North America up 1.8 percent ; GM 's sales fell 7.7 percent from same month year earlier , primarily because of weak demand for SUV 's ; Ford 's sales dropped 5 percent from year ago ; Toyota says April was most successful month in its history ; sales were up 21.3 percent on big gains in number of passenger cars sold ; Nissan had record April , with sales rising 27 percent ; GM 's market share in April was 25.1 percent , compared with 27.7 percent year earlier ; Toyota 's share rose to 14 percent , from 11.7 percent ; Chrysler division of DaimlerChrysler gained market share , with 13.7 percent of North American market , compared with 13.3 percent year ago ; DaimlerChrysler 's sales in US rose 4.6 percent as against same period year earlier ; graphs ; charts ( M )
Kellogg is still the leader in market share based on the number of boxes sold , but General Mills Inc. recently surpassed Kellogg in dollar sales for a four-week period .
Motorola Inc announces net income of $ 268 million for second quarter on revenue of $ 7.5 billion ; financial results modestly exceed analysts ' expectations ; company earned $ 326 million on revenue of $ 6.8 billion in second quarter of 1996 ; Advanced Micro Devices says it earned $ 10 million in second quarter on revenue of $ 594.6 million ; company lost $ 34.7 million on sales of $ 455.1 million in second quarter of 1996 ; tables ( L )
Buyout of Equity Office Properties Trust for $ 36 billion , $ 16 billion of that in debt , eclipses old record of $ 33 billion for HCA in July ; graphs ( S )
In the biggest deal , struck in February , Roseland is to receive $ 500 million from the Lennar Corporation of Miami , a publicly traded seller of condominiums in 18 states and the District of Columbia .
McDonald 's , Burger King , KFC and Wendy 's have all underwritten research and recently hired what are called animal welfare specialists to help them devise new standards aimed at ensuring more humane treatment of the animals destined for their kitchens .
After Apple , RCA is the second-biggest seller of MP3 players that use flash memory rather than hard drives , with a 7 percent share of that market .
The irregularities included expenses incurred by Morgan Stanley clients at an adult entertainment club , the suit says , adding that white bankers at Morgan Stanley regularly charged the firm for client entertainment as such establishments .
A Time Warner spokesman , however , ventured that the agreement could require approval from some local authorities .
Micron is also trying to expand globally and into new businesses , such as making chips that can be used as electronic tracking devices .
It 's the Vintage Park , which in a deal with the Redmond , Wash. , software giant has outfitted 30 of its rooms and suites with computers , Microsoft Office Suite software and digital T-1 lines that can provide access to E-mail and the Internet at speeds up to 100 times faster than a dial-up modem .
Boeing has booked 422 orders for the 787 , while Airbus 's midsize competitor , the A350 , underwent a costly redesign that will push back its introduction until 2012 .
Despite the rivalry , Yahoo and Microsoft executives came together here on Wednesday amid high expectations that the companies might announce some kind of partnership .
The Microsoft legal team also plans to depose key executives involved in the three-way deal , and perhaps call one or two of them as rebuttal witnesses .
MCI 's board made the decision after spending the day reconsidering Qwest 's bid , which is 19 percent higher than Verizon 's .
''You 're very thoughtful about the commercial you run because there are two games going on , the football game and the commercial game , '' said Abby F. Kohnstamm , senior vice president for marketing at International Business Machines in Armonk , N.Y .
Intel 's average selling price fell , but at a far lower rate , to $ 130 from $ 137 .
Procter is joining a growing list of mainstay marketers trying to reach consumers in nontraditional ways , including podcasts , blogs , video games , e-mail messages , cellphones , video-on-demand and ''pop-up '' retail stores that stay open only for a short time .
To support that , the brief says , ''After first denying it , at trial Microsoft ultimately conceded that it was able to raise the price of Windows 95 after Windows 98 came out . ''
''History shows that Cablevision might resist , but this will be different because it will already be on Time Warner and Comcast , '' Gutkowski said .
Under Dow Corning 's proposal , the settlement would be administered by a trust fund .
Using standard accounting principles , Pfizer expects to earn $ 1.16 a share in 2005 , down from $ 1.49 a share last year .
Whole Foods , which recently banned the sale of live lobster amid welfare concerns , has been working on its animal compassionate standards for three years and plans to unveil its logo in a few months , as soon as auditing guidelines are established to make sure farmers are following the rules .
Another focus of the Government 's concern , the lawyer close to the case says , is in the confidential ''market development agreements '' that Microsoft has with PC makers .
This fall , for example , Continental Airlines executives boasted about the favorable prices it received from Boeing for its order for 737 's .
''Microsoft 's payments to Novell and others have no effect on the commission 's action , which is intended to promote competition , innovation and consumer choice , '' said David Stewart , deputy general counsel of RealNetworks .
In the fourth quarter of 2002 , Intel reported earnings of 16 cents a share on sales of $ 7.16 billion .
The China Construction Bank , one of China 's four main state-controlled banks , agreed on Thursday to buy the retail banking operations in Hong Kong and Macao of the Bank of America for $ 1.25 billion .
''If people think they can do this and hide their tracks and make money , '' said Mr. Smith of Microsoft , ''a new day has dawned . ''
''This really changes what you can do with security and encryption , '' said George Walsh , an I.B.M .
The ratings agency Moody 's Investors Service put the long-term debt ratings of the Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation on review for possible downgrade .
Lawyers could argue that since there may be financial judgments against Altria , the company does not have the authority to divest itself of Kraft 's assets .
Citigroup also produced revenue gains more robust than many of its competitors ; demonstrated that it has expenses under control ; is getting solid returns from its investment banking unit after reducing some of the riskier parts of that business , and already appears to have begun moving beyond the managerial and operational problems that plagued it last year .
MEDIA Correction : April 8 , 2003 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday about the influence of Rupert Murdoch on the News Corporation 's properties misidentified the Fox News Channel commentator who accused competitors of dwelling on casualties in Iraq and misstated the term he used for them .
Terry Collingsworth , executive director of the International Labor Rights Fund , a Washington-based advocacy group , asserted that filing the lawsuit in California was appropriate because Wal-Mart had violated that state 's laws .
In March , when Vice President Al Gore visited Beijing , an order for five Boeing 777 's , worth $ 1.3 billion , was placed .
Stanley Works had also run into growing negative sentiment in Washington and elsewhere .
Wal-Mart Says Health Plan Is Covering More Workers
Pfizer , the world 's largest drug company , sponsored both studies .
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co is planning to drop Dean Witter name from its brand after spending most of 1990 's keeping alive Dean Witter 's image ( M )
''What the Microsoft trial has done is to say that if people are using this as an electronic filing system , it could be a dangerous medium , '' said David Zaccagnini , Polk 's vice president for information technology .
But to share data with its big systems , it is using WebSphere , I.B.M .
AT & T contends that Bell Atlantic charges it artificially high prices for switching calls from AT & T 's network to its local customers .
In July , a federal court ruled that I.B.M .
TECHNOLOGY Correction : March 8 , 2002 , Friday A picture caption in Business Day yesterday with an article about a hearing in the Microsoft antitrust case misstated the roles of Kenneth W. Starr and Robert H. Bork .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers from Houston and Los Angeles , who between them have brought numerous civil lawsuits against Pfizer and other antidepressant makers , have signed onto the defense team .
Shawn Conahan , chief executive and chairman of Intercasting , said Rabble was already catching on , having signed 1,000 users on the Verizon service in the last two weeks .
In addition to improving the quality of videos , Intel 's compression technology will reduce the computing power required to translate video images into a digital format .
Mr. Semel hopes that his new move into Internet access will help Yahoo sell extra services because customers will sign up for the Yahoo Wallet -- its rival to Microsoft Passport -- an account linked to a credit card number that will make buying its other services easier .
For proof of the value of acting to pre-empt problems , Delta need only look to the industry 's biggest low-fare carrier , Southwest Airlines .
Rob Blackman , the executive vice president in charge of the project for Tishman , said that every floor was being raised to accommodate the miles of cables and wires necessary for Morgan Stanley to operate smoothly now and in the foreseeable future .
Because PNC is more fee-dependent than its peers , pressure from a rise in interest rates and a slowdown in the economy may prompt smaller lenders to cave .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , announced yesterday that it ended the year ahead of its most recent sales forecast , in part because it began lowering some prices immediately after a lackluster Thanksgiving weekend .
The vice president of the GAF Materials Corporation , Frank O'Dowd , testified that without the rebate program his company would not have closed a $ 20 million deal being negotiated with PeopleSoft when the Oracle tender offer was announced .
''Compared to their neighbor up the street , it was pretty minimal , '' said Thomas Finucane , a banking analyst at State Street Research , referring to Citigroup 's loan portfolio .
In the latest deal , Cardinal Health Inc. agreed late on Sunday to buy the Bergen Brunswig Corporation for $ 2.41 billion in stock and to assume $ 386 million of debt .
Profits at Citigroup 's consumer business rose 26 percent in the first quarter , before accounting changes and restructuring charges .
Two doctors demanded consulting contracts in return for using Medtronic 's products , the suit contended , but the contracts were a ''sham , '' because little work was done for the pay .
In an effort to more closely link Mr. Redstone 's pay to the performance of CBS stock , the company said he would receive stock awards whose value would depend on the shares ' performance compared with the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index over three years .
Raines Cohen , who worked as a reporter at the MacWeek trade paper , recalled how the staff of the paper would occasionally send ''Mac-the-Knife '' coffee mugs to random Apple executives .
Mr. Jobs made it clear that he had no plans to sell Apple software to run on Windows computers .
Apple 's executives have rejected Mr. Ellison 's criticism and this afternoon a company spokesman declined to comment on whether the company was looking for a suitor .
and Intel , include companies like Hewlett-Packard , Dell and Novell .
The proceeding before Judge Kollar-Kotelly is the culmination of a case that began when the Justice Department and 20 states filed antitrust charges against Microsoft on May 18 , 1998 , in what was seen as a historic case that would set the ground rules of competition in the digital age .
However , Wal-Mart executives have recently been speaking publicly about their eagerness to better express in ads what they believe their brand stands for -- qualities like genuine value , accessibility to everyone and caring for customers .
Microsoft Start is where the company will use some of the technology it has spent aggressively to acquire recently .
''Clearly what Disney was for Pixar , Google could be for Apple , '' said Tony Perkins , an entrepreneur and editor of AlwaysOn Network , a Web site for Silicon Valley insiders .
''Monsanto did offer to expand and revise existing licenses with Pioneer , '' Lori J. Fisher , a Monsanto spokeswoman , said in an e-mail message .
Lowe 's Companies puts in review creative and media parts of ad account of Lowe 's home-improvement retail chain , which have been handled since 1999 by New York units of McCann Worldgroup ; billings estimated at $ 300 million a year ( S )
Oracle raised its offer for PeopleSoft on Monday from $ 21 a share to $ 24 a share .
Whether consumers enjoy , dislike or ignore the ''Enjoy '' campaign , it is likely to be around for a while , said Emanuel Goldman , a global consumer-products analyst for Merrill Lynch , adding that Coca-Cola ''will push extra hard this year , but it 's not just this year ; this is longer term . ''
Mr. Conway said investors were worried about how much of PepsiCo 's gains this year would be driven by core operations versus changes in financial engineering .
Apple executives have said in the past that they doubted Mr. Ellison was serious about a takeover effort .
''The most important battle is between Apple and Microsoft , '' he said .
Already that may be happening , and Microsoft is the one that seems to be yielding , shedding some of its tech-driven nerdiness for a hipper style .
Now , by dropping its effort , just as Airbus has announced plans to reorganize as a single company from its current status as a consortium of several European concerns , Boeing may gain breathing room .
Michael Jackson , AutoNation 's chief executive , said in a telephone interview today that he did not regard Amazon and Greenlight as a serious threat .
About 15 percent , or $ 400 million , of Medtronic 's $ 2.6 billion sales are in related businesses , including pain management devices and electronic stimulators to treat tremors .
Apple Computer releases MSC OS 8.5 , new operating system for Macintosh ( S )
A Microsoft spokesman , Jim Desler , called the appeals court decision ''a positive step '' in what he said promises to be ''a long legal process . ''
In trading , shares of Oracle rose 21 cents , to $ 13.49 .
The selected employees will be offered cash to leave the company , or the chance to transfer to another part of I.B.M .
''A significant part of any large project that we do worldwide is today being delivered out of here , '' said Shanker Annaswamy , I.B.M .
The central issue here is a disagreement between ourselves and the Department of Justice over whether we should have been allowed to support the Internet inside Microsoft Windows .
Many physicians view the Guidant system as superior to Johnson & Johnson 's .
Shares of Boston Scientific have occasionally traded below the $ 22.62 floor since the deal was announced on Jan. 25 .
Motorola 's luster in semiconductors has been fading since the 1980 's .
Although people familiar with AT & T 's proposal discussed its details , company officials declined to comment .
Digital Distribution of Movie Is Planned by Fox and Cisco
And in a later speech , Ms. Whitman apologized to the eBay community for a deal it cut several years ago that gave special privileges to the Walt Disney Company that were not afforded to others auctioning off Disney memorabilia .
Comcast , the giant cable company , has no intention of challenging ESPN by creating a competitive national sports channel , two Comcast executives said yesterday .
Microsoft 's stock price is up 125 percent since the fall of 1997 , when the Justice Department probe became public .
Yahoo and eBay said the revenue from the deal would be small this year , and they declined to characterize its financial impact for next year .
''Without distribution from Comcast , it would be virtually impossible for any network to be profitable , '' said Richard Bilotti , a cable analyst for Morgan Stanley .
The deal , together with the proposed acquisition of Time Warner by AOL , was widely opposed by rivals in the arts and Internet businesses as a juggernaut , a company that could monopolize much entertainment as well as being the world 's largest online information service .
The group is seeking to force an allergy warning label on Quorn products and yesterday filed a class-action lawsuit against both Quorn 's manufacturer in the United States , a division of Marlow Foods Ltd. in North Yorkshire , England , and Quorn 's largest retailer in the United States , Whole Foods Market .
Dispelling concerns over a possible liquidity squeeze , Pinault-Printemps-Redoute , the French retailer , said today that it had agreed to sell the mail- order division of its Guilbert office- supplies unit to Staples of the United States for 825 million euros ( $ 809 million ) .
Mr. Conte said the company hoped to resolve the issue informally , but he added that Boeing ''is prepared to defend its positions vigorously and believes that it will ultimately prevail . ''
The problems occurred as a result of Comcast 's switching its high-speed Internet customers onto its own network , from a network operated by Excite @ Home , which declared bankruptcy .
Lack taking over NBC 's day-to-day operations , the NBC chief executive , Bob Wright , has said he will be freer to help its parent company , General Electric , devise a strategy for NBC 's future .
McDonald 's tested its wireless services in 10 New York restaurants earlier this year .
If Johnson & Johnson can not persuade Guidant to agree on a lower price , some analysts expect Johnson & Johnson to look elsewhere to complete its strategy .
That will make Interpublic the owner of what Barry Linsky , senior vice president for planning and business development at Interpublic , described as ''a substantial majority '' of Zentropy .
Last Sunday afternoon , Brian Roberts , the president of Comcast , was resting at his home near Philadelphia after an exhausting week of negotiations .
Microsoft . ''
''If only I 'd been smart enough to buy the first 100 shares of Campbell Soup in 1954 , for $ 39 and a fraction , those shares would now be worth $ 204,000 and a fraction , '' Mr. Grasso said .
In February , Winn-Dixie Stores filed for bankruptcy ; at 92 percent of its stores , a Wal-Mart Supercenter is within a 20-mile radius .
''No one big player has all the answers , '' said Charles J. Salameh , vice president for data and managed enterprise services at Bell Canada , which recently worked with Cisco and others to land government contracts in Canada .
In the mainstream , years of cloning the clones resulted so much in least-common-denominator products that I.B.M .
Motorola announced before the markets opened yesterday that it had achieved better-than-expected earnings in the quarter that ended Sept. 27 .
Four pension funds for public employees have filed a shareholder proposal seeking to give investors the power to nominate two directors to the board of Halliburton .
But the folks behind the Windows Refund Center would like to simplify things by having Microsoft supply the refunds .
Humana Buys Health Plan In Cincinnati
For years , Dr. Stanton believed he would get the top job at CBS -- chairman and chief executive -- when Mr. Paley reached age 65 in 1966 .
I.B.M .
Discovery Communications said yesterday that it planned to buy out one of its three shareholders , Cox Communications , in a deal that included transferring the Travel Channel and $ 1.275 billion in cash to Cox for its 25 percent stake in the company .
Most big seed companies -- including several that Monsanto has since acquired -- agreed to use the system , which legal experts say is a legitimate exercise of Monsanto 's licensing and patent rights .
TODAY , the Fox News Channel is up and running , joining CNN , CNN Headline News and MSNBC as 24-hour-a-day cable news channels .
Excluding charges , Cisco 's earnings were 15 cents a share , meeting analysts ' expectations , according to Thomson First Call .
WellPoint and ING said in the letter that they intended to keep the proposal confidential , Aetna said .
Here at Microsoft we 've assembled a world-class team .
Nike struck back .
Mr. Jobs , who spent years in the industry wilderness before retaking the helm of Apple , is its defining outsider .
Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , is the lead agency for Nike .
But along with technology stocks , Morgan Stanley 's stock crashed when the bubble burst , and when its stock continued to languish , resentment began to build .
Whirlpool plans to fix the defective part in the microwave and install a thermal cutoff that will shut down the microwave when it becomes too hot .
''This is not a world in which anyone is confused that the virtual world will replace the physical world , '' said Steven Ballmer , Microsoft 's president .
Merck & Co forms alliance with small biotechnology company Alnylam Holding Co to develop drugs using widely watched new technology aimed at precisely shutting off genes involved in disease ; deal represents one of first substantial steps by large pharmaceutical company toward making drugs using technology , known as RNA interference ( M )
Sounds like the basis for another Nike commercial .
When asked about Microsoft 's business practices , 54 percent of those polled said they agreed with the statement that ''Microsoft uses legally acceptable business tactics to sell and distribute its products . ''
That debt , about $ 6 billion , helped push Monsanto into a merger with the Pharmacia Corporation in 1999 .
Like its predecessor , the Jornada 525 is a hand-held computer that runs on Microsoft 's improved Pocket PC operating platform and can run all of Microsoft 's miniversions of Outlook , Excel , Word and Microsoft Reader for electronic books .
Consumers of varying net worths are spending these days on apparel brand names like Tommy Hilfiger , designer label goods like Gucci and classic retailers known for quality and tradition like Tiffany 's .
Mr. Romeril is one of five former Xerox executives who have been notified that they may be sued as part of an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into accounting practices at Xerox .
The ''Real '' campaign is the first tangible result of the tenure of Steven J. Heyer , Coke 's new president and chief operating officer .
But Mr. Morgan said publishers might also migrate toward Microsoft 's Passport technology , which helps Web sites identify users as they enter the site -- thereby reducing a site 's need to rely on cookies to identify users .
''Time Warner has done some trimming over the years , but it 's a company that could use another look , '' he said .
The Coca-Cola Company warned yesterday that its earnings for the second half of the year would fall short of forecasts , citing competitive pressures in North America and unseasonably cool and rainy weather in Europe .
New York State Common Retirement Fund files lawsuit against Merck & Co , accusing it of misleading shareholders about safety of its arthritis pain drug Vioxx , which has since been withdrawn ; suit says pension fund lost about $ 171 million in Sept 30 , when company withdrew drug from market ; New York State Comptroller Alan G Hevesi , who is also pension fund 's trustee , says Merck knew but failed to disclose that growing evidence indicated that Vioxx users were at increased risk of heart attacks , strokes and death ; suit also names several individuals , including Merck 's chief executive Raymond V Gilmartin ( M )
With regard to the weaker investment banking figures , Mr. Sidwell cautioned that it was too early to blame the recent spate of executive departures from Morgan Stanley .
The system requirements for Windows XP are listed at Microsoft 's Web site .
Terry Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , shrugged off the market reaction .
Cheryl Buxton , a managing director for Korn/Ferry , an executive search firm , said that morale inside Merck had plunged since the withdrawal of Vioxx .
Mobil has also built a thriving business in the trading of oil -- a business Exxon has eschewed .
Dr. Phaedon Avouris , manager of nanoscale science for I.B.M .
Separately , Apple said on Wednesday that it had reached a settlement with Doug Steigerwald , a 22-year-old college student whom the company had accused of illegally distributing a test version of the Tiger operating system over the Internet .
For Boeing , which once appeared poised to make its satellite-based Internet system a big business , time is running out to win over the American airlines .
If it chooses Whirlpool 's offer and regulators later block the transaction , its already struggling business could be irreparably damaged .
On the other hand , despite a location lacking extensive frontage on main roads , the mall is still home to three large department stores , J.C. Penney , Sears and Macy 's , which have often experienced declines in sales elsewhere when Wal-Mart has set up shop nearby .
SBC Communications completed its purchase of the struggling American corporate icon on Friday and will adopt the AT & T name as part of the deal .
to run 3M at the same time that Mr. Nardelli left for Home Depot , got 3M 's sales and stock price way up .
Motorola 's average phone price in the quarter , $ 119 , was roughly even with that the previous quarter , but below the $ 139 average a year earlier .
While Microsoft will no longer distribute the products listed , many will continue to be supported .
Qwest would also assume $ 11.4 billion in U S West and Frontier debt .
Microsoft is also trying to encourage game makers to embed code information on ratings in new games .
G.M. , for example , had $ 49.6 billion in cash and marketable securities at the end of the first quarter , according to Bloomberg News , not much less than Microsoft 's $ 56.4 billion .
Both Radlo and A. & P. pay for the etchings -- they will not say how much -- but because A. & P. 's eggs will carry the CBS ads , it will also share in the ad revenue .
VERIZON WIRELESS , among the nation 's most widely advertised brands , is poised to become the advertising medium itself .
Kodak Account Gets Media Chief
Its Powerade sports drink and Minute Maid juices lag the Gatorade drinks and Tropicana juices of its archrival , PepsiCo .
The report coincided with the start of talks about a possible acquisition of Daewoo at an undisclosed site outside Korea by General Motors and Daewoo 's creditors , led by the government 's Korea Development Bank .
Tyco 's $ 709 million of 1995 sales plus Mattel revenues will give Mattel worldwide sales of $ 4.3 billion .
KODAK CONFIRMS $ 980 MILLION BID FOR CREO
Judy Doherty , director of communications at Kodak 's entertainment imaging division , argued that such poetry is well within reach of contemporary technology .
Wal-Mart , which has traditionally catered to low-income shoppers , also appeared to benefit from consumers who tried to conserve gas by reducing their weekly shopping trips .
accused David C. Kirkpatrick , the former national sales director at Coca-Cola Enterprises , of signing several misleading forms to advance more than $ 3 million worth of allowances .
Analysts had expected Interpublic to have a profit of $ 14 million , or 3 cents a share , in the quarter , according to a survey by Thomson First Call .
A Silicon Valley investor who is in contact with potential bidders , however , said that Intellectual Ventures , a venture capital firm founded by Nathan Myhrvold , a former top Microsoft executive , was considering making a bid .
His name was removed as a Monsanto attorney in court papers on Jan. 30 , 1998 .
The new offer by American International Group , one of the country 's largest insurers , matches the amount offered in a hostile bid by the Cendant Corporation , a leading discount shopping and franchising company -- $ 58 a share , or a total of about $ 2.7 billion .
That left even a strong company like Exxon , which has been slow to replace reserves , wondering where it would strike oil next .
Since then , the commission has been examining the documentation with the monitoring trustee , Neil Barrett , who was chosen by Microsoft to oversee its compliance with the 2004 ruling .
Analysts polled by First Call/Thomson Financial had expected the company to earn 15 cents a share after Motorola warned investors last month that it would fall short of expectations .
Mr. Nacchio told reporters in a conference call that he had sent letters to both Frontier and U S West reaffirming his offers and had filed supporting documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission.. Mr. Nacchio has been criticized for not supporting both bids fully .
At several points , Mr. Scott addressed criticisms that Wal-Mart health plan was too stingy toward its employees .
Earlier this month Google also helped create a lobbying group called Alliance for 4-G America , with partners including Yahoo , EchoStar Communications , DirecTV , Intel and Skype , in an effort to influence the F.C.C .
News analysis of Microsoft trial issues ; notes witness after witness for Government has described big software company 's industry-standard Windows operating system as essential utility of modern computing and that to succeed in marketplace , they explain , a new software product must have access to Microsoft 's technology if product is to run smoothly on top of Window 's operating system ; holds that if Justice Department wins its case , it will be tricky business on both legal and practical grounds to force Microsoft to provide access to its technology ( M )
Electronic Arts said yesterday that it would offer an online version of its popular Madden Football game later this year for Sony 's PlayStation 2 , then gradually add online features to other versions of its games for the Sony console .
The Justice Department 's lead lawyer in the Microsoft antitrust case clashed today with the company 's highest-ranking witness as the Government charged that the software maker had used its market power as ''a club '' in its dealings with Apple Computer Inc. , while the Microsoft executive countered that his company was responding to a threat of ''patent terrorism '' from Apple .
Mr. Thoman has been groomed to succeed Mr. Allaire ever since he joined Xerox from I.B.M .
Despite Swissair 's offer of space on its Web site , relatives of the victims said they had ultimately decided to move to Yahoo because they felt that they needed a more neutral space .
AT & T said it would offer multimedia , wireless , calling cards and numbers that customers keep for life , among other services .
''The target market for K2 is one which Adobe has a lot of familiarity with , and which is already using its other products , '' he said .
Separately , Amazon.com announced that it had expanded its marketing alliance with America Online .
He became a director and senior vice president of Exxon Corporation in 1980 .
It will be Mr. Goizueta 's first absence from a board meeting since he became chairman and chief executive in 1981 , and executives at Coca-Cola headquarters in Atlanta said yesterday that they were stunned at the rapid decline in Mr. Goizueta 's health .
Steve Perlman , the co-founder of WebTV , who was an Apple engineer at the time , recalled that Apple chose not to buy Pixar , in part because it had no interest in helping Mr. Jobs .
Time Warner declined to disclose the value of the contract , but its dollar value is probably less important to A.T. & T. than its value in raising the company 's presence in this field .
Government ends Brazil 's oil monopoly in two-day auction , overcoming nationalist resistance and recently weak petroleum prices to auction first exploration licenses to big foreign companies ; AGIP unit of ENI of Italy , BP Amoco PLC , Exxon , Texaco and Unocal are among victors for 12 of 27 fields ; companies agree to pay $ 181 million to Brazil for licenses ; Petroleo Brasileiro SA , or Petrobras , state-controlled company , wins some of choicest licenses ; photo ( M )
Ford Motor Co to cut 401 ( k ) retirement plan matching benefits and health benefits for salaried workers as part of effort to cut costs and return to profitability ; will suspend shift at Edison , NJ , plant and lay off about 600 hourly workers ( M ) 4
Indeed , many analysts scrambled after the announcement to increase already upbeat predictions of how Xerox 's earnings and stock price would perform .
Microsoft Corp lawyers will meet with Justice Dept to seek settlement of antitrust suit against computer giant ; main topic of discussion is expected to be nation 's personal computer makers -- and Microsoft Corp 's relationship with them ; lawyers say Microsoft must be willing to open up its pricing and marketing contracts with manufacturers in ways that fundamentally alter its relationship with producers of personal computers ; Government lawyers claim current relationship too often leaves manufacturers in position of being 'captive distributors ' for Microsoft software ; Microsoft has reportedly told Government that overhauling its relationship with PC makers would amount to change in competitive structure of industry ; if Government wins case , it could demand that Microsoft be broken up , or that Microsoft license software code for its industry-standard Windows operating system ( M )
The Justice Department is seeking to prevent Microsoft from making computer manufacturers load Internet Explorer in new machines .
Cisco is an industry leader with $ 21 billion in cash based on real earnings , no debt and a stock that has returned more than 600 percent , despite the market downturn , since John Chambers became chief executive in 1995 .
Corning , once known primarily for housewares , left that business three years ago to focus on high-technology businesses like photonics -- the lasers , amplifiers and filters that blast signals down the fiber optic pipelines of modern telecommunications .
CVS Raises Its Bid for Caremark Rx as Judge Delays Vote
The company , had ''strong momentum and relatively stable pricing '' during the first quarter , said Paul S. Otellini , Intel 's chief executive .
NBC , a division of General Electric , is also evidently still interested in Vivendi 's entertainment assets although NBC did not submit a formal offer yesterday .
Spyglass , a Pioneer , Learns Hard Lessons About Microsoft
Philips and AT & T In European Deal
Several top turnaround specialists are in demand as economy continues to slow ; include Edward J Zander , former president and chief operating officer of Sun Microsystem , David R Carlucci , general manager of IBM 's operations in Americas , John R Joyce , IBM 's chief financial officer , and Dan Warmenhoven , chief executive of Network Appliance Inc ( M )
Opening a multibillion-dollar bidding war to be the dominant rail freight company east of the Mississippi , the Norfolk Southern Corporation offered yesterday to pay $ 9.15 billion for Conrail Inc. , topping last week 's offer for the railroad from CSX Inc. by more than $ 1 billion .
Last year , a jury ordered Pfizer to pay about $ 43 million to a woman who suffered liver damage from taking Rezulin , a diabetes drug .
Foveon 's planned announcement , coming on the heels of Kodak 's , suggests a sharpening battle between the two competing manufacturing technologies at the heart of a billion-dollar market for digital photographic sensors .
Only Microsoft has remained inflexible .
A spokesman for Google declined to comment on Yahoo 's new offering , citing rules related to its pending public stock offering .
To justify that valuation , Cisco 's earnings must grow far faster than those of most other companies .
Similarly , McDonald 's now presses beef suppliers to reduce their use of electrical prods and encourages chicken producers to use automated equipment to gently gather chickens , in place of unskilled laborers who grab birds and stuff them into cages .
Global companies like McDonald 's are also being nudged by rulemakers in Europe , where the animal welfare movement has made more headway with government officials .
Apple Tops Analysts ' Lowered Forecasts
And NASA 's high-speed civil transport program , which includes Boeing and other aerospace contractors , expects to have a full-scale , flying model of a 300-passenger supersonic jet completed by 2010 .
During this time , the District Attorney 's office said yesterday , the defendants used confidential information from Morgan Stanley relating to 13 companies : Healthcare Imaging Services , Owen Healthcare , Starsight Telecast , Ontrak Systems , Square Industries , American Medical Response , Ocean Energy I , Georgia Pacific , Reading & Bates , Coram Healthcare , Doubletree , Rohr and Einstein Bagels .
''It 's really flattering to have Nike as a client . ''
A Harris poll for Business Week magazine last month asked consumers if they were more or less likely to buy Microsoft products as a result of the Justice Department inquiry .
I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp researchers develop software technique that improves the appearance of fonts displayed on color liquid-crystal display screens to a level that approaches the visual quality of text printed on paper ; new software , called Cleartype font technology , will be integrated into Microsoft 's Windows 98 , Windows NT and Windows CE operating systems during 1999 ( M ) )
Yet the same people repeatedly said there was an important role for the Government to play to make sure that fair play was maintained in the high-technology economy that Microsoft has come to symbolize .
He said the problem had been aggravated by Johnson & Johnson 's failure to supply all the appropriate sizes of device .
When Apple designed the original Macintosh operating system , ''CD '' stood for ''certificate of deposit , '' ''The Dukes of Hazzard '' was on television , and floppy disks were still floppy .
Clearance For Verizon Long-Distance
In the second quarter , revenue in Intel 's communications unit was $ 508 million , a drop from $ 536 million in the comparable quarter last year .
CVS had been under pressure from shareholders and investment advisory services to increase its offer .
Halliburton , the big oil-services company , sought to distance itself on Sunday from a report that investigators in France were close to completing an inquiry into payments on a project in Nigeria that might have enriched a former executive .
Adding to its good news , the rate at which Verizon customers canceled subscriptions , known as the churn rate , declined to 1.08 percent from 1.14 percent a year earlier .
Frankfurt Book Fair sees introduction of Frankfurt eBook Awards , conceived to encourage electronic publishing ; Microsoft vice president Dick Brass forsees growth of electronic book sector ; judging current award entries proves difficult ; photo ( M )
This week I.B.M .
With this line of defense , antitrust experts say , Microsoft is playing a strong hand .
I.B.M .
Amazon 's Chief Agrees To Play Barbecue Chef
Linux and its open-source cousins , analysts say , could yet batter Microsoft 's profit margins and growth .
GTE Sues Netscape and Yahoo Over Internet Yellow Pages Access
Nike is hoping Cleveland Cavaliers rookie guard LeBron James , who was given as much as $ 100 million to endorse shoes , can carry on former star player Michael Jordan 's unparalleled marketing success for company ; photos ( M )
Intel and Microsoft are the first stocks traded on the Nasdaq to join the Dow , ending the monopoly of New York Stock Exchange-listed companies in the average .
Some McDonald 's restaurants in New York metropolitan area , in effort to attract dieters , begin displaying posters and brochures that show how company 's products can fit into low-carbohydrate , low-fat and low-calorie meal plans ; Burger King Corp is scheduled to announce low-fat , low-carbohydrate , low-calorie menu platform next week ( M )
General Motors said today that expenses related to its pension plan would triple from $ 1 billion to nearly $ 3 billion this year .
Annual worldwide spending on the brand , sold in many countries as Coca-Cola Light , was estimated at $ 100 million .
For example , Mike Murphy , a longtime ad salesman , is now the chief revenue officer of Facebook , and Gideon Yu , Yahoo 's treasurer , quit last month to become chief financial officer of YouTube .
Jim Lane , an analyst at Salomon Smith Barney , said that for Aetna shareholders pondering the talks between Aetna and ING , the central question was not the ''minutiae '' of credit ratings and tax planning , but the underlying value of Aetna 's health care unit .
chip-making plants , according to Modest Oprysko , a manager in communication technology at I.B.M .
Yahoo 's role in the prosecution of Mr. Shi was first reported in July by Boxun , a Web site run by overseas Chinese , and was repeated Tuesday by Reporters Without Borders , a media watchdog group .
''By putting some of the prior bad feelings behind them , Aetna will be that much more successful in having the broad network that consumers are looking for . ''
Each new generation of its microprocessor -- the electronic brain in about 85 percent of personal computers -- represents a huge investment by Intel .
I.B.M .
And Bill Gates , Microsoft 's chairman and a leading philanthropist for the third world , has questioned whether the concept is ''just taking what we do in the rich world '' and assuming that that is something good for the developing world , too .
In a column posted on Be 's Web site on Thursday , Mr. Gassee made a proposal to any computer maker willing to confront Microsoft 's stringent licensing requirements : his company will license its Be operating system free for one year to any computer maker willing to install it on new machines and make it an option for buyers to select the first time they switch on the PC .
Later licensing deals to use Spyglass technology on other operating systems , including Apple 's Macintosh and Windows 3.1 , and a final payment for all future use brought the total that Microsoft paid to Spyglass to $ 13.1 million .
I THOUGHT I had my cable company , Comcast , dead to rights .
Aaron Payne , who earned $ 6.25 an hour working in the sporting goods department of a Wal-Mart in Camden , S.C. , said the assistant manager made him work many hours last summer without pay .
At its big data center outside Chicago , Allstate has I.B.M .
Analysts had expected Oracle to earn 26 cents in the quarter , according to First Call/Thomson Financial .
's famous research division , like so many parts of the company , has been reshaped and refocused since Louis V. Gerstner Jr. took over as the chairman of the International Business Machines Corporation five years ago .
Since LVMH 's market value was 27 billion euros , the judges found , ''the discount of 10 percent recommended by Morgan Stanley represents 2.7 billion euros . ''
Mr. Jobs said he thought the deal would prove to be good for both companies and their customers and , according to a Microsoft official who heard the call , expressed his respect for Mr. Gates and his decision to invest in Apple .
''We felt it was important to have a very open , very honest debate on this very important subject , '' said Rick Miller , a spokesman for Microsoft .
Cheval , the French word for horse , morphed into ''chreview '' as it passed through Yahoo 's filter .
If the online travel agencies Expedia and Orbitz , and traditional offline mega-agencies like American Express , Navigant International and Rosenbluth International have their way , the Ally Hayneses of corporate America will soon start flocking their way .
Waste Management , which is still audited by Andersen , said it was pleased the issue had been resolved .
Former Bank of America chief Rudolph Peterson dies at age 98 ; photo ( M )
''The Motorola semiconductor business you see today is not one you 'd assemble if you were starting from scratch , '' said Matthew Hoffman of Soundview Technologies , a research firm in Stamford , Conn. ''I think investors are going to assume that there is a second wave to this split-up . ''
Mr. Heyer has spent a considerable amount of time creating a new marketing campaign for Coca-Cola Classic .
Interpublic began its search for a chief operating officer in November , when the extent of those challenges was just becoming clear .
Goldman Sachs , which has longstanding ties with the Sumitomo banking group , says it hopes to make a profit by rehabilitating the borrowers and repackaging the loans into potentially lucrative investments , like asset-backed securities .
Comcast is developing a campaign that will attempt to prove that the network is too expensive and too provincial to be broadly distributed .
`` Under Lars 's leadership and with a sound strategy and strong team in place , I believe GIS can meet the challenges it faces and make a valuable contribution to AT & T , '' said Robert E. Allen , the company 's chairman , in a statement .
McDonald 's will open only about 360 restaurants in 2003 , compared with more than 1,000 in 2002 , a strategy he said would make the company achieve growth by being ''better , not just bigger . ''
They said the freeze in base pay in the first year , which would lower the wage base in later years , would save Verizon another $ 500 million during the contract .
Time Warner in South Africa TV Venture
But the unions say Verizon already has plenty of flexibility , noting that it has cut 15,000 union jobs since 2000 through attrition and buyouts .
Advanced Micro said the International Business Machines Corporation and the Compaq Computer Corporation had already committed themselves to using the Athlon in some computers .
New Wares For Corning
General Motors sharply criticized the Bush administration 's top automobile regulator today for questioning the safety of some sport utility vehicles , signaling a surprising rift between the auto industry and the administration .
Intel will demonstrate on Monday an experimental computer chip with 80 separate processing engines , or cores , that company executives say provides a model for commercial chips that will be used widely in standard desktop , laptop and server computers within five years .
In the memorandum , which was sent to employees of Citifinancial , the consumer-lending arm of Citigroup which now includes former Associates ' branches , Mr. Willumstad also said Citifinancial 's pilot program in Illinois and Maryland to limit brokers ' fees and certain other upfront fees to 3 percent of the loan value appeared to be failing badly .
''Since most countries are producing at full capacity and prices have fallen off a little , OPEC may consider that its policy is working , '' said Irene Himona , an analyst at Morgan Stanley in London .
Morgan Stanley and other big Wall Street firms agreed in late 2002 to a $ 1.4 billion settlement with regulators over charges that analysts published misleading stock research .
And they did n't bypass Wal-Mart .
In two places , they are marked : ''Uses Kodak Film , '' a calculated statement since any 35-millimeter film would fit .
Microsoft 's drive into the health care market is just getting under way , but the company signaled yesterday that one important ingredient in its plan will be a specialized search engine tailored to deliver useful medical information to consumers .
Felix Miller , the agency lawyer in charge of the Allstate case , would not comment on whether a government suit was being prepared .
Employees of the AT & T Corporation have learned through the years that when their bosses announce a restructuring , layoffs will follow as predictably as thunder follows lightning .
Insisting that its struggling publishing company is not for sale , the News Corporation announced yesterday that it would take a $ 270 million charge against earnings for the 1997 fiscal year to revamp its HarperCollins unit .
They were also tested for durability : Microsoft tested the dolls in a dryer , tumbling them ( without heat ) for up to 12 hours .
At the show , Mr. Jobs said nothing about Apple 's licensing plans .
A.T. & T. beat out companies like Siemens of Germany and Alcatel of France .
If the United States is indeed moving toward what Vice President Al Gore calls a national information infrastructure , the AT & T Corporation may be emerging as the principal architect .
Kodak 's stock closed at $ 62.5625 , up $ 1.8125 .
Warden , Microsoft 's lead counsel in the case , produced several other E-mail messages and memos suggesting that Netscape and Microsoft had both plunged into planning for the June 21 meeting .
''The general opinion is if you want to be a filmmaker , you 'd be better off taking a production assistant job , and learn by doing , '' Ms. Breaw said during a break from classes at the University of Southern California 's School of Cinema-Television , where she is in the final year of the three-year master 's program .
Aetna sold its financial services and international businesses to the ING Group of the Netherlands for $ 7.7 billion last year and spun off its health care business to shareholders .
Now , if all goes as planned , there will soon be two major railroads in the West , Burlington Northern and Union Pacific , and two in the East , CSX and Norfolk Southern .
Has Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation been left behind in the digital age ?
The six companies that sent representatives to the meeting on Tuesday in the Roosevelt Room of the White House were Genentech , Genzyme , Eli Lilly , Merck , Pharmacia & Upjohn and Warner-Lambert .
The European Commission could fine Microsoft up to 10 percent of its revenues , or more than $ 3 billion , and force the company to share technical information with competitors .
The Omnicom Group said yesterday that it had promoted Susan Smith Ellis , executive vice president at its Diversified Agency Services division , to executive vice president at Omnicom .
The I.B.M .
Exxon , meanwhile , said yesterday that its net income fell 13 percent , a smaller decline than analysts had expected .
The intent of each of these industry proposals would be to make it more difficult for Microsoft to use its market power from Windows as a lever to gain advantage over rivals in new markets .
All of them put together stole only market-share crumbs from Apple .
The 261-seat planes belong to Scandinavian Airlines , one of several non-American carriers using an in-flight , high-speed Internet service called Connexion , developed by Boeing for its own commercial jetliners .
Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column describes her frustrating experience attempting to purchase laptop computer from IBM through its poorly-designed Web site ( M )
For its part , Pfizer has tried in recent weeks to oust members of the Warner-Lambert board and replace them with directors supporting Pfizer 's offer .
Eliot Spitzer , the New York attorney general , said through a spokeswoman that he had talked to Time Warner Cable and Cablevision , which owns MSG and FSNY , and might increase his involvement .
The article also reported that Cisco was willing to forgo competing in the core telecommunications markets for big phone switches and corporate phone systems in return for any potential partner 's agreeing to refrain from moving into Cisco 's main product area : high-speed Internet switches .
The AT & T Corporation has proposed ringing the continent of Africa with a grid of undersea fiber optic cables to improve communications among African countries and between Africa and the rest of the world .
And analysts expected little lasting effect on I.B.M .
The heart of the suit , Government officials say , is that Microsoft 's Windows operating system and its Internet browser , Explorer , are separate products .
Only a few planes , like a Boeing 777 or an Airbus A320 , have such ''fly by wire '' systems , also called F.B.W .
Qwest is helping build Frontier 's network and there were delays last year .
Although Boston Scientific says it has fixed the problem with the device , yesterday 's voluntary recall -- the third by the company since July -- did little to allay lingering concerns among doctors who use the stent , and among investors , who pushed the company 's share price down more than 6 percent .
Today , after Scott Borduin , vice president of Autodesk , a software developer , testified that Microsoft already provided enough technical support and training to software developers , lawyers for the states released an e-mail message in which he criticized the company for dropping support for the Java programming language in Windows XP .
He would not say how much News Corporation was spending on the new site , nor would he say how much the company had invested to date .
The rise in Yahoo 's shares is forcing many traditional investors to rethink their long-held views about how to look at stock prices .
''We share this $ 225 billion market with H. P. and Canon and Xerox and Lexmark and many others , and none of us have more than an 8 percent share , '' said Carl E. Gustin Jr. , Kodak 's chief marketing officer .
Continuing a yearlong drop , Yahoo 's advertising revenue was $ 121 million , down 15 percent for the year .
Two archrivals in the chip-making business , Hynix Semiconductor and Micron Technology , have begun negotiations on a strategic alliance that the chief executive of Hynix , Park Chong Sup , predicted today would ''change the landscape of the chip industry . ''
Cisco Systems reports fiscal fourth-quarter net income of $ 163 million on $ 4.3 billion revenue , in line with expectations ; earned $ 1.2 billion a year ago ; company 's assessment of likelihood of recovery is imprecise ; shares slip in after-hours trading , following release of report ; photo ( M )
''At this point , we ca n't out-sentimentalize Kodak . ''
Merck stopped selling Vioxx last September after a clinical study disclosed heart risks that the company said were its first conclusive evidence of the drug 's safety problems .
The market endorsed the merger of Marsh & McLennan with Johnson & Higgins , which was privately held , by bidding up Marsh & McLennan shares $ 7 , to $ 129 .
Procter & Gamble Co is consolidating its worldwide Pamers diaper-products account at Saatchi & Saatchi in New York ; some duties had previously been handled by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ( S )
Over all , Wal-Mart said , 636,391 employees are enrolled in company insurance plans .
Peter F. Karches , a longtime top executive of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company and one of its biggest individual shareholders , has resigned as head of its businesses that cater to institutional customers .
Cadillac division of General Motors Corp names Berlin Cameron & Partners in New York to handle broadcast television introduction for its 1999 Escalade luxury sport utility vehicle ( S )
One important task looming for Lowe Lintas will be to help Verizon develop a theme for all its campaigns .
They considered an Apple-branded mobile phone service that would piggyback on the Cingular network , but rejected the idea .
Yesterday , the shares closed at $ 41.07 , almost 6 percent lower than they were the day Mr. Nardelli arrived at Home Depot in December 2000 .
Microsoft 's Defense Is in Its Software Code
Before the filing of the lawsuit and the disclosure of those results , Johnson & Johnson had indicated that it was interested in paying in the low $ 60 's and Guidant had said it was unwilling to accept anything less than the high $ 60 's .
As in previous quarters , Amazon executives said sales growth was helped by a continued increase in memberships in Amazon Prime , a program offering unlimited two-day shipping for an annual fee of $ 79 .
But now that Minute Maid is being revamped as a healthier juice drink , Coke executives have revived Fanta in the United States to fight for market share in the flavored beverage wars .
Resignation of Citigroup president James Dimon , who was assigned to smooth out merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group , may signal strain at Citigroup ; there is speculation that Steven D Black , senior Citigroup executive , and other executives close to Dimon are considering quitting ; co-chief executives John S Reed and Sanford I Weill decline to comment , though in interview on Nov 1 both spoke fondly of Dimon and optimistically of Citigroup 's prospects ; chart ; photos ( M )
Companies that try to do deals with Yahoo also say they find it to be slow , demanding and inconsistent in negotiations .
Compressed Data ; Site Compiles an Amazon Best-Seller List
Analysts said Microsoft would probably be most interested in the long-term potential of Claria 's personalization software rather than its pop-up ads .
Ms. Halahan said her group estimated that 1.9 million square feet of industrial space was available in the county but that there was demand for 7 million square feet , excluding Wal-Mart 's planned project .
Johnson & Johnson sent a letter to doctors on Monday night advising them about rare cases of life-threatening blood clots linked to its new drug-coated stent , a fast-selling device used to keep blood flowing through the arteries .
Overcoming big paper losses on some of its investments , the Goldman Sachs Group rode its best performance in investment banking to a 21 percent increase in net income in its fiscal second quarter from a year earlier .
''We continue to believe that the agreed-upon Johnson & Johnson deal represents a better offer for Guidant Corporation , '' Mr. Weldon said in a statement released Sunday .
But in a reflection of the anxiety surrounding Intel 's prospects , its shares declined $ 1.6875 today in regular Nasdaq trading , to $ 80.6875 .
The agency , an affiliate of Fallon McElligott in Minneapolis , handles other Coca-Cola brands like Diet Sprite and Fresca .
Corporate shareholders , spurred on by coalition of environmental and religious groups , have filed 31 global warming resolutions with 23 companies in US this year and 5 in Canada ; companies include auto manufacturers , electric power companies and oil companies ; resolutions have not been approved in most cases , but they are measure of increasing intensity of shareholders ' challenges to corporations to respond to environmental concerns ; recent resolutions on environment introduced by shareholders of Exxon Mobil and Southern Co noted ( M )
An I.B.M .
After Dow Corning sought permission in May 1995 to reorganize and discharge all of its liabilities under the protection of Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code , the other defendants in the litigation , including Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Baxter International , negotiated a new $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion plan that did not include Dow Corning .
Over time , the scope of AT & T 's self-examination and its intense desire to start out with a tabula rasa could have a more profound impact than the sweeping reduction planned in its work force .
Mark Siegel , a spokesman for the AT & T Corporation in Dayton , Ohio , said `` it seemed the next logical thing to do '' because FCB/Leber Katz had handled the introduction of the Global Information name and the new strategy of the computer and communications subsidiary earlier this year .
Schering-Plough Corp says profits rose 22 percent , to $ 432 million in third quarter , compared with $ 353 million in year-earlier quarter ; Bristol-Myers Squibb Co says net income rose 13 percent in quarter , to $ 966 million from $ 855 million a year ago ; American Home Products Corp says profits rose 12 percent , to $ 619 million , compared with $ 552.5 million in year-earlier period ; SmithKline Beecham Corp reports 10 percent gain in net income , to $ 441 million , up from $ 401 million ; chart ( M )
Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines in Miami , part of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. , said yesterday that it had awarded its integrated marketing account to Arnold Communications in Boston .
Cisco has tried to add optical networking gear to its offerings with its acquisitions the last year of the Cerent Corporation , Monterey Networks and a unit of Pirelli of Italy , but it remains a minor player in that market .
It was after those findings that Merck pulled Vioxx off the market in September 2004 .
The processor , Mr. Jobs noted today , is also the foundation for the company 's software developments that will be based on a new version of its OS X operating system -- called Panther -- that Apple plans to begin selling for $ 129 before the end of the year .
Microsoft Corp announces changes to controversial new volume licensing program ; most notable change is extension of customer deadline for upgrading to program , called Software Assurance ; customers running Office 2000 will not be forced to upgrade new Office XP to be eligible ( S )
AT & T Earnings Beat Forecasts Despite Slow Market for Mobile Phones
A Citigroup executive in Tokyo conceded that the top managers in the country had lost control of the private banking group .
At Morgan Stanley in 1997 , he pushed for a deal with the retail brokerage firm Dean Witter , was assured the top job , but failed to secure it when the board , backed by his opponent 's supporters , apparently changed its mind .
Lukoil and ConocoPhillips are already setting dates to meet with investors and the press in the United States this week , according to an outside public relations firm for Lukoil .
Boeing designed its business jets to have an impressive fuel capacity , which means more time in the air without refueling .
Ford Motor Co tells Volvo AB that it would be interested in acquiring Volvo 's car division if it were put for sale , but no formal offer has been made nor has Volvo expressed desire to open negotiations ( M )
Sarah J. Friedel , a spokeswoman for Harvard , said that to date the university had not heard from Oracle or Mr. Ellison 's office directly regarding reports that he would not be making the donation .
Burr-Brown is a leader in analog chips , as is Texas Instruments , but the two companies ' product lines are complementary rather than overlapping in most areas .
is expected to ease the regulations governing television station and newspaper ownership in the same market .
Is Microsoft charting a new course for its MSN online service ?
The most expensive of those came in the management of the pretrial proceedings of a suit filed by the financier Ronald O. Perelman , who claimed that Morgan Stanley had been an active participant in a fraud organized by Albert J. Dunlap when Mr. Dunlap was running Sunbeam , which led to Mr. Perelman ending up with worthless Sunbeam stock .
One of the more revealing memos among the newly released documents showed that Darleen Druyun , then the principal deputy assistant secretary of the Air Force for acquisition and management , told Boeing to ''keep in mind '' that an Airbus bid was $ 5 million to $ 17 million cheaper per airplane than a basic Boeing 767 .
On June 12 , Agilent switched over to the new system , but in a way that could hardly be called seamless .
Wal-Mart 's decision to close store in Jonquiere , Quebec , this spring because of low store revenue and escalating union demands is having much broader impact across Canada and even in US ; closing -- first of a Wal-Mart in Canada -- is strategic retreat for retailer in its war with organized labor ; at least three other Wal-Mart outlets in Quebec have received bomb threats since Jonquiere closing announcement , forcing evacuations and losses in sales ; union leaders say Wal-Martn is using Jonquiere as example to whip workers into line at second Wal-Mart store outside Montreal that successfully organized in January and in more than 20 other outlets in at least three provinces where organizing efforts have begun ; they also claim that 17-to-1 vote against unionization at Wal-Mart Tire and Lube Express in Loveland , Colo , in late February because workers feared organizing union could mean loss of their jobs ; photo ( M )
In Agilent 's earnings announcement last week , the company said the transition cost it $ 105 million in lost revenue in the quarter .
Already , there have been signs of increasing pressure on Intel , as Advanced Micro Devices , Cyrix and other chip makers that make clones of the Intel product line have continued to harry the company , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif. , with increasingly competitive products .
Wall Street analysts tend to brush aside these one-time investment write-offs because Microsoft 's cash position is so strong .
The memo acknowledged an earlier effort by Microsoft to shift its strategy that led to the Justice Department 's antitrust lawsuit of the late 1990 's .
James Murdoch , the 30-year-old son of Rupert Murdoch , chairman of the News Corporation , has applied for the top job at British Sky Broadcasting Group , someone close to BSkyB said .
While state regulators have only begun to look into how Morgan Stanley rewards its brokers for selling its funds , federal scrutiny of the firm began last fall .
Verizon Communications , the region 's largest telephone company , laid off 2,700 workers in New York and New Jersey yesterday .
Japan Airlines Orders Boeing 's New Jet
More important , services now account for 41 percent of I.B.M .
Part of the Dayton Hudson Corporation of Minneapolis , Target has grown more than tenfold in a decade in the number of its stores .
Jim Cullinan , a Microsoft public relations executive , spotted it that day at 12:14 P.M .
Cisco Systems Inc will introduce its first national television advertising campaign , created by Goldberg Moser O'Neill ( S )
I.B.M .
Patents column on increasing importance of trade secrets to world economies ; to protect trade secrets , many owners deliberately choose not to patent their ideas , since patent applications must include explanation of how to make and use invention ; some famous trade secrets include recipe for Kentucky Fried Chicken , Coca-Cola 's syrup formula and recipe for McDonald 's Big Mac special sauce ; photo ( M )
To convince the rank and file of Congress , Microsoft last month set up a razzle-dazzle display of high-definition television , with Microsoft software , in the Rayburn Building .
Microsoft will spend an estimated $ 50 million beginning this week to advertise a new price promotion intended to persuade America Online customers to switch to Microsoft 's MSN Internet access .
Yahoo and Amazon , which have long sold cheap Internet storefronts to small businesses , sweetened the deal by listing the businesses on their sites in return for a sales commission .
Yesterday 's indictment charges that Mr. St. Germain , while at I.B.M .
The Octagon sports marketing unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies named Frank Craighill to the new position of president .
Analysts said that the Qwest deal would generate up to $ 2 billion for I.B.M .
In a statement , Boston Scientific 's chairman , Peter M. Nicholas , called on Guidant 's board to accept the bid and suggested it would not be fulfilling its fiduciary duty if it did not do so .
But Johnson & Johnson has been active in similar arrangements .
End Seen for Rule That AT & T Must Disclose Its Price Plans
Intuit will continue to offer the Web-based Quicken Bill Manager , but the service will now be processed by Princeton eCom , which will share revenue from the service with Intuit .
In 2002 , Citigroup agreed to pay $ 215 million to about two million clients to settle Federal Trade Commission charges that Associates First Capital deceived borrowers into taking overpriced mortgages and credit insurance from 1995 to 2000 -- before the Citigroup acquisition .
Three major hubs -- Yahoo , Lycos and Google -- issued their year-end reports last week .
Corning 's Clinical Laboratories Division had about $ 1.6 billion in sales last year , about half of the company 's total revenues .
Nike is given high marks for improving air quality at its plant in Vietnam by Dara O'Rourke , environmental researcher who badly hurt company 's image in 1997 when he exposed unsafe conditions at factory ; O'Rourke says some problems remain , but that factory improved ventilation , reduced use of hazardous chemicals and trained managers on safety issues ; praises company for allowing critic like him to inspect factory ; Nike invites O'Rourke to visit any of its 37 footwear factories in Asia ; Nike 's factory in Vietnam is owned and operated by Korean contractor ( M )
I.B.M .
In the courtroom earlier , the Microsoft witness on the stand , Richard L. Schmalensee , dean of the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , dismissed Mr. Gates 's comment as barely relevant .
A few days later , the Microsoft contingent arrived in New York , including Mr. Foreman and David A. Heiner , a Microsoft lawyer .
Rupert Murdoch , the News Corporation 's chairman and chief executive , has made clear that his company is eager to build its presence on the Internet .
Search and other advertising brings in about 40 percent of eBay 's traffic .
Procter already combines its own brands on many of its own products , like Tide With Febreze and Tide With Downy , but Gillette does not .
It looked at Seattle , where Vulcan Inc. , owned by Mr. Allen , who is no longer active in Microsoft , is redeveloping the aging South Lake Union neighborhood adjacent to downtown .
Declines in Exxon Mobil , Johnson & Johnson and Merck more than offset gains in Intel , J. P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup .
Kodak shares rose $ 1.13 , to $ 26.58 .
By extending the research vision of the company outward on projects that might not have an impact for a decade or even longer , Mr. Myhrvold acknowledged , the payoff might actually go to other companies besides Microsoft .
Although only one computer 's files are actually copied to Apple TV , you can still play back the iTunes libraries of five other computers by streaming -- playing them through Apple TV without copying them .
said that Andersen knew that Waste Management was exaggerating its profits throughout the early and mid-1990 's , and repeatedly pleaded with the company to make changes .
Michael Ramsay , the chief executive who had opposed the deal with Comcast , is no longer chief but will stay on as chairman .
Microsoft will not say so , but antitrust considerations may have played a role in the decision that Mr. Allchin called the right thing to do .
Mr. Hollander said plans were in the works at the CBS Corporation , which is better known for its television network , to begin integrating some of its video programming into the radio division 's Web sites .
The performance provided some encouragement that I.B.M .
The Procter & Gamble Company and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. , a biotechnology company that has had trouble bringing promising research to market , said yesterday that they had signed a 10-year agreement to jointly develop and market new drugs .
Unlike cable companies and Verizon , which send every channel to every set-top box , AT & T only sends selected channels to the home .
Says Merck Deal Cut Competition
Mr. Donahoe has led the acquisition of companies like the ticket exchange StubHub , helping eBay morph from a single auction-oriented marketplace into a portfolio of retail sites .
''We started out with the idea of a product to keep track of stuff , '' said Mr. Wozniak , the 52-year-old engineer who was the technical brains behind the first Apple computer in 1976 .
Mr. Grinberg said the Allstate lawsuit was distinctive in part because only about 5 percent of the agency 's lawsuits are related to age discrimination .
Wal-Mart Stores , the nation 's largest retailer , said sales had increased around 6 percent , at the high end of its predicted range , and other discounters also reported strong growth .
This is not the first time Sony appears to have outmaneuvered Microsoft to better position PlayStation 2 , which has sold 33 million consoles compared with the 3.9 million consoles Microsoft reported in June .
RealNetworks Inc , whose products deliver audio and video content over the Web , is suing company that makes software that converts RealNetworks ' products into format marketed by rival , Microsoft Corp ; RealNetworks ' suit accuses Streambox Inc of violating several laws intended to protect intellectual property , including Digital Millennium Copyright Act ; federal judge in Seattle , where RealNetworks is based , has issued temporary restraining order preventing Streambox from developing , producing or selling software ; hearing is scheduled for Jan 7 ( M )
Microsoft has a core strength in software .
Yet reflecting the sharp slowdown in the industry , profits were well below the same quarter last year , when Apple earned $ 200 million , or 55 cents a share .
The government was holding out on the sale to encourage Boeing and Airbus to invest in Russian factories , which both companies did .
Also in August , a Federal jury awarded Exxon $ 171 million in the patent-infringement case , which Mobil said it would appeal .
Mr. Schacht , who spent 30 years at Cummins before stepping down last February , has been on AT & T 's board of directors since 1981 .
It was a record number of downgrades , nearly three times what Moody 's reported for the same period last year , and more than five times as many as in the first quarter of 2001 .
In the meeting yesterday , at Yahoo 's headquarters in Sunnyvale , Calif. , the company spent much of its time outlining plans for new premium services it intends to introduce to its Web portal later this year .
Boeing 's system adds 600 to 800 pounds to the plane .
Microsoft -- in the midst of a bitter rivalry with Google and Yahoo -- snapped into action this April , saying the company would spend about $ 2 billion on new technologies to reinvigorate itself .
Connecticut-based software supplier Bristol Technology Inc sues Microsoft Corp contending that Microsoft has violated Sherman Act by illegally seeking to protect and expand its dominance in market for desktop software for personal computers ( M )
Today 's action casts doubt on a program that , according to Wall Street analysts , could have brought up to $ 2 billion in operating profits to Boeing initially and two to three times that amount if the 767 tanker program -- involving reconfiguring passenger jets to carry fuel -- were expanded to replace the entire Air Force fleet of 500 tankers , not just the 100 oldest .
Merck Accepts F.T.C .
The Microsoft dictionary stated that a Web browser is an ''application that allows users '' to navigate the Internet .
In a trial already under way in Boston , Amgen is trying to stop TKT from using this technique to produce a version of Amgen 's huge-selling anemia drug , erythropoietin .
Mr. Paulson 's reliance on Mr. Thain 's skills was underlined this January when Goldman Sachs invested $ 1.2 billion in Sumitomo Mitsui , a Japanese financial institution , in a deal that gave Goldman the ability to use its balance sheet more aggressively by lending money to corporate clients .
Merck , which has a different trial team here than it did in Texas , will not publicly discuss its strategy in this case .
Universal Serial Bus ( USBA ) technology lets all computer devices , such as printer , scanner and mouse , plug into single connector ; USB consists of pair of tiny rectangular ports and software that allows system to recognize devices after they are plugged in ; it was devised by industry group led by Intel and Microsoft ; down side is that older peripherals that are not configured for USB will not work in these ports ; SCSI ( small computer system interface ) can also handle several pieces of hardware chained to one connector ; it is faster portal than USB , but it is an older technology with inherent limitations that can make it difficult to connect and use for multiple low-speed devices ; photos ( M )
And Yahoo bought Geocities , which gave away Web home pages , for $ 4 billion .
The three largest local phone companies , Verizon , SBC and BellSouth , have all announced cuts in jobs and investments in their networks .
The slowdown results because Web developers delay adding cutting-edge technology to their sites until Microsoft and Netscape agree to make their browser technology compatible , under pressure from users and the World Wide Web Consortium , the industry 's standards-setting organization .
Nevertheless , shares in Halliburton fell 65 cents on Tuesday , or more than 2 percent , closing at $ 29.47 .
While invoking Verizon 's name directly gives them free publicity , Cingular gets high marks from industry consultants for its clear-cut approach to the rivalry .
The Ford Motor Company 's efforts to trim its bloated cost structure and revitalize its operations showed signs of progress yesterday as the company reported first-quarter results that were double Wall Street 's expectations .
''The Barbie brand is frighteningly relevant , '' said Mr. Scothon , the new general manager for girls ' toys at Mattel .
Back in Redmond , Microsoft 's Profit Machine Keeps Humming
A Texas Supreme Court ruling last month in Wal-Mart v. Sturges now requires plaintiffs to prove that a third party , in addition to meddling , has broken the law in its attempt to gate-crash .
Vornado Reported to Be in Talks for Barney 's
By that measure , I.B.M .
Microsoft Says Antitrust Case Is 'Fantastical '
Windows 98 will come with an even more tightly integrated Explorer browser , although Microsoft contends that the issue is moot because , it says , the Windows 98 Explorer is no longer technically a browser .
Microsoft advises the owners of any computer system , but especially systems that are more than a year old , to check first with the computer maker or with Microsoft before installing the upgrade .
AT & T has refused , perhaps fearful that Comcast would take charge of the combined business .
Danka to Buy Part of Kodak Copier Unit for $ 684 Million
On Aug. 3 , I.B.M .
The partnership between the Tupperware Corporation and Target stores , represents the first time Tupperware has been sold in a national retail store .
''I think one of the biggest reasons behind Amazon 's success is the fact that they do have brand momentum -- Amazon gets a tremendous amount of free publicity , '' Mr. Brown said .
Though it was supposed to be the back office of Bank of America , the number was for a Singapore law office , according to a foreign exchange executive who has seen the fake confirmation .
In Amazon.com 's vast customer review database , their books get as many raves as pans .
The sale has already generated interest among potential buyers , according to CBS .
Sure , Coca-Cola has been available in South Africa for 60 years and West Africa for 30 , and its trademark glass bottles turn up in Ugandan villages , Madagascar roadside huts and Zairean refugee camps .
Rick Jacobs , the chairman of Brave New Films , which is distributing the film , said he was considering filing charges against Wal-Mart and the consultant for attempted piracy .
Oracle 's chairman and chief executive , Larry Ellison , said six months ago that the company would transform itself into an Internet company by moving most sales to the Worldwide Web , replacing multiple computer systems around the world with central Internet-based servers and procuring supplies electronically .
The earlier machine was designed around the cathode-ray tube , which Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's chief executive , pronounced dead today .
''This goes way beyond anything that we have ever done before , '' said Laurence Kirshbaum , chairman of Time Warner Trade Publishing and himself an avid fan of Mr. Welch .
''Procter & Gamble is a new advertiser for us , '' said Chris De Wolfe , chief executive at MySpace in Los Angeles .
But the nation 's personal computer makers -- and the Microsoft Corporation 's relationship with them -- will be the main topic of discussion as the two sides warily approach each other to see if there is some way to settle the antitrust suit against Microsoft , according to lawyers close to the case .
Justice Department 's antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp began in November 1989 , when a Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawyer , Norris Washington , notice that IBM and Microsoft were colluding to divide operating-system market -- a potential violation of antitrust law ; photo ( M )
Texas Instruments agreed last month to sell its memory-chip operations to the rival Micron Technology Inc. for $ 641 million in stock plus $ 190 million in debt .
Amazon itself will not stock or ship any sporting goods items .
Mr. Miller 's performance record has driven Legg Mason 's success in two ways .
The general counsel of the Free Software Foundation , which holds the license to Linux , yesterday called on Microsoft to alter its pledge not to file patent-infringement suits against customers who use Novell 's version of Linux , called SuSe Linux .
Even former Apple executives -- and there are a lot of former Apple executives these days -- were toting Windows-based laptops .
The study , released today by Express Scripts of St. Louis , said about half of the total increase in drug spending was a result of higher costs for a typical prescription .
The downgrade by Moody 's Investor Service reinforces the notion that Ford , one of the nation 's largest corporate borrowers , faces an increasingly uncertain financial outlook as the American auto industry loses its grip at home .
Wrigley will deliver the gum to checkout aisles and convenience stores ; Procter will put it in drugstore toothpaste aisles .
MICROSOFT PLANS JAVA OFFENSIVE
The disparate parts of the new company 's asset management business are spread over a wide area , with Van Kampen in Chicago , American Capital in Houston , Miller Anderson in Philadelphia and Morgan Stanley and Dean Witter in New York .
A manager of a Wal-Mart 's store in Medford , N.Y. , asked about Wal-Mart 's repeated failure to gain zoning variances and other government permits to open its first store in New York City .
Players with hard drives , like Apple 's popular iPod , the Creative Nomad Jukebox Zen or the Philips Electronics HDD100 , pack 10 gigabytes of memory or more into cases that range in size from a deck of cards to a large personal organizer .
Oracle may be pursuing a Microsoft-like strategy , but the corporate market is more diverse and less likely to be dominated by a single company .
For Oracle to prevail and have the pill rescinded , the company will need to convince Judge Strine that PeopleSoft 's board was not acting in the interest of shareholders when it rejected Oracle 's tender offers , but in its own interests or that of the company 's management , Mr. Coates said .
Advertising Age listed them as Media Edge , part of WPP ; Optimum Media Direction , part of the Omnicom Group ; and Zenith Media , owned by the Cordiant Communications Group and the Publicis Groupe .
Since the acquisition , NCR has hired about 2,000 of the 7,000 people who once worked for A.T. & T. computer systems , and it has incorporated some of its products .
Cisco has been one of the key drivers of the convergence between the voice and data-networking industries .
Mr. Roche , who started his 44-year career in the auto industry as a statistician , led General Motors through the social turbulence that troubled Detroit and the rest of the country in the late 1960 's .
Hoping to win more time to mount a campaign in opposition , AT & T rented Constitution Hall from the Daughters of the American Revolution in downtown Washington for a huge morning pep rally attended by a large platoon of managers who had been transported from New York and New Jersey for the occasion -- all wearing blue or red T-shirts and organized with military precision into 120 groups .
Mr. Smith said Microsoft had not yet approached antitrust officials in the United States about its worries about Google 's purchase of DoubleClick .
John Riccitiello , 47 , who was Electronic Arts ' president until he left in 2004 to work in the private equity business , will succeed Mr. Probst , the company said .
An agency executive , Michael McLaren , executive vice president and worldwide account director for Microsoft , said Office needed a big branding campaign to make people focus on it .
Before the Feb. 5 merger announcement , Mr. Duff had been tapped to run Van Kampen/American Capital , but after the agreement on the Dean Witter-Morgan Stanley combination , Mr. Mack , the president of Morgan Stanley , decided to keep him as Morgan Stanley 's chief financial officer and charge him with helping manage the integration of the two companies .
Oracle officials said that they anticipated business in general would accelerate and that the company would not trip over some of the stumbling blocks that have hampered other technology companies , including Microsoft , which warned today that its earnings would not meet earlier expectations .
Others who attended a screening of ''61* '' on Monday included MAYOR RUDOLPH W. GIULIANI ; DONALD J. TRUMP and MELANIA KNAUSS ; MICHELE LEE ; STANLEY TUCCI ; AIDA TURTURRO , BUD SELIG , the commissioner of baseball ; FAY S. VINCENT , the former commissioner ; and such present and former Yankees as CLAY BELLINGER , DEREK JETER , CHUCK KNOBLAUCH , TINO MARTINEZ , JORGE POSADA , JOE TORRE , YOGI BERRA and WHITEY FORD .
Wells Fargo will buy $ 34 billion in assets managed by Strong Financial , which has played prominent role in probes into mutual fund industry ; analysts estimate that Wells Fargo will initially pay $ 500 million and make additional payments later as long as Strong 's assets retain their value ( M )
How did Microsoft get hold of my wish list ? ''
So the site said it would spend the first $ 349.99 it raised on Amazon to buy a gas grill ( Weber 2241001 Black Genesis ) and present it to Mr. Bezos -- as long as he agreed to throw a barbecue for the humor site .
For Southern , the impact of the poor rating could be enhanced scrutiny by regulators , which could in turn make Southern 's stock price fall or make it harder for the company to raise money .
With publicity nine-tenths of the law , Be 's flamboyant founder and chairman , Jean-Louis Gassee , has come up with a novel way to test Microsoft 's hypothesis .
Rob Fixmer column assesses Microsoft Corp 's Office 2000 , a complete overhaul of its suite of so-called productivity applications ; says it is a clear improvement -- with a few new irritations -- and makes excellent use of Microsoft 's integration of its Web browser into Windows 98 operating system ; drawing ( M )
Bank of America , based in Charlotte , N.C. , spends about $ 600 million a year on all forms of marketing , making it one of Interpublic 's largest clients , along with Coca-Cola , General Motors , Nestlé and Unilever .
The presiding judge in the Microsoft antitrust trial today tentatively set May 10 as the date for the trial to resume and laid out a longer timetable for additional testimony , oral arguments and written submissions , virtually insuring that the trial will not end much before 2000 .
There were unconfirmed reports that Apple had suspended production of the 292-MHz and 250-MHz versions of the G3 Powerbooks and stopped taking new orders for them because of parts shortages , even though dealers report long back orders from frustrated customers .
The Morgan Stanley Group , one of Wall Street 's elite investment firms , and Dean Witter , Discover & Company , which sells stocks and bonds to small investors , agreed to merge yesterday into the world 's biggest securities company in a transaction valued at $ 10.2 billion .
If not , Campbell Soup , which has been an enormous presence in the city since 1869 , may abandon Camden and go elsewhere .
For those of us who have SCSI peripherals that are not yet ready for the scrap heap , Apple offers a $ 50 adapter card that plugs into one of the four expansion slots inside the G3 .
She spent much of the last 20 years working alongside Citigroup 's chairman , Sanford I. Weill , as he built his financial services empire .
After the Gates desposition , the Government 's fifth witness , Glenn E. Weadock , a computer consultant , took the stand to be cross-examined by a Microsoft lawyer , Richard Pepperman .
But Whirlpool calculated that it could afford more workers at Mexican wages , so it did not purchase the most advanced automated machinery for Monterrey .
Apple 's statement said the financial investigation ''raised serious concerns '' about the activities of two other former Apple officers , but did not name them .
Wireless communications in airline cabins remains rare , with fewer than 1 percent of commercial aircraft offering it ; Boeing 's in-flight wireless system is expensive , $ 9.95 an hour ; for Wi-Fi in flight to really take off , airlines will have to find way to make it pay ( S )
Carnival still faces some obstacles .
Halliburton , the big energy services company , said on Sunday that it would open a corporate headquarters in the United Arab Emirates city of Dubai and move its chairman and chief executive , David J. Lesar , there .
Microsoft , in an announcement , said that while it currently had no cryptography products on the market that would be affected by today 's ruling , it would release such software soon .
Tom Quarton is named to new position of president for Western region of Landor Associates and managing director of San Francisco office ; in San Francisco post , he succeeds Craig Branigan , now regional president for Landor Europe and managing director of London office ; John Galinos is named to new position of president of Properties Group ; Mike Knaisch , president of DDB Interactive Dallas , resigns to join client , Level 3 Communications as vice president for World Wide Web business ( S )
The Detroit Free Press reported in its early edition tonight that Mr. Ford would remain an outside consultant to Ford Motor on marketing issues .
By keeping Ford 's investment-grade rating intact , however , Moody 's has left the automaker some breathing room .
Emirates Airlines is planning rapid growth ; in November , airline ordered $ 15 billion in new jetliners from Airbus Industrie and Boeing ; orders will nearly triple Emirates Air 's fleet in next decade , to 100 aircraft from 36 today ; in 2003 , Emirates Air plans to begin flights between North America and its base in Dubai , beginning with daily service from Kennedy Airport and adding Chicago and Los Angeles flights later ; top executive Maurice Flanagan comments ; photo ( M )
Federal Trade Commission approves Pfizer Inc 's acquisition of Warner-Lambert Co on condition that companies shed businesses in four categories ; Warner Lambert is to end its arrangement with Forest Laboratories to co-promote antidepressant Celexa ; Pfizer will sell its head-lice treatment business to Bayer Corp ; Warner-Lambert 's assets related to Alzheimer 's drug Cognex are to be sold to First Horizon Pharmaceutical Corp ; Pfizer will transfer its business under development for treating solid-tumor cancers to OSI Pharmaceuticals ( M )
Once known for his dexterous marketing and political skills , Mr. Grasso first caught flak for clumsily allowing the nomination of Sanford Weill , Citigroup 's chairman , to the exchange 's board .
The government can cancel or modify contracts far more easily than can parties to private contracts , and Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman are not precluded from other roles in the Deepwater program .
The Xerox Corporation said yesterday that it had hired G. Richard Thoman , one of Louis V. Gerstner Jr. 's closest aides at I.B.M. , to become its new president and chief operating officer .
But it 's just one bad year out of many for Intel , and one good year out of many for A.M.D . ''
Mr. Fayyad of Yahoo said Internet companies were walking a fine line .
The blue card , said Peter Godfrey , American Express regional president for Europe , the Middle East and Africa , is aiming at customers in their early 20 's to mid-30 's in nine countries from Australia to Canada , but not in the United States .
Shares of Juno Online Services surged 24 percent , to $ 6.125 , yesterday after the company announced a promotional agreement with I.B.M. , similar to those between other top Internet service providers and computer makers , that analysts said would probably be expensive for Juno .
Chinese slowed their purchases of automobiles in first months of year , and cars they did buy tended to be small and inexpensive -- trends that are hurting Western manufacturers like General Motors and Volkswagen ; Chinese auto market has been best source of growth and profits in recent years for American and European manufacturers ; total vehicle shipments from manufacturers to dealers in China slowed by 10 percent in January and February compared with those months last year ; sales of large cars are falling , mainly because of government restrictions on corporate and government purchases of fleets , but also because of higher gasoline prices ; dealers are selling many more bare-bones subcompacts and tiny minivans that sell for less than $ 5,000 because they have flimsy seats and engines no more powerful than those on some motorcycles ; photo ( M )
As a result , Yahoo 's shares fell $ 1.84 , to $ 46.55 in after-hours trading .
Mr. Braddock , the former president of Citicorp and then chief executive of Medco Containment Services , served as chief executive of Priceline from July 1998 until May 2000 , when Mr. Schulman assumed that spot .
Vornado now says it is willing to pay cash up front instead of when the deal closes , which would take more than three months .
That appears to be what happened at Home Depot .
''It 's something they should have done two or three years ago , '' said Morris Mark of Mark Asset Management , which owned nearly 612,000 Time Warner shares at the end of March .
Blacks , Citing Bias at Work , Sue Coca-Cola
Microsoft will no longer grant stock options , relying instead on actual awards of stock to help pay its 50,000 employees ; company that showered riches on its early entrepreneurs and engineers hopes to encourage workers hired after about 1997 , who did not benefit from huge gains ; shift also underlines Microsoft 's transition from growth-oriented technology to more mature company that needs to keep talented workers tempted by potential riches at start-ups ; Microsoft has created more than 1,000 millionaires and now has about 1.6 billion options outstanding , but price has tumbled from peak of $ 178 in March 1999 to $ 27.70 now , making options far less attractive ; Ballmer and founder Bill Gates both own huge chunks of stock but never got stock options ; photo ; top 600 managers will now get stock grants based on cutomer satisfaction and revenue growth ( M )
The Bell Atlantic Corporation and other regional Bell companies say that AT & T is misleading consumers in its ferocious campaign to pluck short-haul long-distance calls away from them .
and the Ford Motor Company as rising gas prices further sap demand for the big S.U.V .
Verizon Unit Picks Kirshenbaum Bond
At Morgan Stanley , for example , Mr. Lipton advised the board to have only occasional and structured contact with the dissident executives .
According to the researchers ' calculations , Amazon earns , on average , $ 5.29 for a new book and about $ 2.94 on a used book .
Laura Bates , a senior vice president for brand management at Marriott 's extended-stay and select service brands , said services like grocery shopping are not quite enough to make a hotel feel like home .
Other Wal-Mart stores have been transformed into churches , police headquarters or schools .
In addition , the new agreement calls for crosslicensing and software development efforts by both companies that will integrate SAP more closely with Websphere , I.B.M .
Last month , in separate developments , A.T. & T. and Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada announced advances that may someday bring the benefits of these lasers to every home and business .
Vornado said its final bid would address Equity Office 's concerns that the original deal posed too much risk for shareholders .
Compounding Molson 's headaches , its market share in Canada has slipped while its American unit , Molson USA , has posted losses for the last two years .
Indeed , just hours after the privacy center and two other groups , Junkbusters and the Electronic Frontier Foundation , announced their planned boycott of Intel , the world 's largest computer chip maker , the company reversed a plan to activate an identifying signature in its soon-to-be-released Pentium III chip .
Most of the documents were brought to the trial by Microsoft .
Ever since Sanford I. Weill orchestrated the 1998 merger of Travelers and Citicorp to form the company , Citigroup had managed expenses in an episodic and decentralized manner .
In emphasizing safety , Firestone 's marketing strategy is diametrically different from the approach that the Ford Motor Company will be taking later this month in promoting the redesigned 2002 Explorer .
Automakers are working with such companies as I.B.M .
AT & T GETS CONTRACT FOR MILITARY TELEPHONE SERVICES
David Poge on Apple 's new Mac OS X 10.4 software , nicknamed Tiger , that Apple will release on April 29 ; drawing ( M )
Similarly , two people involved in the Comedy Central transaction said that Time Warner extracted a good price at the time , given the asset 's performance , and added that under its partnership deal with Viacom , there was no other buyer .
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Company said yesterday that it would restate its financial results to reflect its retreat from controversial inventory practices .
*The American Express One travel agency division caters to companies whose annual travel volume is less than $ 10 million ; no minimum level of travel spending is required .
Wal-Mart , based in Bentonville , Ark. , has interfered with apparent deals before , most notably when it bought Asda in 1999 , upsetting an agreement that Asda had reached with Kingfisher , a British home improvement retailer .
AT & T guaranteed that 25 percent of homes passed by Time Warner 's lines would subscribe to the new phone service within six years , and said that Time Warner would get up to $ 6 every month for each of those customers .
It also gives the News Corporation what a newly merged AOL-Time Warner would have in CNN -- a producer of news bits that can be distributed across different technological platforms , from televisions to personal computers to palm pilots .
The current installment , titled ''Vision , '' began running Sunday , four days after the judge ordered that Microsoft should be split in two .
As part of the initiative , Wal-Mart has opened a trend-spotting office in Manhattan , whose staff members were formerly with Nautica and the modern furniture company West Elm , and has taken out advertisements in the fashion bible Vogue .
The revisions are just the most recent in a series by Interpublic that has contributed to large recent declines in its share price .
And others from Prudential may still face S.E.C .
General Accounting Office says it will sue White House to try to force Vice Pres Dick Cheney to release documents detailing contacts between corporate executives and administration 's energy task force , which was chaired by Cheney ; David M Walker , comptroller general of US and director of GAO , says he is seeking identities of energy industry executives who helped Bush administration formulate national energy policy last year , and subject that each executive discussed with task force members ; suit sets up legal showdown between investigative arm of Congress and Bush administration ; dispute makes it more difficult for White House to distance itself from collapse of Enron Corp , whose executives met with Cheney and other energy task force members half-dozen times last year ; House Energy and Commerce Committee sends letter to Kenneth L Lay , Enron 's former chairman and chief executive , demanding to know whether he did anything in response to assertion last summer by whistle-blower , Margaret Ceconi , that major division had overstated profits by hundreds of millions of dollars ; Enron 's fallout reaches another big bank , as Bank of America confirms that four employees whose units did business with Enron have left or announced their resignations in last few days ; photo ( L )
Microsoft will now begin financing work in which there are few obvious immediate paybacks , a decision that runs counter to the national trend .
At Interpublic , executives said it was precisely Mr. Coughlin 's outside history , including his experience managing large companies in transition , that made him appealing .
A married couple I know in the Bronx went more than a month without service while AT & T and Verizon blamed each other about which company was responsible for the problem .
The chief executive of Lenovo will be Stephen M. Ward Jr. , currently an I.B.M .
Air Force Lease With Boeing Seen Adding Billions to Cost
Merck executives have said the documents are being taken out of context .
Some of Yahoo 's social networking initiatives , including Yahoo 360 , have struggled as other sites have taken off .
Yahoo , the biggest of the dozens of sites devoted to navigating the Web , is looking more like a commercial on-line service every day , with ''channels '' that organize information into categories .
The union expressed outrage at the A.T. & T. announcement despite knowing of the field trials of the new technology since their onset last year .
Apple 's enhanced Bonjour software , which works with Front Row , allows users access to content stored on other computers over a wireless network .
Seventh on Sixth , coordinator of New York 's semiannual fashion shows , announces that Mercedes-Benz will become sponsor , replacing General Motors after seven years ( S )
While Nike would be able to sell its shoes here , that would be a fraction of what Nike factories could export to the United States .
Analysts said that , depending on the worker 's age , the General Motors offer might cover only about half of future health care costs for typical workers , assuming they did not find another job with at least some medical coverage .
A campaign by the Sierra Club chides General Motors about the Hummer 's gas mileage .
So far , though , it has made only one major divestiture , selling its operations in China to the Fuji Xerox joint venture for $ 550 million in December .
Wal-Mart Stores ' hiring of Fingerhut Cos to process orders and handle distribution on Internet has help boost stock of rival Federated Department Stores , which acquired Fingerhut in Mar ; providing services to burgeoning E-commerce ventures promises to be big business in near future , but Fingerhut is not expected to contribute substantially to Federated 's bottom line soon ( M )
Under the plan announced yesterday , under the name AT & T Unlimited , consumers pay AT & T $ 19.95 a month for unlimited calls to any other residential customer in the United States who also uses AT & T for long-distance service .
It is only relatively recently that companies like Microsoft have begun to think about computer vision for consumer applications .
Then two weeks ago , Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , publicly acknowledged that it had hit a ''thermal wall '' on its microprocessor line .
Even though Johnson & Johnson 's stock hit record highs this year , it could not match its competitors ' gains .
I.B.M .
Under that formula , Microsoft would charge computer makers about $ 800 for each copy of Windows -- the price of entire computers systems with Windows today .
The Brand Universe announcement was part of a briefing Yahoo executives gave to reporters on the company 's media group , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , which has been criticized for lack of clear focus .
E-mail is already the most popular service on the Internet , but Apple 's version has advantages over any of the other freemail services .
In contrast , eBay stock rose nearly $ 5 a share , or 14 percent , in after-hours after the report was released .
Morgan Stanley 's investment banking stars were churning out hot public offerings of Internet darlings and the Dean Witter brokers , bolstered by the bullish research of its star Internet analyst , Mary Meeker , pushed the stocks through their retail investor channels .
AGIP , the operating unit of Eni S.p.A. , is roughly a quarter the size of Exxon Mobil and half that of TotalFinaElf .
Oracle , more than competitors like I.B.M .
Boeing partly credits its long-term relationships with customers for its market lead in Asia .
Since he took the top job at Pfizer in 2001 , Mr. McKinnell has received $ 65 million in compensation and will receive an $ 83 million pension when he retires .
I.B.M .
Indeed , I have a theory that Netflix 's records would show that all of us tend to keep serious movies for much longer than we keep the lighter ones .
The appeals court ruling yesterday in the antitrust case against Microsoft left unanswered one of the most pressing questions facing the computer industry : Will Microsoft have to change how it acts ?
Karl W. Moore , its first chief information officer , was a 38-year International Paper employee and finance specialist whose primary goal was running the information department as a low-cost operation aimed primarily at making scheduling and administrative operations more efficient .
AFTER a year of dispiriting financial results and the controversy over junk food and obesity , fast-food chains like the McDonald 's Corporation and Jack in the Box Inc. are taking a fresh approach : marketing premium salads .
Led by Wal-Mart and Sears , Roebuck , the retailers say that the credit-card networks are charging them excessive transaction fees that they must pass on to their customers .
Texas Instruments , based in Dallas , said fourth-quarter earnings were $ 549 million , or 31 cents a share .
AT & T is only the latest company to send droves of people to Washington .
As the Bells prepare to square off against AT & T , analysts said , they might pursue an opposite course -- one that could also entail stringent cutbacks .
Electronic Arts hired Mr. Jenkins to organize a series of roundtables in which academics and game designers brainstormed new ideas in game development .
more than $ 800 million to cover past use of I.B.M .
Prince , 56 , is also shaking up Citigroup 's senior executive ranks , replacing Mr. Weill 's team with his own group of younger managers .
Patrick N Palmer is named to new post of executive vice president and chief strategic and planning officer at Chemistri , division of Publicis Groupe that works on General Motors accounts like Cadillac and Pontiac ; Joseph McGee is named executive vice president and general manager for New York headquarters office of MRM Partners Worldwide , succeeding Tracey Owens , who is named worldwide account director for agency 's General Motors account ( S )
''It 's terrible to lose someone of Harry 's quality at a time when the company has so many balls in the air , '' said B. Alexander Henderson , an analyst who follows Kodak for Prudential Securities Research .
''If you 're telling me because you 're Wal-Mart and you 're going to pay $ 12 an hour and this other retailer is going to pay $ 5.15 an hour , the federal minimum wage , and they 're not going to provide any benefits at all and somehow the consumer is rewarded in all this , all you 're doing is perpetuating the status quo , '' he said .
Fiat posts profit of 295 million euros in first quarter after receiving 715 million euros from General Motors to dissolve their partnership ; had loss of 390 million euros a year earlier ; GM will pay Fiat another 550 million euros in May ; photo ( S )
Austin Kelley will maintain a separate identity , reporting to the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic .
( Microsoft will not own any rights to products created with these tools . )
As part of the deal , Bank of America will invest another $ 500 million when China Construction holds its initial public offering , which is expected later this year .
Wieden & Kennedy has been the lead creative agency for Nike from 1982 to 1984 and from 1985 on , producing award-winning ads featuring characters from Bugs Bunny to Michael Jordan .
Actual competition between Microsoft and actual and potential competitors in the markets for Internet browser and related software , office productivity suites , and first screen and boot up access has been or is threatened to be curtailed and foreclosed ;
The company , formerly called SBC Communications , bought AT & T and adopted the well-known AT & T name as its own .
Wal-Mart and a Union Unite , at Least on Health Policy
Analog Devices said revenue from its analog integrated circuits had declined for the first time in recent memory .
Since Oracle began its takeover effort in June 2003 , Mr. Conway has said that the move was causing some customers to consider not buying PeopleSoft products , a situation that the company estimates has cost it more than $ 1 billion in lost revenue .
In a short time , wireless services have become one of the most crowded marketing categories as the major participants -- in addition to Verizon Wireless , they are AT & T Wireless , Cingular , Nextel , Sprint and T-Mobile -- spend billions of dollars a year to woo and keep customers .
The arrest of the Indian-born chief of Baazee.com , the unit of eBay that is India 's largest Internet auction site , has raised an uproar , prompting calls for clearer laws on whether executives of such sites can be prosecuted because of the material , like pornography , that is offered for sale .
Local officials welcomed I.B.M .
Besides , he said , ''We do n't think of them as Web sites so much as we think of them as 'sitelets , ' all linking back to Nike . ''
It was a great way to fashion commercials that were culturally relevant where they were broadcast , but it also made for some embarrassing departures from the Coca-Cola script , company officials said .
Wall Street analysts who follow Honeywell accepted the company 's explanation and figures .
Mr. Semel , a former co-chief of the Warner Brothers studio , has been interested in video content , but Yahoo 's experiments in this area have yet to produce a successful service .
Council members said that most of the planned security improvements would be late in coming , perhaps putting the public at risk , and that the contract with Lockheed Martin , approved last August after the bombing of the London subway system , might have been signed in haste .
Plastic cat that whistles incessantly becomes surprise toy hit of holiday season , beating out radio-controlled snake , sock puppet and talking dump truck ; shoppers snatch Meow-Chi , robotic cat , off store shelves in final weeks before Christmas , and toy retailers characterize it as sleeper of season ; Meow-Chi is made by Hasbro division of Tiger Electronics ; photo ( M )
In November 2004 , lawyers representing Apple from the Baker & McKenzie firm in Chicago approached Mr. Cohen , offering to buy his iTunes domain .
Coming from an executive so attuned to the sensitive dynamics of the chief executive search process -- Mr. Knight sits on the advisory committee of Spencer Stuart , the company handling the search -- the statement was a curious one , and it angered many in and out of Morgan Stanley who thought that these executives , and Mr. Mack in particular , should receive some consideration .
General Motors and Ford Motor lost their investment grade ratings Thursday , pushing two of corporate America 's biggest borrowers into the ranks of junk bonds and rattling the financial markets with the message that the collective fortunes of the remaining two domestically owned automakers have sunk to their lowest points yet .
Microsoft competes against Nintendo and Sony with its Xbox video game console ; it designed the Xbox computer chips with I.B.M .
Sony Corp sells 1.5 million PlayStation 2 video game consoles since Thanksgiving , giving it lead over Nintendo , which markets GameCube , and Microsoft , with its Xbox ( S )
On a typical evening during the February sweeps , the ''CBS Evening News , '' with an audience of about eight million , trailed ''World News Tonight '' on ABC by just under a million viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research .
Top negotiators for the General Motors Corporation and the United Automobile Workers union disagreed today on the likelihood of a settlement by Monday in the most expensive strike to hit G.M .
Allergan has been spending millions of dollars to promote Botox since it was approved last year to treat the wrinkles between the eyes .
It decided to make a deal with Amgen , despite the bigger company 's lack of experience in the diabetes market , because ''we were quite impressed by their ambition and attitude . ''
The ad , created by the Atlanta office of BBDO Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , ran only in markets where Verizon advertised last week with its pointed invitations .
That is ahead of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and Merrill Lynch , which round out the top three .
Warden , ''How do we know this is from Microsoft ? ''
''It acts as a constraint on the exercise of any market power that might otherwise result from the combination of Oracle and PeopleSoft , '' the white paper said .
2 producer behind Samsung , has lately been overtaken by Micron Technology as well .
Verizon reported third-quarter earnings of $ 4.4 billion .
As a result , both Fox and Cisco stressed the security precautions they would be using with the Cisco 7140 Virtual Private Network , including fire walls , security routers and encryption devices .
Walking along the lush , fragrant pathways next to the lake , Mr. Paulson said he hoped that Goldman Sachs could come in and do still more lucrative deals .
's to a routing that was valid for Home.com but not for Comcast . ''
Actually , the companies that appear best positioned to be the next powerhouses in communications equipment do not want to eat Cisco 's lunch at all .
Its success , analysts said , will largely depend on whether the new company can achieve cost savings through economies of scale , and whether it can bring itself up to speed with technology that has been so beneficial to Wal-Mart and Target .
For a Wal-Mart employee with a hypothetical starting hourly wage of $ 6.25 , a 6 percent increase would mean a raise of 37.5 cents an hour , or $ 3 a day , for a full-time employee working an eight-hour shift .
KitchenAid , appliance and kitchen-equipment maker owned by Whirlpool Corp , selects Saatchi & Saatchi to handle its advertising account ; billings estimated at $ 30 million ; assignments had been handled for 20 years by N W Ayer & Partners ( S )
''We at Apple believe most people want to be honest , and if offered reasonable choices , most people will choose to buy their content . ''
He hoped to use Unix in his strategy to compete with Microsoft .
In its statement , Merck said that three additional heart attacks ''did not materially change any of the conclusions in the article . ''
But nearly all of the Broadcast.com users already visit Yahoo 's sites , so the combination only gives Yahoo one million new users , not enough to overtake America Online , which recently bought the Netscape Communications Corporation .
A full description of the problem and how to fix it can be found at www.microsoft.com/security/security_bulletins/ms03-026.asp .
''What is Time Warner Cable afraid of ? ''
The deal , which closed on July 14 , made Extra Space Storage , with 630 facilities owned or managed , second only to the industry behemoth , Public Storage of Glendale , Calif. , which has 1,471 buildings .
Mr. Wall , who was creative director on the Microsoft account at Wieden & Kennedy , said he admired the company because when ''it got powerful , it did n't get fat but kept focused . ''
''Kodak has been very successful in cultivating an ecosystem in the digital world '' said Matt Troy , an analyst with Citigroup Investment Research .
The VCamNow , from the Tiger Electronics line of Hasbro , has these essential ingredients , plus a simple zoom , an L.E.D .
After reviewing the matter , the Justice Department said in May that Microsoft 's browser allowed users a fairly easy way to switch to non-Microsoft search services .
For now , however , there is a catch : only Sharp has a DVD player that will accept images directly from a Kodak digital camera memory card ; and that player , a portable model , is available only in Japan .
''Microsoft 's non-disclosure agreements are no different than anyone else 's in the software industry and numerous other industries .
This is not something Yahoo has done before . ''
Microsoft is a large and important company , innovative and admirable in a lot of ways .
New York Stock Exchange 's interim chairman John S Reed proposes that exchange set up fund to compensate investors for any losses they may have suffered because of trading violations by exchange 's specialist traders ; specialist firms under investigation are LaBranche & Co , Fleet Specialist , unit of FleetBoston , Bear Wagner Specialists , Spear , Leeds & Kellogg , owned by Goldman Sachs , and Van der Moolen Specialists ( M )
Two days later , he was dismissed , according to the suit ; because Citigroup said the decision was based on his performance , he lost his bonus , stock options and stock grants .
Even two bullish announcements today -- that the Chrysler Corporation had better-than-expected profits in the first quarter and that the Ford Motor Company would increase its dividend -- left analysts talking about auto stocks mostly as a safe bet if the stock market nose dives .
In response , Jim Albaugh , chief executive of Boeing Integrated Defense Systems , said the proposed tanker deal provided ''the best value to the American taxpayer . ''
Mr. Jones estimated that roughly 55 percent of I.B.M .
and Cisco Systems are expected to announce today that they will jointly develop and promote open software standards intended to simplify the increasingly complex task of managing corporate data networks .
''If it had been any other management , people would have crucified the stock , '' said Christopher Davis , a portfolio manager for Davis Selected Advisors , who owns both companies ' stocks and who is bullish on Citigroup 's prospects .
Indeed , earlier this year , Yahoo acquired VerdiSoft , a company making software that links various devices to online services .
This year , Mr. Moffat said , the corporate goal is to pare another $ 5 billion from I.B.M .
In addition to occupying all of the office space in the new building , and the tower at 1585 Broadway , Morgan Stanley will continue to occupy space in its former headquarters at 750 Seventh Avenue across the avenue from its new building , as well as in nearby Rockefeller Center buildings .
In interviews at AT & T 's complex in Bridgewater , N.J. , some workers said they took the news of the breakup in stride .
Motorola is set to announce new chip design meant to suport wide range of cellular phone standards while offering more computer-like features ; seeks to sell chips to other cellular-phone makers ( M )
Former Vice President Al Gore is a special adviser to Google and also holds a seat on Apple 's board .
Shares of AT & T fell slightly after the earnings announcement , closing the day at $ 39.10 , down 67 cents from Monday 's close .
Unlike most record stores , Starbucks has a merchandising strategy to sell an experience along with a product .
AT & T also announced yesterday that Charles H. Noski , the chief financial officer , had also joined the board , as vice chairman .
Today 's move will shift the Internet Explorer group headed by David Cole , who testified as a Microsoft witness last month , into the company 's Personal and Business Systems Group , which is headed by James E. Allchin .
Among discount stores , Woolworth is only the last , if the most prominent , victim of larger and stronger competitors like Wal-Mart and Target , which offer more selection , quicker checkout and often lower prices .
The Microsoft Corporation has signed a five-year , $ 90 million agreement with the First USA unit of the Banc One Corporation that is being described as the largest such deal involving Internet advertising .
Music industry is divided over implications of pending Time Warner-America Online mergers ; some analysts see it giving Warner Music , now third in market share , competitive edge ; others see any marketing edge eroded by alliances being formed by rivals ; table compares Warner Music 's market share with rivals ; photo ( M )
Xerox can certainly use the help .
The two companies said they would also build linkages between Document Centre and Microsoft 's Exchange E-mail server that would enable users to view scanned paper documents on their computers as editable text .
With hardly an hour -- if that -- to spare , the Exxon board approved the deal unanimously .
But the bursting of the Internet bubble and subsequent slowdown in capital spending by service providers took a heavy toll on Cisco .
expert said , Boeing has been spraying the Mylar with glue so that it adheres to the entire surface of the barrier .
''It 's part of our entertainment component , which is also part of our Wal-Mart strategy . ''
Not only are stock analysts predicting that Wal-Mart will experience staggering growth , but chains like Target , Home Depot , Costco and Kohl 's are all expected to expand rapidly , eating up ever-larger chunks of the $ 2 trillion Americans spend on retail annually .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York said yesterday that it would substantially remake its board to give greater weight to outside directors by having four inside directors leave .
European Commission opens probe into planned acquisition of ContentGuard Holdings by Microsoft and Time Warner ; ContentGuard specializes in software the protects digital material from counterfeiting ; Microsoft uses ContentGuard technology under license inits development of rights management systems and services ( M )
Indeed , a person close to Apple said that the executive recruiter heading the search for a new chief executive , John T. Thompson , vice chairman of Heidrick & Struggles Inc. , had held off beginning his search in earnest while awaiting the board changes announced yesterday .
''It 's absolutely critical for Boeing to maintain momentum , '' said Charles Hill , a business professor at the University of Washington in Seattle .
The accounting improprieties were necessary , the filing said , because they helped conceal burgeoning problems related to Halliburton 's exposure to asbestos claims .
Boeing is based in Chicago .
In mid-March , he proclaimed he was holding on to Cisco , Tellabs and his other technology holdings .
An earlier offer by Coca-Cola to allow small retailers like corner shops , news agents and video stores to stock rival brands in Coke 's own cooler cabinets was considered inadequate by European antitrust officials .
Symantec announces Version 2 of its Norton Personal Firewall for Macintosh users ; program is also available in larger Norton Internet Security suite , which includes Norton Anti-Virus and Aladdin 's iClean clutter-reducing software ; photo ( S )
For example , Mr. Brayton 's eBay store , Let There Be Lights and ThangZ , sells pineapple-shaped patio wall sconces , five of which were available last week .
He used a computer program like Adobe Photoshop to darken and duplicate the smoke from an Israeli air strike on Beirut and to add extra flares to a picture of an Israeli jet .
The Digital Equipment Corporation and Sequent Computer Systems Inc. said yesterday that they would collaborate on a new version of the Unix operating system to run on the Intel Corporation 's forthcoming 64-bit microprocessor , code-named Merced .
The designs , which will be available from several manufacturers by the end of the year , were presented by Microsoft 's chairman , Bill Gates , in a speech today that opened the annual International Consumer Electronics Show here .
The bank lost $ 457 million that year and its stock plummeted to $ 8.50 a share , shrinking the value of Mr. Reed 's own big stake in Citigroup stock .
If merchants felt enough financial pain on eBay , might they quietly move offline or to a smaller auction site , like Yahoo or ePier ?
Today 's announcement may represent an effort by Verizon to encourage customers to spend more .
During the day , the price of Microsoft shares rose $ 2 , to $ 72.57 , but fell as low as $ 69.50 in after-hours trading following the company 's report and conference call .
''I have friends who worked at the phone company when they broke up , and they 're watching their portfolios sail along , '' said Laura Ruderman , who left Microsoft two months ago after five years at the company .
Like most supermarket executives , Mr. Breetz spends much of his time looking over his shoulder at Wal-Mart , the newest entrant in the local grocery wars .
The company said it had not decided who would head the new companies and whether one or both would remain in Hartford , where Aetna has its headquarters and where it employs 11,400 people .
As part of that deal , Xerox bought back an additional $ 40 million in debt .
DUPONT and the Swiss company Syngenta said yesterday that they would join forces in a venture that could present a more formidable challenge to Monsanto 's dominance of the business for genetically modified seeds .
Using Cisco 's latest technology , ''Titan A.E . ''
Wal-Mart said it has put no pressure on suppliers to join the advocacy group , and has made clear that membership is voluntary .
KarstadtQuelle sold the majority stake in its coffee shop joint venture with Starbucks to its partner , the group said .
In March of this year , Staples announced it would buy back the shares for $ 7 each .
Last Tuesday , Microsoft announced that Scott Richter , whose company in Colorado , OptInRealBig.com , was considered by antispam activists to be one of the world 's most prolific junk e-mail operations , had agreed to settle a lawsuit with the company for $ 7 million .
Analysts say that Pfizer is among the most aggressive marketers of drugs to both doctors and consumers .
Apple , despite its reputation as a provider of premium products at premium prices ( with premium hype ) , makes a desktop machine , the eMac , that costs significantly less than its long-necked flat-screen iMacs .
Steve Goldberg , director for corporate development for Compaq , said his company had not seen Intel 's software and was not ready to say what it might mean .
Oracle , based in Redwood City , Calif. , is also asking that the appointment of Mike Maples to PeopleSoft 's board as a result of the company 's acquisition of J.D .
If you were a strip center retailer and not a discounter like Best Buy or Wal-Mart , you suffered . ''
Eleven of the company 's 13 business units will grow more than 10 percent next year , General Electric said .
Wal-Mart 's expansion into Britain has been the opposite of its experience in Germany , where it bought ailing retailers , including Interspar and Wertkauf , and tried to turn those businesses around .
For instance , Verizon 's shares closed at about $ 42.81 yesterday , up about 69 cents , meaning that they are worth 14.63 times the company 's expected per-share earnings of about $ 2.93 this year .
I.B.M .
To counter PeopleSoft 's latest move , Oracle -- beyond trying to stop the deal in court -- may have no choice , analysts say , but to quickly increase its offer .
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Goldman Sachs will offer Harman International Industries shareholders chance to retain stake in newly private company after $ 8 billion buyout ; more widespread use of stub provision may protect shareholders from losing out on their investments ( M )
New York Life bought the campus last April for $ 35 million from a joint venture of the Gale Company of Florham Park , N.J. , and a Morgan Stanley real estate investment fund , which acquired it from I.B.M .
For investors , the alliances that DuPont chooses are the real question .
But for Microsoft , the new version amounts to the first test of a concept .
''I have friends who worked at the phone company when they broke up , and they 're watching their portfolios sail along , '' said Laura Ruderman , who left Microsoft two months ago after five years at the company .
Mr. Stern is likely to keep criticizing Wal-Mart on several fronts , according to people who work with him who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to talk publicly .
And he pointed out that Microsoft had yet to deliver on its promises so far .
Microsoft is expected to introduce the latest version of its own digital media player software next month .
Boeing stock , which has underperformed the market in recent years , closed yesterday at $ 35.125 , down 62.5 cents .
Survey shows a serious decline for the first time in the number of Macintosh users who would buy the same brand again ; erosion of the company 's traditionally loyal customer base points to a possible slide into oblivion for the Apple computer system ; charts ; photos ( M )
That would help close the gap between the voting and nonvoting shares , said David Joyce , who follows News Corporation for Guzman & Company .
Yet Mr. Thompson is 57 and , given the I.B.M .
Adobe is now pushing Acrobat to corporations as a cost-saving document-management tool that automates tedious paperwork tasks , like processing forms .
At Cisco , where he is pushing for productivity gains of 10 to 15 percent a year over the next five years , his strategy is intended to restore momentum to a company that was once among the fastest growing in the computer industry , and then one of its spectacular casualties .
As the Interpublic chairman and chief executive , Mr. Bell has proved to be ''someone who does have a good political ear , '' Mr. Russell said , adding , ''I think he 's doing what he has to do to keep the family rowing together . ''
John Bonomo , a spokesman for Verizon in New York , confirmed reports of the change in Adweek .
Amazon 's motive , he said , was not the revenue from publishers but increasing the number of browsers who become buyers .
Joseph Galli resigns as president and chief operating officer of Amazon.com to become president and chief executive of VerticalNet , Internet company that runs 56 Web sites devoted to specific industries ; Jeff Bezos , Amazon.com 's chairman and chief executive , will assume additional title of president ; photo ( M )
Correction : July 20 , 2005 , Wednesday An article in Business Day on Monday about Whirlpool 's bid to buy Maytag for $ 1.36 billion misidentified the takeover offer scheduled for a vote by Maytag shareholders on Aug. 19 .
Microsoft is accused of trying to prod companies to stay out of its way .
It was not a response to a suit from MGA Entertainment , the maker of Bratz ; Mattel sued its former employee before MGA sued Mattel .
Intuit , maker of popular Quicken 98 personal finance program , says it will not release new version for Apple Macintosh computers , citing declining Mac sales ; news is bitter blow for Apple ( S )
Intel Corp reports record earnings in fourth quarter ended Dec 27 ; earned $ 2.17 billion compared with $ 1.05 billion year earlier ; sales were record $ 8.74 billion compared with $ 7.16 billion year ago ; company earned $ 5.64 billion for 2003 on sales of $ 30.14 billion ( M ) /
''There is lots of room for PC makers to put on other icons , so Microsoft does not limit software distribution through the desktop , '' Mr. Schmalensee said .
Directories businesses are typically more profitable than many other divisions at phone companies like Verizon because they require far less investment in equipment .
Dow Corning , a joint venture between the Dow Chemical Company and Corning Inc. , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1995 , after it had received as many as 19,000 damage suits over its silicone breast implants .
Dr. Cheng will join Marriott International 's board of directors .
In April , the inspector general reported that Boeing and the Air Force did not follow proper procedures in negotiations that more than doubled the price of the NATO contract from the original $ 551 million .
In return , AT & T will distribute Microsoft 's Internet Explorer software to its own on-line customers , along with Explorer 's chief rival , Navigator from the Netscape Communications Corporation .
In the interim , AT & T and BellSouth have been reselling satellite television service from DirecTV and Echostar .
Shares of Intel rose slightly on the news in after-hours trading , to $ 27.81 , after closing down 60 cents at $ 27.41 .
Maude Hurd , national president of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , called on Household International , the nation 's second-biggest consumer finance company , to follow Citigroup 's lead .
Johnson & Johnson Sues Boston Scientific , Guidant and Abbott Laboratories Over Deal
Race Remains a Difficult Issue for Many Workers at Kodak
''That move sort of isolated ABC , '' a Time Warner executive said .
Carnival Cuts Some Strings From Its Bid For Princess
Boeing made a similar move when it announced that it was promoting the leaders of its three main operating units by giving them the titles of president and chief executive .
Wal-Mart to Tighten Control Over Its Japanese Affiliate
''I think the chances that they ease monetary policy are not very high , '' said Robert Alan Feldman , chief economist at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in Tokyo .
The associate said Mr. Anderson did so at the time not because Apple was suspected of having a problem but because many major companies were trying to understand their practices in case they did face scrutiny or accusations .
In a class-action lawsuit filed in Federal District Court in Philadelphia yesterday , lawyers for the agents said that Allstate , the nation 's second-largest insurer of cars and homes after State Farm , dismissed the agents to save ''hundreds of millions '' of dollars a year in benefits and ''to purge its ranks of thousands of employees over the age of 40 . ''
But in a speech yesterday in New York at a conference for industry analysts , Dennis Strigl , the president and chief executive of Verizon Wireless , said it was time for mobile phone carriers to ''stop moaning and groaning '' about the portability requirement .
''I.B.M .
On the order to reveal parts of Window , the commission is still assessing a revised proposal submitted late last month , which Microsoft says addresses the main problems identified in its first proposal .
and Honeywell because ''it was confident it could secure remedies '' to undo any anticompetitive effects of the deal .
So , like millions of other balding men , Mr. Boucher , a 25-year-old animator in Montreal who is a long way from losing his hair , picked up a prescription for Propecia , Merck & Company 's hair growth pill , and awaited the results .
Apple Computer Inc reports smaller-than-expected loss in most recent quarter , which ended on June 27 ; loss grew to $ 56 million from $ 32 million a year earlier ; revenue fell to $ 1.74 billion from $ 2.18 billion a year earlier ; table ( L )
Microsoft then settled by investing more than $ 40 million in Stac , taking a 15 percent stake in the company -- and later reached patent agreements with and made investments in several companies including Wang and the Digital Equipment Corporation .
Before being dismissed by Pepsi-Cola , Foote , Cone had created campaigns for Gatorade , which competes against Powerade ; Tropicana , which competes against the various Coca-Cola juices and juice drinks ; and Aquafina , which competes against Dasani .
Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , has also been producing more phones for white-collar workers who want to gain access to the Internet and e-mail outside the office .
Timothy M. Donahue , executive chairman of the Sprint Nextel Corporation , the third-largest wireless carrier , said yesterday that he would retire at the end of the year , in the latest shake-up at a company that has lost ground to its larger rivals Cingular and Verizon Wireless .
The media buying part of Ford Motor 's account , which covers five divisions besides Ford , including Lincoln-Mercury , Mazda Motors of America and Jaguar North America , had been handled by three agencies in addition to Thompson Detroit , which handles the Ford division .
That is why , among the Justice Department officials and the 19 state attorneys general who are behind the suit , some still favor breaking up Microsoft so that once that is accomplished , government involvement would end .
Amazon has become the archetype of the classic Internet business model : lose lots of money to grow very quickly .
A spokesman for the News Corporation , Andrew Butcher , reached at the company 's New York headquarters , declined to comment .
Oracle , based in Redwood Shores , Calif. , said earnings for the quarter rose to $ 509 million , or 10 cents a share , from $ 440 million , or 8 cents a share , last year .
South Korean government begins trying to assign blame for failure of two large business deals : Ford Motor Co 's bid to buy Daewoo Motors and bid by group of investors led by Nabors Capital to purchase Hanbo Steel Co ; both Korean companies are insolvent ; criticizes Korea First Bank and state-run Korea Asset Management Corp , major creditors of Hanbo , for failing to shape contract that would have penalized Nabors group for pulling out of deal ; faults Daewoo Restructuring Committee and its head , Oh Hogen , for failing to prepare for event like Firestone tire recall and impact that might have on Ford 's bid for Daewoo Motors ( M )
said Rick Berry , an analyst in Atlanta with J. P. Turner & Company , who is advising investors to sell Amazon.com 's stock .
After two decades and counting , Procter & Gamble is still trying to exorcise Satanism tales .
Alexander Henderson , an analyst at Prudential Securities , said it was ''no mystery '' that Xerox was looking to recruit an executive from outside the company .
The company also said that John C. Whitehead , its former co-chairman , would serve as chairman of the organization , which will be the sixth- largest corporate foundation in the country and will be called the Goldman Sachs Foundation .
He said it was a coincidence that his group 's announcement came on the day of Mr. Icahn 's latest assault on Time Warner .
Amazon.com , on-line retailer that already dominates the Internet sales of books and , increasingly , music , will begin offering much broader array of merchandise ; types of items to be offered for sale noted ( M )
From Monday through Wednesday , service on several leading Web sites , including those of the Yahoo portal , the E*Trade Group brokerage firm , the eBay auction company and Time Warner 's CNN.com news site , were disrupted and in some cases halted by assaults involving dozens or more computers flooding them with data feeds .
Dr Michael L Dertouzos of MIT , who foresaw proliferation of computers and worldwide Internet culture , discusses testimony in Microsoft antitrust case and high-tech issues to come ; interview ; photo ( M )
And Mr. Zyman radically revamped the Coca-Cola strategy for hiring agencies to spend that annual budget .
General Electic , nation 's biggest company by stock market value , joins small but growing group of companies that are changing how they account for stock options ; GE will go further , banning top executives from taking profits immediately after cashing in options and requiring officers to hold substantial stock positions as long as they work at company ; GE is responding to criticism that options-heavy pay packages give executives enormous incentives to create short-term profits ; GE will begin to account for value of stock options granted to employees as an expense , thereby reducing reported earnings ; other companies that have made similar announcements recently include Coca-Cola , Washington Post Co , Bank One and Amazon.com ; chart ( M )
Is that a nice way of saying Microsoft did not offer SAP enough money ?
STARBUCKS AGREES TO ACQUIRE SEATTLE COFFEE COMPANY
For example , he asked Mr. Norris to find anywhere in the written contract proposals the requirement that to receive a lower Windows price I.B.M .
Amazon.com Inc reports third-quarter loss of $ 45.2 million , compared with loss of $ 9.6 million in year-earlier period ; sales soared to $ 153.7 million from $ 37.9 million ; Amazon became leading on-line music retailer in quarter , with sales of $ 14.4 million ( M )
A senior European antitrust official said today that Microsoft had yet to resolve concerns about the way it competes in the European software market .
TiVo signs Coca-Cola Co and Universal Studios to major deals that are indicative of efforts by marketers to find ways to reach consumers apart from traditional TV advertising ( S )
Raymond V. Gilmartin , Merck 's chief executive , testified Thursday that his company followed a ''rigorous scientific process '' as it examined the risks and benefits of Vioxx .
Ford Motor Co abandons plans to build innovative $ 1 billion factory in southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul , which refused to honor pledge to provide company with financial inventives because of budget crisis ( M )
Although Riggs closed all of its Equatorial Guinean accounts in February , activity in accounts before then has drawn attention because Exxon Mobil , the oil giant , deposited about $ 300 million into Mr. Mbasago 's personal Riggs accounts .
Procter spends more than $ 2 billion a year on advertising in the United States .
Revenue per financial analyst , another common measure of profitability , was $ 421,000 at Morgan Stanley in 2004 , compared with $ 532,790 at Smith Barney and $ 697,234 at Merrill Lynch .
Senator Herb Kohl , the Wisconsin Democrat , asked why Microsoft 's percentage of sales to profits was so much higher than those of businesses in other industries .
Yesterday , Microsoft said Vista would be ready for large business customers , who typically buy the company 's software in multiyear licenses , in November .
Citigroup is close to buying a hedge fund as part of a deal that would put a former top executive at Morgan Stanley at the head of its alternative investments group , people close to the negotiations said last night .
As a result , Boeing is looking more than ever to its military and space divisions to bolster sagging revenue .
Article on importance of building names in light of decision by Vornado Realty Trust to lease lighted signs at pinnacle of MONY Building in Midtown Manhattan ; sign reportedly is being listed at $ 1 million per year -- less if tenant takes all space being offered ; industry experts say opportunity is rare one that gives building added status ; photo ( M )
The AT & T equipment unit may sell more to long-distance customers , but equipment rivals may sell more to the AT & T long-distance concern .
If MCI were to ultimately accept Qwest 's offer , MCI would have to pay a $ 200 million breakup fee to Verizon .
It offers the best terms to customers that buy not only the desktop products but also its Windows data-serving software , an area in which Microsoft competes with International Business Machines , Oracle , Sun Microsystems , Novell and others .
Pharmacies for Life International , for instance , says it had expressed its concerns about the drug to Wal-Mart and applauded the chain for not selling it .
Cisco Systems reported fiscal fourth-quarter earnings today in line with analyst expectations , but the company , a bellwether for investors , suggested a global malaise in technology spending could continue at least through the end of the calendar year .
''I doubt that Microsoft wants to be powered by a competitor like Yahoo for very long , '' said John M. Lervik , the chief executive of Fast Search and Transfer , a Norwegian company that provides the search for the Lycos portal and is eager to do the same for MSN .
Yahoo Answers , which was introduced nearly a year ago , has quickly built up a large community of users .
Lukoil and ConocoPhillips could potentially cooperate in Iraq , where Lukoil has concessions in the West Qurna field and other areas obtained during Saddam Hussein 's regime .
Rival bidders are unlikely to emerge to challenge $ 9.9 billion offer announced by Aetna Inc ; Aetna says it received offer from ING America Insurance Holdings and WellPoint Health Networks ; graph ( M )
General Motors agrees to extend its five-year marketing partnership with Women 's National Basketball Association ; financial terms of new agreement and its length undisclosed ( S )
Kodak 's theory is that the more people can do with a picture , the more pictures they will take -- and the longer that Kodak can maintain the silver-based film and paper business that with its profit margins of 20 percent or more is one of the most profitable product lines extant .
Bristol-Myers Squibb and Merck have setback in their plans to market diabetes medication Pargluva that aims to control blood sugar while also lowering cholesterol ; Food and Drug Administration defers approval of drug and asks for more information about its cardiovascular safety ( M )
More developers mean more applications and a greater number of Web sites that would channel additional buyers and sellers through eBay , where about $ 40 billion in merchandise already changes hands in a year .
One witness , Mr. Felten , is being called in part to rebut any technical statements Microsoft might make that Government lawyers find questionable .
At the same time , General Motors China and two of its joint ventures introduced three vehicles this week that are versions of GM Daewoo vehicles manufactured here .
SBC Communications , as part of its effort to compete head-on with the cable industry for television subscribers , plans to announce today that it will pay $ 400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines .
Eprex sales provided $ 1.1 billion of Johnson & Johnson 's total sales of $ 33 billion last year .
had to cut production more than Ford in the first quarter .
Since the late 1990 's he has often been the man to beat , having created Verizon Communications -- for a time America 's largest phone company -- by merging Nynex with Bell Atlantic and then buying GTE .
Verizon is accusing Vonage of violating ''at least '' seven patents , according to the complaint , which was filed June 12 in Federal District Court in the Eastern District of Virginia .
Brett Keller , the chief marketing officer at Priceline.com , declined to discuss the commercial in detail before it runs .
Cablevision , Time Warner 's chief competitor in New York , built a fiber network to connect Long Island , Westchester and New Jersey , where its 3.1 million residential and commercial customers are located .
How do I delete comment text in a Microsoft Word file ?
Over all , I.B.M .
In the meantime , Circuit City stores languished while Best Buy was building bigger and brighter stores in better locations .
Verizon 's appeal of the district court 's ruling will be heard in September .
Analysis of obstacles that loom on both sides of Microsoft Corp antitrust case despite push to settle case ( M )
was not able to have the popular Microsoft product on I.B.M .
And yet , even one of the companies that I.B.M .
Mr. Brass is all the more anomalous in Microsoft 's hothouse hacker 's culture , because he is probably known more for his love of good food and wine and his passion for yachting than for his technical accomplishments .
A bigger hurdle for prospective iChat users is that the video tool requires an Apple computer with a processor running at at least 600 megahertz .
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Morgan Stanley 's shares jumped $ 3.50 , or 4.3 percent , to $ 84.1875 , while Lehman 's shares rose 50 cents , to $ 54.125 .
As cat fights go between global giants , it does not get much better than the current one between the Boeing Company and Airbus Industrie .
Novell and A.T. & T. plan to deliver their joint product in the second half of the year , but no prices have been set .
But could Microsoft be successfully spun as an underdog ?
Chubb , which ranks 12th among property and casualty companies but 67th among life insurers , had been pressured by investors to follow an industry trend to concentrate on a single segment of the business .
Investors sent shares of McDonald 's stock up 41 cents , or more than 2.2 percent , to $ 18.78 .
Unisys , Microsoft and Dell Computer will join forces to develop technologies for electronic voting using Internet ( S )
I.B.M .
Fearing a costly stoppage like the General Motors strike , an employer who wants to keep out a union can be expected to fight unionization all the more .
Bitten by the bug to wear a computer , Ted Selker , a technologist and I.B.M .
Executives for EchoStar and the News Corporation declined to comment yesterday .
One of the clouds hanging over Motorola , however , has been Iridium L.L.C. , the $ 5 billion satellite telephone venture that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year .
Even as it proceeds with layoffs of up to 13,000 workers in Europe and the United States , I.B.M .
Customers will gain access to one of three AT & T public telephone exchanges in Britain by dialing a code .
Roy S. Roberts , General Motors ' group vice president for North American vehicle sales , service and marketing , announced today that he would soon retire , as the company struggles to reverse a decline in its share of the United States vehicle market .
But yesterday 's moves were an implicit acknowledgment of criticism that they were not the ones to lead a turnaround at Citigroup .
Kodak surprised analysts three weeks ago when it reported that its third-quarter earnings had plunged to 33 cents a share , 77 percent below profit in the quarter a year earlier .
In another striking example of the divergence in forecasts for the traditional and new media , Mr. Coen , whose agency is part of the McCann Worldgroup unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , predicted that ad spending on the four largest national broadcast television networks would increase just 3 percent next year from 2006 .
After that revelation , Boeing 's former chief financial officer , Michael M. Sears , who negotiated Ms. Druyun 's employment contract , was fired .
AT & T has abandoned its investment in the company that developed the technology , General Magic Inc. of Sunnyvale , Calif .
Industry analysts have speculated that Electronic Arts is competing with Microsoft to acquire Vivendi 's game unit .
Shares in Oracle rose 74 cents to close at $ 13.57 on Wednesday .
Merck announced on Wednesday that it had agreed to antitrust safeguards requested by the commission .
Mr. Chenault , known to be an extremely competitive manager who does not like to lose , disputed the Nilson Report 's data and said that it was still ''inconclusive '' that American Express lost market share last year .
A few hours after Oracle 's announcement , the State of Connecticut said it had filed a lawsuit against Oracle , alleging the company 's proposed takeover of PeopleSoft violates the state 's antitrust laws and would damage its economy .
And in a meeting with investment bankers in London , she also said that people with qualifications like John J. Mack , her mentor during his time as president of the firm , as well as John S. Reed , the former chairman of the New York Stock Exchange , and Robert E. Rubin , chairman of the executive committee of Citigroup , would be attractive chief executive candidates .
I.B.M .
I.B.M .
And there is the sort of nonsystem system pioneered by Southwest Airlines in which passengers board in the order they arrive , with no assigned seats .
In fact , Yahoo began to use Google for some searches in 2000 , helping establish and promote the company .
Wal-Mart Stores and J. Sainsbury of Britain are each drawing up plans to make a counteroffer for Safeway , Britain 's fourth-largest supermarket chain , which last week agreed to be bought by William Morrison Supermarkets , a smaller rival , for £2.7 billion , or $ 4.3 billion , in stock .
Such a move would have given Microsoft an advantage in bundling its own Media Player program with its new operating system .
In a break for United Parcel Service Inc. , postal regulators ordered Deutsche Poste , Europe 's largest mail company , to immediately open part of its delivery network to United Parcel .
Dr Linda Peeno , health care consultant on ethical questions , says it was Clarence Jones , Humana official and brother of company 's chairman , David A Jones , who told her that Giacometti sculpture that company once owned cost it $ 3.8 million , which she says is 'enough for eight heart transplants ' ; was struck years ago , when she was medical reviewer for Humana , that she had to deny payment for heart transplant that cost $ 488,000 , what she thought the sculpture cost until Jones , a friend and neighbor , set her straight ; has made comparison between art and transplants since leaving company , and Glenn Waldman , Humana lawyer , successfully petitioned judge to force her to reveal source of information ; photos ( M )
Editorial urges Indonesian Pres Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to release hotly disputed government report that says sediment in Buyat Bay , where Newmont Mining has been depositing mine waste , is polluted with high levels of arsenic and mercury and seek appropriate remedies from Newmont
Microsoft , they say , seems to be raising the issue of innovation and Government intrusion as a tactical strategy to complicate and prolong the court proceeding .
On the other hand , when Carnival speaks , much of the cruise industry rejoices or trembles .
Thousands of computer programmers who want to work for themselves instead of being employees have run afoul of 1986 tax law in which Congress decreed that most individual programmers can not be entrepreneurs ; this appears to be public policy in conflict with itself , since computer programmers are in such short supply that Clinton Administration is spending millions of dollars in Federal initiatives to train more of them ; law in question excludes programmers from statutes giving employers some flexibility to use independent contractors ; critics say Internal Revenue Servie has recently stepped up its enforcement of law in way that effectively kills start-up programming businesses if their only employee is founder ; law , introduced by Sen Daniel Patrick Moynihan , provided enough money to pay for tax break sought by IBM for its overseas operations ; under Gramm-Rudman deficit control act , Congress is required to pay for any tax cuts with comparable revenue increases or spending cuts ; photo ( M )
In one innovation , Intel has been able to enlarge the source and drain by expanding them to rise above the surface of the chip .
But Wal-Mart 's announcement in February that it could no longer do business here because of skimpy store revenue and escalating union demands is having a much broader impact across Canada and even south of the border .
Finding a way to reach people not on the Web is a major priority for Yahoo , which makes most of its revenue from advertising .
Taking Aim at Microsoft Microsoft may have made peace with Apple , but it still faced attack from many sides .
Priceline.com is extending its last-minute booking feature to all its travel services ; company is allowing customers to buy airline tickets as late as 6 pm on day before their departure ; they can also book hotel room until 6 pm for stay same evening or rent car and pick it up within four hours ( M )
Mr. Cheney sold nearly $ 40 million in Halliburton stock about the time he left the company at prices above $ 50 a share .
One of the companies , which will include Moody 's Investors Service , the bond rating agency , and Dun & Bradstreet , a leading provider of commercial credit , business marketing and purchasing information , will continue to operate as the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Microsoft in the Court of the Investor
Adding new versions of computer software can create so-called 'bit rot , ' in which the updating of one program creates problems throughout the system ; bit rot is an issue in Microsoft 's battle with the Justice Department over its inclusion of new version of Internet Explorer as part of Windows 95 operating system , which led to many complaints that program caused systemwide havoc ( M )
H J Heinz Co and Campbell Soup Co settle legal dispute over Heinz 's attempt to hire a Campbell executive ; two companies have been feuding since last month , when Heinz said that it had hired Daniel O'Neill , who headed Campbell 's domestic soup business , to run Heinz pet food and tuna businesses ; Campbell contended that O'Neill had signed noncompetitive agreement that precluded his working for Heinz for 18 months ; O'Neill has agreed not to take up any duties at Heinz until Sept 15 ; until then he will be permitted no business business contacts with Heinz employees , but may see them socially ( M )
This quarter , Mr. Oppenheimer said , Apple is forecasting revenue of $ 6 billion to $ 6.2 billion and earnings of 70 cents to 73 cents a share .
That is , all except one : the Fox News Channel , the cable network created by Rupert Murdoch to counter what he called CNN 's liberal bias .
Microsoft 's move also comes as some big investors are putting pressure on companies to award fewer options , calling them a prime example of corporate excess in the 1990 's .
Instead of trying to win business by become an equity partner in cable companies , Microsoft is instead focused on improving the server computers and set-top boxes for IP-TV .
The banking system , largely controlled by global institutions like Citigroup and HSBC , has been under fire from legislators and business groups for high fees and a failure to grant credit .
Nordstrom Inc. , which lets each of its stores tinker with the merchandise mix , has staged special events about Hispanic issues .
I.B.M .
Before I.B.M .
The scheduled mid-quarter update came a day after one of Nokia 's chief rivals , Motorola , warned that it would fall short of sales and profit forecasts for the quarter and the year , citing weakening demand in Asia because of SARS .
The growing chorus of criticism was hard to ignore , analysts said , and both Coca-Cola and Cadbury wanted to avoid having their agreement delayed further .
If Procter & Gamble were to gain control , executives with ties to Tchibo say , P. & .G. , based in Cincinnati , would lay off many of Beiersdorf 's 4,800 workers , move its headquarters out of Hamburg , and merge the 121-year-old company into Wella and its other German operations .
San Francisco Gets Proposals For Free Citywide Wi-Fi Net
''I 'd be very surprised to find out we acted illegally '' said Eric Rabe , a spokesman for Verizon .
Chevron 's approach is still a work in progress .
Slamming has become commonplace in the long-distance market in the last few years as upstart carriers have tried to take on more entrenched providers like AT & T , MCI , and Sprint .
Microsoft Accuses Europe Of Colluding With Rivals
In a brief statement , I.B.M .
Mr. Smith , whose account has also been suspended by eBay , said : ''I can justify everything I 've done .
The competition has picked up on the things Nordstrom does well and at they same time has gotten to be better merchants . ''
Microsoft is also helping to finance an industry coalition , Americans for Computer Privacy , to lobby on encryption .
Roger G. Ackerman , chairman and chief executive of Corning , said the company was ''very disappointed at the final amount of the settlement , '' which he said was ''reduced significantly '' in view of moves by Corning to end the disputed practices after it acquired Damon .
Regulators made a similar request of Verizon and MCI .
Bank of America chairman-chief executive Kenneth D Lewis is expected to present to investors his plans for new approach that steers company away from acquisitions and toward more internal growth ; careful measures that Bank of America took in digesting MBNA , stand-alone credit-card giant , in 2005 suggests interest in acquiring skills as much as size ; it is case study in lengths to which company will go to ensure that two vastly different cultures can peacefully coexist ; photo ( M )
Thanks to this built-in following , Microsoft has n't felt much need to keep Internet Explorer current .
Among the positives were that many people think Wal-Mart has a good reputation and that ''we were easily the first retailer you think of with low prices , '' he said .
11 Penn Plaza , near Pennsylvania Station ; 866 United Nations Plaza ; 20 Broad Street , at the tip of Manhattan ; 909 Third Avenue , near East 55th Street ; 1740 Broadway ; and the former General Electric Building at 570 Lexington Avenue and 51st Street .
The 747 , which is built by Boeing , seats about 400 and is the biggest plane now available for passenger service .
Last summer , British Airways placed its first order with Airbus after maintaining an all-Boeing fleet for decades .
*In December , Procter & Gamble , a consumer marketing titan with little experience selling to businesses , contracted with KPMG Consulting to help find licensees for Power Factory , a method for controlling quality and minimizing equipment breakdowns .
Motorola won a $ 4.2 billion fraud judgment against the Uzans last month in Federal District Court in Manhattan .
But that 's all right ; Apple will surely find other messy , dysfunctional institutions to reinvent .
Once the Delaware case is decided , the dispute moves to Alameda County Superior Court in Oakland , Calif. , where PeopleSoft has filed a $ 2 billion lawsuit against Oracle for interfering with its business .
Sherwin-Williams will announce that it will use Linux , operating system that is distributed free , to run point-of-sale computers at its 2,500 stores ( S )
The J. Walter Thompson Company and its sibling agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , named Bob Zach to the new position of worldwide media director for the two agencies ' shared Eastman Kodak Company account .
Time Warner chairman Richard D Parsons says improving company 's America Online Internet business is priority as he tries to bolster share price -- signaling tweak in strategy and belief that stigma of AOL-Time Warner merger is finally thing of past ; indicates that amid pressure from Carl C Icahn , financier and Time Warner shareholder , he is 'looking real hard ' at moves like buying back more stock and increasing dividend ; adds that big buyback and Icahn 's proposal to spin off company 's cable system misses point ; says real driver of enhanced value is going to be AOL ( M )
Deborah Willingham , vice president for human resources at Microsoft , said the company was ''100 percent committed to diversity . ''
Picketing workers at General Motors Corp plant in Flint , Mich , embrace news of tentative agreement ending strike ; photo ( M )
Pepsi-Cola says it will revive its 'Pepsi Challenge ' advertising campaign , which features taste tests pitting Pepsi against Coca-Cola ( S )
''We 're confident that this latest suit , like the others , will be resolved favorably to Intel , '' he said .
Microsoft compelled Compaq to restore the icon by threatening to terminate Compaq 's license to install the Windows operating system if Compaq did not comply ; and
LendingTree , an online loan broker , has experimented with aiming ads at some of the 300 categories of users in Yahoo 's new system , like newlyweds and people who have just moved .
''General Electric Theater '' appeared on CBS from February 1953 to September 1962 and the host for all but the first year was an actor named Ronald Reagan .
''Being overruled twice might weaken his resolve in the Microsoft case , '' Mr. Vinje said , ''but I do n't think so . ''
The European Commission gave conditional approval yesterday to Pfizer 's takeover of Pharmacia , a rival drug company .
Revenue of Sofamor Danek , which is based in Memphis , has been growing four times as fast as sales of Medtronic , an older , much bigger company that is based in Minneapolis .
Correction : November 1 , 2003 , Saturday An article in Business Day yesterday about the third-quarter results for the Comcast Corporation misstated the drop in the number of subscribers to its cable phone service .
Scientists said the condition of multiple sclerosis patients who were treated with Biogen 's genetically engineered beta interferon , an immune system hormone , deteriorated at a measurably slower rate than similar patients who received a placebo .
To obtain the stock , it appears , all that most employees will have to do is to remain employed at Microsoft until the shares become vested .
Interpublic Group of Cos to acquire Fitzgerald & Co and merge it with Atlanta office of its McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising unit ; combined shop will operate under Fitzgerald name ; Clisby Clarke will be chairman ; Dave Fitzgerald will be president and chief executive and become chairman at end of 1998 ( S )
Excluding that , Exxon 's net income for the quarter rose by 14 percent .
''Together , the clout of Time Warner and Turner should make the new company grow faster than it would have alone , '' Mr. Londoner said .
Apple had previously announced that it would begin replacing the PowerPC chips in its Macs with Intel chips by June 2006 .
Many Microsoft haters cheered Mr. Cowpland ( pronounced KOH-plend ) when he bought Wordperfect from Novell Inc. for $ 158 million in March 1996 and challenged the software giant for leadership of the office productivity world .
''Wal-Mart will challenge Amazon for worldwide e-retailing dominance by the year 2005 , '' Burt Flickinger , managing director of Reach Marketing , in Westport , Conn. , predicted .
But Mr. Gates said it soon became clear that Mr. Jobs was seeking a Microsoft investment in Apple .
At the same time , however , Microsoft insisted that ''under either approach , nearly all third-party software programs that rely upon Internet Explorer platform services will continue to function . ''
Already , Boeing has a corporate foreign policy that ranks among the most subtle and sophisticated .
In addition , Mattel selected the New York office of Foote , Cone , to handle its consolidated licensed entertainment properties , including Barney , Sesame Street and Winnie the Pooh , with spending estimated at $ 10 million .
The other Interpublic agencies being hired include Sawyer Miller Advertising in New York ; FutureBrand in New York ; KRC Research in New York ; Powell Tate in Washington , for public affairs assignments ; and Rogers & Cowan in Los Angeles and New York , for entertainment marketing .
The announcement by McDonald 's is just the latest in a series of moves by big food and agriculture companies to respond to consumer and public health concerns about the way the nation 's food is produced .
Consumer groups and rival media companies declared victory in their campaign to persuade the Federal Trade Commission to impose tough restrictions on the Ameria Online-Time Warner merger .
But by giving personal computer makers the option of erasing its Internet browser icon from the face of its Windows operating system , the Microsoft Corporation gave not an inch on any of the larger issues in the case .
On Wednesday afternoon , Apple 's board responded , issuing a statement reiterating that Mr. Jobs had cooperated with Apple 's own inquiry and with federal investigators .
The purchase price , which was not disclosed , was most likely small by Microsoft 's standards .
''Wal-Mart is such a massive presence in the culture that it needs something equally massive to change perceptions of the company , '' Mr. Hanft said .
That is the concern of the clothing company Polo Ralph Lauren , which is seeking to block Polo magazine from using the name Polo .
The Kodak EasyShare DX3700 and DX3215 are the first products created by Kodak with the Zoran Corporation of Santa Clara , Calif. , which makes digital camera and DVD player processors .
A year after Merck 's withdrawal of its arthritis medicine Vioxx led to an industrywide credibility crisis , the Food and Drug Administration is blocking new medicines that might previously have passed muster .
I called Microsoft and was told that I must pay $ 35 to speak to a Microsoft technician .
And he said the biggest operators , like Time Warner and TCI , received a volume discount for carrying the networks anyway .
The Department of Energy yesterday raised the stakes in the international race to build the world 's fastest supercomputer when it announced that it had signed an $ 85 million contract with the International Business Machines Corporation to build a machine capable of 10 trillion calculations a second .
Unabashed Wal-Mart Shopper Speaks
But the plan , which the board adopted last Tuesday , is the first formal acknowledgment that Merck is now so weakened that it may be vulnerable to a takeover .
Jon Kies , a Packard Bell NEC executive , said in a videotaped deposition that ''it would n't make sense to have two very large programs installed '' -- Microsoft 's browser and another that a user might choose to use instead -- ''taking up hard disk space and potentially confusing customers . ''
It is also the strongest indication yet of Procter & Gamble 's intent to play a role in biotechnology , and follows a $ 20 million agreement between the two companies in December to develop drugs for treatment of skeletal muscle injury and atrophy .
Things are equally rosy , if not rosier , at Comcast , Time Warner Cable and Cablevision , which have been signing up hundreds of thousands of new customers for their phone services .
Analysts had expected Microsoft to report earnings per share of 64 cents , according to First Call .
The data also show that sales representatives from GlaxoSmithKline and Bayer are talking to doctors about Levitra 50 percent more than sales representatives from Pfizer are speaking about Viagra .
''This is going to make our capital costs shrink back to where they were six or seven years ago , '' said Michael Splinter , senior vice president and general manager of Intel 's Technology and Manufacturing Group .
Warner-Lambert 's counterclaim , filed yesterday , accused Pfizer of breaking the Lipitor agreement and deliberately misstating parts of the deal .
''As this year unfolds , Intel will become more competitive , '' he said .
The Kodak sign is the second spectacular to be revamped , after the transformation of the Coca-Cola billboard eight and a half years ago .
He said that Moody 's expected to reduce the rating of the existing bonds to B3 , a low junk bond rating , from B2 , while the new bonds would be rated B2 .
Mr. Hickey , who is largely negative on technology stocks , has made a very small bet against I.B.M .
Excluding the settlement-related charge , Microsoft earned 23 cents a share , or just below the Wall Street consensus estimate of 24 cents a share .
Target Corp names Arnold Communications to handle first corproate branding campaign for department store chains Dayton 's , Marshall Field 's and Hudson 's ; spending estimated at $ 40 million ( S )
Earlier today , Dr. Felten had found flaws in many of Microsoft 's arguments for tying the browser to Windows , suggesting that Microsoft 's behavior often contradicts its words .
Correction : May 28 , 2003 , Wednesday An article in Business Day on Friday about a legal dispute involving the price of a sculpture formerly owned by Humana Inc. , the health insurer , referred incorrectly to Dorothy Cherry , the widow of Wendell Cherry , a co-founder of Humana who collected artwork .
Xerox , meanwhile , keeps spewing forth new versions of its own digital copiers .
McDonald 's Corp chief executive James R Cantalupo tells investors that he will bring company back to its glory days by focusing on customer service , clean restaurants and reliable , appealing food ; pledges to inject new energy into company by increasing marketing efforts , introducing products and focusing on new demographic groups , particularly women and young adults ; says investors could expect to see shift in momentum , which he describes as increases in margins and sales , in 12 to 18 months ; photos ( M )
Time Warner says net income rose to $ 575 million in second quarter from $ 23 million a year ago ; revenue declined 2.6 percent , to $ 3.57 billion ( M )
The ads were created by TBWA/Chiat/Day in New York , part of the TBWA Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group .
A Federal judge today pushed back the starting date of the Microsoft Corporation 's antitrust trial by two weeks , to Sept. 23 , while company and Justice Department lawyers bickered over where and how pretrial questioning of William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , would take place .
''There 's no question that the company has turned the corner , '' Richard T. Clark , chief executive of Merck , said in an interview on Tuesday , after Merck reported fourth-quarter earnings above analysts ' estimates .
And the News Corporation , she added , ''ca n't afford to pay any more cash or they 'd be junk . ''
The decline in AT & T 's commercial paper ratings was one reason for its big issue last week .
Andy D. Bryant , Intel 's chief financial officer , said last week that Intel did not lose market share in terms of units during the first quarter , ended April 1 , though he acknowledged that it might have lost market share as measured by revenue -- again a reflection of Intel 's price-cutting .
That 's why Time Warner Books created iPublish.com .
But there was little clue yesterday as to how eager the chief executive of Time Warner , Richard D. Parsons , is to buy MGM .
For example , most of Nordstrom 's buyers missed a rollout by Polo/ Ralph Lauren of a new line of casual sportswear .
Mr. Scott said Wal-Mart would be able to drastically reduce the growth in its spending on new stores -- from up to 20 percent this year to up to 4 percent next year -- because of lower construction material costs and plans to build some smaller stores .
Golfer Tiger Woods signs five-year contract to become spokesman for American Express Co ; American Express will not disclose deal 's financial details ; Brandweek magazine reports that Woods will be paid $ 13 million over five years , including $ 5 million up-front fee ; Brandweek also reports that American Express will spend $ 30 million on advertising and promotion to back its commitment to Woods ; American Express will donate $ 1 million to Woods 's charitable foundation , to benefit junior golf for minorities ; photo ( L )
The most prominent is United Parcel Service , which eBay has integrated into its site , enabling buyers and sellers to calculate rates in advance .
was not the only technology company with a largely positive report yesterday ; Apple Computer Inc. announced earnings of 12 cents a share -- 11 cents better than analysts ' expectations of a penny a share .
For me , it began when my family moved into a new apartment this year and Verizon informed us that we would need to wait two weeks for a working phone line .
While data networking companies like Cisco have appeared more aggressive in encouraging customers to anticipate scrapping their traditional phone networks in favor of more advanced Internet-based systems , older companies like Lucent and Nortel have encouraged a more evolutionary approach .
HIV home tests are expected to grow into market worth $ 100 million to $ 200 million in five years , but questions remain about demographics of purchasers and propriety of giving possibly life-threatening test results over the phone ; kits are manufactured by two companies , Home Access Health , and the Direct Access Diagnostics unit of Johnson & Johnson ; they won Food and Drug Administration approval to market their kits last summer , after decade of being rebuffed ; tests have 99.9 percent accuracy rate ; manufacturers say slightly more than 1 percent of tests are registering positive for HIV ; tests are costly , $ 35 to $ 50 , but for many people , desire for secrecy outweighs price ; challenge for manufacturers is who to aim their marketing at ; tests are selling to gay men , teenagers , heterosexual adults , each likely to respond to different marketing ; photos ; charts ( L )
King , a former president of Corning 's Steuben Glass subsidiary .
Aetna , nation 's largest health insurance company , says its first-quarter operating profit rose 16 percent ; operating earnings were $ 184 million , compared with $ 158.5 million in year-earlier quarter ; revenue rose 39 percent , to $ 7.89 billion from $ 5.69 billion ( M )
At the Microsoft Trial , a Day for Parrying
Comcast to Carry NBA TV
THE Interpublic Group of Companies in New York , which had previously warned of earnings disappointments and accounting irregularities , has surprised Wall Street again with disclosures of additional financial shortfalls and setbacks .
In a sign of just how important those contractors have become to Home Depot , the company for the first time yesterday broke out sales and profit for its ''supply '' business , which caters to professional customers .
Mitchell B. Goldstone , who owns 30 Minute Photos Etc. , in Irvine , Calif. , said he was irritated that Kodak had not set up a method for consumers to upload their digital images to Kodak 's site and then pick up prints at retail sites .
In February , Pfizer said the drug had been so effective in tests on stomach cancer patients that scientists had ended the trials early so that patients receiving a placebo could be given the medicine .
The Exxon-Mobil deal is ''good for consumers , at least in the short term , '' he said , partly because he expected the combined company would find it easier to make a profit despite persistently low oil prices .
Xerox hired him away from I.B.M .
That means it has anchors , reporters and news crews on its staff who can do double duty .
Mr. Murdoch 's News Corporation made an offer in April but the family initially rejected his bid .
Verizon Puts a Condition on Raising Its MCI Bid
VeriSign Inc. the country 's largest registrar of Web addresses ending in .com and .net , plans to jump into the fray on Monday by introducing a Web navigation service that whisks typo traffic to its Site Finder , which will try to put users back on the right track -- and which VeriSign hopes can generate pay-per-click revenue from commercial Web sites that Site Finder would steer their way .
''The problem is that we have been saying that the growth has been slowing for several quarters now but we still report significant increases , so we surprised everybody a bit today , '' said Rick Anguilla , director of investor relations for Nike , in a telephone interview .
and Microsoft probably have the most at stake in terms of reputation , and potential liability .
The changes also represent a significant step away from central precepts of managed care by Aetna , one of the nation 's largest health insurers .
In the coming months , the Bell telephone companies , including SBC and Verizon , will start selling television programming in their most recent effort to crack a market in which they have had almost no presence .
''The egos at the top of Intel are every bit as large as the egos at the top of Microsoft ; they feel just as self-righteous , '' said Richard Shaffer , a principal of Technologic Partners , an industry research company .
Profits at the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , which makes car loans , rose during the fourth quarter to $ 274 million from $ 263 million a year earlier .
As one data networking executive said , ''If you are going to have three enemies , they really should n't be Microsoft , Intel and Compaq . ''
''This is hypocrisy , and Sun is trying to hold Microsoft to a different standard than they hold themselves , '' said Charles Fitzgerald , a Microsoft group program manager .
Just as the mainframe business of the 1970 's and 1980 's has continued to chug along at a comfortable if mature pace , so too personal computing is virtually certain to remain a Microsoft realm .
Analysts said that one reason for the tepid reaction among investors was that fewer Microsoft customers than expected renewed their software subscriptions .
Time Warner executives said they expected the advertising revenue to continue to grow at least at the pace of the online advertising market in future quarters , but declined to give a specific forecast .
Interpublic Board To Add Outsiders
They also say that smaller acquisitions Kodak has made , like one last year that rounded out its wide-format ink-jet printing business , were smart buys .
INTEL 'S LOW-VOLTAGE CHIPS READY
Yahoo actually reported a loss of $ 15.1 million , or 7 cents a share , because of $ 55 million in charges relating to acquisitions .
Merck has said that it is committed to remaining independent , and a spokeswoman repeated that position yesterday .
The dispute has already led to infighting over Robert Pisano , the chief negotiator and national executive director of the Screen Actors Guild , who also sits on the board and is also a shareholder of the online DVD rental company Netflix .
Microsoft replies that the prosecutors are misinterpreting a routine business meeting .
And given VW 's action over the last week or so , General Motors apparently is skeptical that there is a basis for further discussion .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , will continue to sell NAND flash memory , the faster-growing of the two segments , through a joint venture with Micron Technology .
MICROSOFT NAMES .NET CHIEF
The Network Associates and Symantec servers will be available to corporate clients later this year , and the Symantec version will be available to home users as well .
Worldwide , Intel is the clear leader currently , with about 86 percent of the total PC market in the third quarter of 1999 , according to Dataquest .
Yahoo-ized words have spread .
Profiles of Ellen Spertus , Stephanie Winner and Megan Smith , MIT graduates originally profiled in 1993 as women who might change face of computer industry ; industry was , and is , known for scarcity of women ; some larger companies , notably IBM and Microsoft , are focusing on attracting women to their ranks ; photos ( M )
''Microsoft is becoming the de facto desktop on Wall Street , '' said Andrew T. Delaney , senior vice president at Waters Information Systems , a market research firm that closely monitors the financial data services companies .
Over all , AT & T has 304,500 employees , and the corporation yesterday was vague on how many of those will have jobs under the new structure .
Frontier Board Discusses Bid By Qwest but Takes No Action
Boeing reported the discrepancy to the aviation agency and ran a flammability test , which the part failed : it took too long for the flame to die out once the incorrectly produced barriers were set afire .
Aetna has filed a motion to have most of those claims dismissed and to remove the doctors as defendants .
Cisco 's stand-alone sales in the second quarter rose 18 percent from a year earlier , while sales of Scientific-Atlanta products increased 21 percent .
''The day when you hear five major labels are encoding their catalogues in Windows Media and nothing else is the day Microsoft has sewn up the market . ''
''People have been less happy about the equity-compensation side of the equation than almost anything else in their employment here , '' said Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft 's chief executive .
Intel gained $ 1.63 , to $ 30.15 .
Author Anne Rice , reacting with shock and horror to criticisms from readers of her latest book , Blood Canticle , on amazon.com , posts blistering 1,200-word defense of her book on site ; Rice seemed particularly upset by reviewers who implied that she had not worked hard on book , 10th in her Vampire Chronicles series , or suggested that she should have editor ; photos ( M )
In ''Act Now , Apologize Later , '' Mr. Werbach 's 1997 book about activism , he compared Wal-Mart 's growth to a ''virus , infecting and destroying American culture . ''
Verizon May Sell or Spin Off Directory Division Next Year
Intel Settles Suit by Offering Rebates to Some Customers
The lawsuits insist that the reality was otherwise , that officials at I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp expands its relationship with McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising by awarding new account to McCann-Erickson Europe ; billings estimated at more than $ 50 million ( S )
Laura Asman , a spokeswoman for the bottler , said : ''We believe a purified water such as Dasani provides Coca-Cola Enterprises with a high-growth , high-profit product that will capture a significant share of the bottled-water category .
Analysts estimate that Merck 's total liabilities could run as high as $ 30 billion , which is why both the company and its accusers are monitoring the F.D.A .
Boeing Co announces interior design features for its proposed new 7E7 aircraft that underscore importance many airlines say they are assigning to making improvements in passenger comfort in all cabins ; some features noted ; JetBlue Airways is providing free Wi-Fi high-speed wireless Internet service at departure gates at its East Coast base in Terminal 6 at John F Kennedy International Airport in New York ; PricewaterhouseCoopers survey finds occupancy rates at domestic hotels and motels between Thanksgiving and New Year will match those set in 2000 ; General Aviation Manufacturers Association says shipments of business jets were off about 32 percent in first nine months of year , compared with year-earlier period ; Virgin Atlantic says it had increase of 10 percent in traffic in its premium Upper Class seats from August through October ; British Airways is sending its seven retired Concorde supersonic aircraft to be exhibited at Airbus UK plant near Bristol , Eng , Manchester , Eng , airport , Museum of Flight near Edinburgh , Scotland , Heathrow Airport , Museum of Flight in Seattle , Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum in New York City and Grantley Adams Airport in Barbados ; British Air abandons idea of keeping one Concorde plane operational as promotional vehicle for noncommercial , nonsupersonic flight at public events ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
Most major airline carriers report record or near-record passenger loads in last few months ; anyone who joins British Airways frequent-flier program and then takes trans-Atlantic flight on full-fare business-class round-trip ticket , or two one-way tickets , will receive two free coach tickets to almost anywhere in world ; specifics of deal noted ; analysts are not convinced that Carnival Corp will succeed in buying Princess Cruises , but neither do they think it is pipe dream , especially since Carnival has confirmed that it has held talks with Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Co , Princess 's British owner ( Business Travel column ) ( M )
On the deck of the aircraft carrier John C. Stennis , anchored off Oahu and within sight of the solemn memorial for those who lost their lives on Dec. 7 , 1941 , the Walt Disney Company will unveil the $ 135 million movie ''Pearl Harbor '' tonight , a special-effects-filled wartime love story .
Correction : May 18 , 2004 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday about a shift in strategy by the Intel Corporation in the manufacturing of computer chips misspelled the surname of an analyst who commented .
The effort will also emphasize McDonald 's association with the Olympics ; it has been an Olympic sponsor since 1976 .
Microsoft feared that America Online , especially after it bought Netscape Communications , could become a force in software and use its online service to distribute software .
While he spoke fondly of the prospect of his first real vacation in 43 years and assuming chairmanlike duties like flying around the world and meeting with the heads of countries , he also promised to remain involved in such abstruse matters as hedging Citigroup 's foreign exchange exposure .
`` There may be some successes , but I think the media executives are eventually going to come to the same conclusion that AT & T '' did , said Howard Anderson , managing director of the Yankee Group , a research firm in Boston .
It was a position that resonated with the history of Kodak , which popularized the Instamatic camera , and long before that , the Brownie , which had the slogan ''You push the button and we do the rest . ''
So Citigroup resubmitted its bid for the bank with two other Chinese companies , the State Grid , an electric utility , and China Life , a state-run insurance company , each of which are expected to acquire 20 percent stakes ; two other Chinese firms will also acquire sizable stakes .
Correction : August 11 , 2005 , Thursday Because of an editing error , an article in Business Day yesterday about Cisco Systems ' quarterly earnings misstated the period for which Wall Street analysts had expected 25 cents a share .
Still , because Verizon provides local phone service only to a small fraction of Connecticut 's population , it is unclear whether the company will be able to add long-distance customers in the state as easily as it has in New York , where it has signed up 1.7 million customers since the beginning of 2000 .
Boeing Co selects McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising to handle worldwide account ; billings estimated at $ 30 million ; Sealy selects Long Haymes , ending its relationship with Leo Burnett ( S )
After discussing 1998 brand ads with both agencies , the trade publications reported last week , Nike decided to proceed with ideas from Wieden & Kennedy , including a theme , ''I can , '' that would supplement the long-running Nike theme , ''Just do it . ''
Major film and television studios are presenting united front against Writers Guide of America and its demand for higher residuals , but a prolonged writers ' strike poses dangers for big media companies that own studios , including AOL Time Warner , News Corp and Viacom ; there are too many interlocking pieces and meshing gears within Big Media , and they serve as system of checks and balances that can not help but influence way media companies conduct negotiations with writers ; chart ; photos ( M )
Apple may yet have more headaches looming , however .
Airports are expected to handle 3.5 percent more domestic flights this summer compared with last summer , according to Executive Travel SkyGuide , a unit of American Express .
Most did not want him to rush away , fearing the evaporation of the so-called Sandy Weill premium , which had kept Citigroup 's stock trading at a richer price than those of its chief competitors .
In exchange for that , Microsoft places an America Online advertisement and Internet link in Windows 98 .
Macintosh software companies also seemed to be pleased with any new Apple strategy that promised to inspire confidence in buyers .
Tad Piper , an analyst with Piper Jaffray & Company , said he did not think that the PeopleSoft board was ready to accept the latest offer , nor was Oracle 's latest offer necessarily its last .
Cardinal Health Inc agrees to buy Bergen Brunswig Corp for $ 2.41 billion in stock and will assume $ 386 million of debt ; purchase will create nation 's biggest drug wholesaler , with 31 percent of annual $ 64 billion market ; graph ( L )
The government had set the date at April 27 , the day before its remedy proposal was published , to prevent Microsoft from changing plans once it knew the specifics of the government 's proposal .
Together , the actions by both AT & T and its regulators bring the company closer to a new era in which it will have more flexibility but probably more competition than ever before .
On the New York Stock Exchange , Citigroup 's shares fell 87.5 cents , to $ 46.125 .
Blue Shield of California will announce financial payoff for hospitals that meet widely accepted standards for high-quality care ; is introducing incentive program after sharp criticism by some of state 's best-known hospitals , which object to new system under which Blue Shield and few other health plans publicized and favored certain hospitals solely on basis of lower costs ; quality alone will not put hospital on list if its prices are too high ; Blue Cross says it will now evaluate hospitals in terms of both quality and cost-effectiveness ; ones that make cut will cost patients less and thus be likely to attract more patients ; large employers praise new program ; one million California residents covered by Blue Cross will typically pay either additional $ 200 copayment or 10 percent of hospital 's fee for each time they are admited to hospital that is not on Blue Shield 's preferred list ; members will pay health plan 's usual charges for hospitals on list ; Blue Shield program includes number of measures for hospitals being pushed by Leapfrog Group , collection of large employers including General Motors , General Electric and Boeing that banded together in 1999 to promote higher-quality care ; IBM , PepsiCo , Verizon , Xerox and Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield are involved in Leapfrog Group experiment in New York ( M )
But the leaders of Boeing 's professional union said white-collar workers at many companies fail to recognize the power they have to shut down operations .
AT & T 's shares barely budged on the news , rising 19 cents , to $ 13.14 .
Microsoft pointed to interviews with the journalist Ken Auletta , published this month in The New Yorker and in the book ''World War 3.0 , '' in which the judge suggested that William H. Gates has ''a Napoleonic concept of himself and his company , '' and compared its executives to gang members .
Airbus , part of the European consortium EADS , surpassed Boeing in 2004 in the number of planes delivered to airlines for the second consecutive year .
''And ultimately it shows that Cisco is a company which has been very cautious , very conservative about how it approaches these things . ''
Shares of Intel , which is scheduled to report its third-quarter earnings today , fell 64 cents , to $ 24.38 .
Mr. Miller also hopes this plan will help Time Warner 's lagging stock price , even before AOL 's fortunes turn around .
He also led the development of Amazon 's ''search inside the book '' project , which lets visitors to the Amazon.com and A9.com Web sites search the complete contents of more than 100,000 books the company has digitally scanned .
With the oil and gas industry generally marching , and lobbying , in lockstep , it is often hard to separate Exxon and Mobil from their rivals .
The complaint also details an option grant in early 2001 that was made to six senior Apple executives , including Mr. Anderson and Ms. Heinen .
With a crucial personal-injury trial over Vioxx set to begin in New Jersey next week , the debate heated up again yesterday about whether Merck understated the drug 's risks in a journal article in November 2000 .
Philip Guarascio , General Motors Corp 's vice president in charge of advertising and corporate marketing , will retire effective May 1 after 14 years with company ( S )
The withdrawal , she said , came after Nike executives telephoned NBC executives and ''explained they had just started this new campaign and while they admired our creativity , it was n't something that reinforced their messages . ''
Mr. Bryant added that it was too early to tell whether Intel 's improvements in the flash memory business resulted from a gain in market share or simply reflected the overall increase in the business .
But exactly what it means to have a unionized Wal-Mart store in China is unclear because unions in this country do not have a history of bargaining power .
I.B.M .
I.B.M .
The company can not simply affix Motorola 's wings logo to products to indicate that its chips are inside because the chips are often in products that compete against the Motorola brand name , executives say , and that could create co-branding tensions , conflicts and consumer confusion .
Microsoft Shuts Blog 's Site After Complaints by Beijing
will continue to ship , support and develop AIX which represents years of I.B.M .
His Boeing compensation includes an annual salary of $ 1.75 million and a maximum bonus of $ 4 million , as well as more than $ 25 million in restricted stock awards and $ 22 million in supplemental retirement benefits , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Nikos Theodosopoulos , an analyst with UBS Warburg , said : ''Cisco has done a phenomenal job .
Analysts and investors have called for ChevronTexaco to abandon Dynegy or take it over .
The parties did agree that the arrangement , which is not exclusive , could be expanded to all of AT & T Comcast 's cable systems , if both sides eventually agree to do so .
Mr. Carpenter took over Citigroup 's small alternative investments group in 2002 , transforming it into a $ 40 billion global business that participates in large private equity , hedge fund and derivatives deals .
In the early 1980 's , Mr. Gates routinely appeared with Mr. Jobs at industry gatherings , even at Apple sales conferences , expressing his support for Apple .
For now , Amazon will not charge publishers to display pages from their books , said Jason Kailar , its vice president for book , music and video sales .
This extra compensation , NASD said , included millions of dollars in commissions paid by the mutual funds to Morgan Stanley .
In his comments on the case , Thomas B. Crane , a Honeywell spokesman , emphasized the 2.35 percent figure to reporters and analysts .
But in court last week , it was Microsoft 's lawyer who seemed to be a follower of the movement 's mythical leader , King Ludd .
The strength shows Texas Instruments is gaining share in the market , probably at the expense of its rival Motorola .
Ralph Lauren Polo Going Online
A spokesman for Fuji Photo Film , which in June wrested away Wal-Mart , a plum Kodak photo-finishing customer , refused to comment on the Kodak-CPI deal , but analysts noted that competition among all the photographic companies had intensified .
But the announcement was nevertheless interpreted by investors as a sign that I.B.M .
It was a decision that assuredly helped Microsoft , the company admits , but it was also in Intel 's enlightened self-interest because the giant chip maker 's main business is selling new computers powered by Intel microprocessors , and the increased demands of each new iteration of Windows sends buyers scurrying to buy more powerful computers .
Richard A Posner , federal mediator in Microsoft Corp antitrust case , tells officials that he may be able to broker settlement , prompting trial Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson to delay his ruling , which was due March 28 ; Posner has laid out aggressive weeklong schedule of proposals and counterproposals between Microsoft and Justice Department ; state attorneys general are protesting schedule , which allows them only two days to review any agreement between Microsoft and federal government ( M )
The earnings report came after the close of trading , with Apple up 11 cents a share , to $ 38.35 , on Nasdaq .
In this case , Procter and Colgate-Palmolive seek to persuade consumers that there are significant distinctions between their toothpastes that could potentially affect health .
With the computer and video game industry under siege because of concerns about marketing violent content to children , Microsoft 's offering could represent the most widespread program available for parents to use to limit their children 's exposure to games they consider unsuitable .
Mark Verbeck , a senior research analyst with Epoch Partners , an investment firm in San Francisco , said the shift to free services would encourage developers to create programs for Oracle 's platform .
And he put significant emphasis on the cost-cutting effort , noting that Citigroup 's transformation was a long-term project .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , Calif. , is not alone in doing research in this field .
''The primary purpose of these changes is to place these people in better positions to serve our customers , '' said Michael J. Boskin , chairman of the Oracle board 's nomination and governance committee .
Mr. Kamman said that if , as he suspects they will , telecommunications networks move to Internet Protocol , Cisco could eventually emerge as the leader in carrier equipment , as it did in local networks .
''We want to work the kinks out , then take it larger , '' said Sam Chernak , a vice president at Comcast .
President Bush has chosen Robert B. Zoellick , a senior diplomat and trade envoy who became a top Goldman Sachs executive last year , to lead the World Bank and try to heal the bitter rifts left by the ouster of Paul D. Wolfowitz , the administration said Tuesday .
In her ruling last week , Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of Federal District Court for the District of Columbia in Washington recognized that server software competition represented the most likely threat to Microsoft .
Gap 's big presence in American apparel retailing has gradually eroded over the last decade , as nimble rivals serving smaller segments of the American population -- like Abercrombie & Fitch for teenagers and American Apparel for 30-something urbanites -- have taken consumers .
The I.B.M .
But the voice-identification system being tested by NCR and A.T. & T. will make it more difficult for thieves to use stolen A.T.M .
Intel has not cut its list prices , analysts said , while A.M.D .
As AOL 's show unfolded inside Avery Fisher Hall at Lincoln Center , Microsoft made its presence felt by dispatching dozens of in-line skaters dressed as purple butterflies , like its logo , to carry signs promoting MSN outside .
I.B.M .
Ms. Makovich , the company spokeswoman , said , ''I.B.M .
Last May a British court ruled in Apple 's favor against Apple Records , the Beatles ' Apple Corps recording label .
One fan of Ms. Stefani , April Van Zandt , of Landers , Calif. , said she and several friends she had met online had labored on a home-made Gwen Stefani music video for a Verizon-backed contest that was withdrawn because of the company 's move .
For its part , Microsoft insists that its legal staff advises its managers in every division on antitrust matters .
Continuing to grow at a pace that will enable it to usurp I.B.M .
Allstate 's stock closed down 19 cents at $ 63.30 yesterday .
official , Thomas Newkirk , testified today about Andersen 's settlement of a civil case stemming from its work for Waste Management , a former client that became enmeshed in an accounting scandal .
Louis V Gerstner Jr , in interview on International Business Machines Corp 's management reorganization , describes his early , uncertain days at IBM as outsider suddenly in charge of troubled American icon ; photo ( M )
Home Depot said rising gas prices had not affected its business this year , but the chief executive of Wal-Mart , H. Lee Scott Jr. , warned that fuel costs had begun to pinch the chain 's shoppers in April and ''could pressure our results as we move into the second quarter . ''
''Microsoft is getting the best lobbyists that money can buy , and they 've got a lot of money . ''
For example , Photo Gallery can play slide shows -- but if you want music too , Microsoft cheerfully suggests that you first switch into another program and start some music playing there .
Commenting on Mr. Gates 's E-mail , Paul Maritz , a senior Microsoft executive , noted on the same day that there was ''a strong faction within Intel '' that wanted to use N.S.P .
Coke has one anchor bottler , Coca-Cola Sabco , based in Port Elizabeth , in which it holds a 21 percent stake , and scores of smaller ones .
Electronic Arts said Wednesday that in the quarter ended March 31 , it had sales of $ 641 million , up from $ 553 million a year ago .
Electronic Arts said it worried it might risk losing its customers to competing Microsoft games .
Moreover , while manufacturers on the Microsoft-Intel side of the PC industry are being pinched by prices that are spiraling below $ 500 with no end in sight , Apple , the ''Think Different '' company , is busily selling a line of desktop computers whose price begins at $ 1,500 , helping raise Apple 's profit margin more than a point from last year , to 26.2 percent .
One positive result of Investor Day , judging by the attention the audience paid to the presentation , was Interpublic 's outline of another rescue plan for Lowe , which has fallen into the red because of the loss of big accounts like Macy 's and Tesco as well as continual management turnover .
The statement included few specifics , but perhaps the most intriguing aspect of yesterday 's deal was the announcement that the companies intended to develop an Internet browser , posing a potential challenge to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
Microsoft 's two major competitors in providing Internet services said yesterday that they had no plans to emulate its decision to shut down many free chat rooms in the United States and abroad .
Bill Carr , vice president for digital media at Amazon , said that the service would also provide a better experience than the video-on-demand stores offered by cable companies , mostly because its selection is greater and the Internet allows for easier browsing .
Investors were particularly nervous about Bank of America , which had sharply lowered earnings estimates last month , citing bigger loan losses .
I.B.M .
Microsoft Tries a New Approach To Win Over Europe Regulators
Over the summer , the Justice Department and states continued investigating Microsoft 's dealings with other companies and came up with new evidence involving Intel , Apple Computer and others -- all of it , the Government said , fit into Microsoft 's ''pattern of behavior '' intended to stifle competition .
Mr. Broadwater said the sale price for the Time Warner unit , at about one times revenue , was in line with expectations that the publishing business was not expected to grow quickly .
Indonesia hopes that Exxon Mobil will resume production at its natural gas fields in strife-torn province of Aceh by end of May ( S )
Shareholders of Comcast , based in Philadelphia , are scheduled to vote on the $ 72 billion deal in June .
Some of the scores of customers who say they were defrauded said that eBay did not respond quickly enough to their warnings , but Mr. Pursglove said that the company acted as rapidly as its procedures allowed .
MCI Said to Want Higher Offer From Verizon
The quarter 's results appeared to reflect well on continuing efforts at cutting costs and improving return on assets since the merger of Exxon and Mobil seven years ago .
Charles Palmer , who manages a computer security research group at I.B.M .
Johnson & Johnson wants to renegotiate its deal with Guidant because it contends that a series of recent product recalls and federal investigations have materially affected Guidant 's ''short-term results and long-term outlook . ''
Last year , Microsoft bought a $ 1 billion stake in the Comcast Corporation , a major cable company that owns a small interest in the At Home Network , a provider of cable Internet services .
Advertisers like Apple Computer Inc. that have sponsored the two series will continue ; new sponsors will include Intel , the Toyota Motor Corporation and the Visa USA unit of Visa International .
There were no exclusive contracts , according to the Government , because I.B.M .
Raytheon , however , took a $ 325 million charge in its first quarter to cover the cost of completing two construction projects Washington had halted , and it has said in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the remaining 15 guaranteed engineering and construction projects may expose Raytheon to an additional $ 125 million in liabilities if Washington halts them .
Starbucks , based in Seattle , is represented by Baker & McKenzie .
Now Mr. Dimon , chairman and chief executive of Bank One , is in line to become chief executive of J.P. Morgan , which will be a whisker away from Citigroup in total assets .
Microsoft 's earnings , excluding the big charge for bad investments , were 43 cents a share .
But though I enjoyed the camaraderie of the workplace , and my Gap wardrobe , I 'll resist the merchants ' pleas and leave retail to the young and hardy .
Even Morgan Stanley Dean Witter joined in the fun .
Interpublic agencies have also long worked for Unilever , a principal competitor of Procter & Gamble .
A price war between the News Corporation and EchoStar , however , could end up lasting far longer than normal .
AT & T is to provide residential phone services , pay phones , calling cards , prepaid debit cards and other services .
Aon 's closest competitor has .
The drift of Microsoft 's cross-examination , Judge Jackson said , was that ''Microsoft recognized the significance of what you did and ran with it . ''
Besides , I do n't think Intel wants to be the test case , the litmus test for intellectual property cases . ''
For Sidney Harman , the 88-year-old founder of the company , who owns about 5 percent of its stock , the sale will not end his involvement in the business , which he started in 1953 .
Mr. Burt displayed memos and E-mail from Sun executives describing ambitions to challenge Microsoft using Java .
Clay Mathile , the chairman and owner of Iams , called the sale to Procter & Gamble .
Time Warner 's vice chairman , Ted Turner , had initially indicated an interest in holding on to Turner Pictures , but he apparently has more recently decided that it was not a viable alternative .
Home Depot names Robert L Nardelli , president and chief executive of GE Power Systems , as president and chief executive , replacing Arthur M Blank , who will join Bernard Marcus as co-chairman ; Nardelli was a prime contender to succeed John F Welch Jr as chairman of General Electric until Jeffrey R Immelt was chosen ; Nardelli portrait ( M )
Mr. Kaplan , of Manhattan , operates Amazonscan.com , a new Web site that grabs sales-ranking data from Amazon.com and displays the information as an enormous best-seller list of titles .
Mr. Boies carried off a highly effective cross-examination of Microsoft witnesses earlier this year by raising assorted credibility questions for all of them .
What is more , the Justice Department suit accuses Microsoft of having once approached its then-infant rival , the Netscape Communications Corporation , with an offer to divide the Internet market .
The tatty but tenacious tabloid is a blunt but effective journalistic tool , using looser standards to float articles and themes that other news outlets will not touch -- until , of course , they are published in The Post .
At the meeting , Mr. Barksdale said , the Microsoft team , led by Dan Rosen , proposed that Netscape not market a browser for the Windows 95 operating system , which was shipped two months later .
The misconduct , involving 8 to 10 midshipmen , is said to have occurred aboard the Carnival Cruise Lines ship Glory over spring break , for about a week beginning on March 10 , the academy said .
Although Kodak has cut about 23,000 jobs since 1997 , most analysts contend that further slimming is needed .
Merck , which financed some of the epidemiological reports , had argued that such research was inconclusive because of methodological problems .
Since then , the firm has put the Morgan Stanley Dean Witter brand on almost all of its other operations .
Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , revamped its jewelry section to focus on selling diamonds en masse in 1995 .
Yesterday , Raytheon shares fell 51 cents , to $ 28.54 .
Nike has not been able to fix every problem in what are still monotonous , taxing jobs that can require handling hazardous material .
Producers at Electronic Arts saw the music credits as a waste of screen space , and preferred to leave the liner notes where they had always been : at the back of a game 's instruction booklet .
Mr. Lorsch said it remained to be seen how Raytheon employees would react and whether Mr. Swanson 's failure to attribute his rules would undercut his credibility .
A federal appeals court handed Microsoft a convincing victory yesterday in the company 's long-running campaign to put an end to its antitrust problems , by upholding the settlement the company reached with the government two years ago .
''Microsoft and Intel are both 800-pound gorillas , both so critical to the economy , that it should not surprise either of these companies that they are under antitrust scrutiny , '' said Robert Litan , director of economic studies at the Brookings Institution , and a former chief economist in the Justice Department 's antitrust division .
The General Electric Company said on Monday that it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering back-office unit in India to two private equity firms for $ 500 million .
And Target sells several lines of branded clothing that are promoted as available only in its stores , including Cherokee , Merona and Mossimo .
By combining these phones with Symbol 's handsets , Motorola could make even bigger inroads into the market serving corporate customers , analysts said .
`` By positioning itself to re-enter the local telephone market , A.T. & T. could expand choices for customers . ''
( Microsoft suggests changing your startup page to something customizable , like www.mymsn.com . )
Merck did not admit to any liability in agreeing to the settlement .
''We believe copyright covers a compilation of facts , '' said Tom Williams , a spokesman for Wal-Mart , which sent out at least seven letters to Web sites over the last week .
''This appeal is critically important in the sense that the court defines the meaning of integrated products and provides Microsoft with the clarity it needs to go forward with its business . ''
Intel Corp will spend about $ 400 million to build new semiconductor assembly plant in Shanghai ( S )
Bill Gates , the company 's co-founder and chief software architect , introduced an updated version of Microsoft 's Live Meeting service for Web conferencing and document sharing ; Microsoft Office Live Communications Server 2005 for corporate instant messaging ; and a new instant messaging program , Microsoft Office Communicator 2005 .
Xerox , Under Audit Review , Delays Financial Report
While Microsoft officials did not directly dispute word of the overture to 3Com , they rebutted suggestions that they had lost confidence in the Windows CE software .
Citigroup is seeking at least $ 300 million in damages from its former investment manager in Brazil , Daniel Dantas , accusing him of working against the bank 's interests while overseeing its private equity fund there .
Home Depot 's founders , Bernard Marcus and Arthur Blank , explicitly banned such products from their stores , arguing they would dilute the company 's focus on the home .
Among the beneficiaries of Mr. Rumsfeld 's reversal is the Lockheed Martin Corporation , maker of the C-130J Hercules , which is used for heavy lifting .
In a 23-page declaration filed today at the Federal District Court in Washington , Mr. Fisher said that he had studied the evidence in the case and had determined that Microsoft had engaged in competition-crimping behavior .
Boeing 's Deal Quickens Pace For Arms Industry Takeovers
A Microsoft spokesman , Adam Sohn , conceded that the message was confusing but insisted it was an innocent mistake .
''I 've seen a backlash , but it 's coming from the open-source community that will criticize Apple at the drop of at hat , '' he said .
Europe 's antitrust regulators will start a full investigation of a proposed joint venture by the Coca-Cola Company and Carlsberg A/S to bottle and distribute Coke products , industry sources said today .
That sort of broad advertising sales approach is a main reason why , executives said , Mr. Turner 's operational duties are being taken over by Mr. Pittman , the AOL executive who is to oversee all pay services of AOL-Time Warner .
It is expensive -- $ 9.95 an hour -- on the Boeing plan .
Todd Gallentine is named to new post of co-creative director at Kelliher Samets Volk , sharing those duties with Bill Drew ; John M Lisko is named strategic communications director at Los Angeles office of Saatchi & Saatchi , succeeding Bonnie Chan ; Bill Bergofin is named vice president for marketint on Time Warner Cable account , new post at Shepardson Stern & Kaminsky ( S )
sale of i.b.m .
The PlayStation was especially scarce and sold out almost immediately on Amazon and elsewhere .
''We 're now shooting for $ 2 billion , '' Geoff Henley , Oracle 's chief financial officer , said in a telephone interview .
Industry bankers and accountants are trying to answer just that : What is the value of MCI , a company for which Qwest Communications has already made a tentative offer of about $ 6.3 billion , and on which Verizon Communications has been running the numbers .
''Delphi is being gradually introduced to the real world by General Motors , and it 's cold out there , '' said David B. Healy , an auto analyst at Burnham Securities .
The deal 's breakdown could present a challenge to Johnson & Johnson 's strategy of growth by acquisition .
''Medtronic and Sofamor Danek are an excellent fit , '' Mr .
Campbell Soup Chief Says He Will Retire
And Mr. Murdoch is expanding his television news operations elsewhere in the world , including India , China and Italy .
John Chambers , Cisco 's chief executive , acknowledged in a conference call with analysts that the market ''continues to be challenging '' and described demand in some product categories as uneven .
Apple Computer Inc posts fiscal second-quarter earnings exceeding analysts ' expectations ; reports net profit of $ 40 million ; revenue reached $ 1.5 billion compared with $ 1.43 billion year ago ; chief financial officer Fred Anderson comments ( M )
Conservatives Help Wal-Mart , and Vice Versa
In addition to operational improvements , Boeing also seems to be encouraged by a faster-than-expected turnaround in Asia , where some of its most important customers were forced to retrench after the severe economic downturn in the region in 1997 .
Government 's antitrust case against Microsoft Corp is shaping up as high-decibel , often nasty battle to sway public opinion as well as courts ; company finds itself facing unusually coherent alliance of Federal and state governments , which will use vast array of tools , including : talk-show appearances ; documents that cast it as arrogant monopolist ; testimonials from distinguished academics , and scarcely veiled threats of even further charges ; debate over whether to try to block shipment of Windows 98 , latest version of company 's operating system , tested ability of Government and states to cooperate and also illustrated mixture of economic , legal and public relations considerations in landmark antitrust case ; Justice Department determined , and states eventually agreed , that trying to block Windows 98 could prove to be misstep for both legal and public relations reasons ; felt that since case being made in name of consumer choice there would be little justification in blocking new product that millions of consumers undoubtedly want to buy ; Government and states are arguing that case against Microsoft is about nation 's economic future ( M )
Microsoft Starts The Recruiting For Its Next War
Retreating From Dial-Up Business , Microsoft Aims MSN.com at Yahoo
And once PC 's began infiltrating corporate America , a virtually exclusive I.B.M .
He joined the company as a controller in 1974 and was appointed the president of McDonald 's International in 1987 .
Besides vying with the existing online game operators , Electronic Arts will also be wading into online competition with both Sony and Sega , also leading producers of game software .
Ten years ago , Kodak manufactured the first digital camera aimed for sale to retail consumers , the $ 749 QuickTake 100 , sold by Apple Computer .
''It was clear to us that the threat was credible and fairly terrifying , '' Mr. McGeady testified at the Microsoft antitrust trial .
T. the Extra-Terrestrial , '' will be the focus for a coming campaign by Arnell Group Brand Consulting in New York for Progressive automobile insurance .
Interpublic Group of Companies hires Arthur E D'Angelo as chief financial officer at its McCann-Erickson World Group division ; appointment seen key move in bid to repair recent financial and operational difficulties ( M )
AT & T Puts New Emphasis On Satellites
Coca-Cola reassigns advertising for its drinks in one of Madison Avenue 's biggest account shifts .
''The Next acquisition should mean more competitive systems not just from Apple , but also from the makers of Mac clones , '' Mr. Hartsook said .
In many ways the upheaval at Morgan Stanley was highly unorthodox .
They note that in a survey compiled by Consumer Reports last year , consumers said that Verizon had the best coverage in 17 of the 18 cities covered by the poll .
Intel said the change reflected the effoect of a continuing focus on cost improvements and manufacturing efficiencies .
''India 's unbeatable developer strength has ensured that we are in the top slot for Microsoft globally . ''
The new unit of Thompson , also owned by WPP Group , will be called Ford Motor Media .
Indeed , it is a measure of Mr. Jobs 's charisma and leadership prowess that despite the lack of a rumored network computer deal with the Oracle Corporation that had been predicted by a number of publications , analysts today gave the company 's co-founder and acting chief executive positive marks in his bid to restore Apple to stability .
In the competition for online advertising , Microsoft is betting that it can gain an edge by wooing developers with superior software tools .
Neither would Mr. Sciales disclose the revenue that I.B.M .
According to a report prepared by the Senate 's investigations subcommittee , American oil companies , especially Exxon Mobil , Amerada Hess and Marathon , had numerous outside business ventures and other financial relationships in Equatorial Guinea with Mr. Obiang and his government -- in addition to the companies ' oil pursuits in the country .
Roughly 60 percent of those people seemed to qualify for the program , said Andrew McCormick , a spokesman for Pfizer .
In an unexpected announcement , Gap Inc. said yesterday that Millard S. Drexler , its chief executive , would resign as soon as a successor was named .
After Judge Jackson issued his injunction in December , Microsoft appealed , leading to today 's decision .
Communicator and the Suitespot software that works with it on the hub machines in computer networks , or servers , are partly a tactic to cope with Microsoft 's challenge in the browser market .
But Target executives , who plan to roll out more stores in the New York area soon , want New Yorkers to begin thinking of Target for bathing suits , light bulbs , cotton balls and dishes .
Lipitor has become the prize in the merger battle involving Pfizer , Warner-Lambert and the American Home Products Company .
Mr. Cook said Apple was working to improve its distribution channels there .
Like his predecessor , Charles L. Brown , the AT & T chairman who engineered the 1982 breakup , Mr. Allen zealously kept the plan under wraps .
Boeing also runs the risk of alienating other leasing companies , which are among the biggest buyers of its airplanes .
Ford Motor Co plans to increase average fuel economy of its sport utility vehicles by 25 percent , or roughly five miles a gallon , over next five years ; increase would be first major change in fuel economy of any passenger vehicle class in almost 20 years ; Ford , at least at first , does not plan to pass extra cost of producing more fuel-efficient vehicles directly to customers , expecting increased sales to offset lower profits ( M )
Apple plans to switch its entire Macintosh line to Intel processors by the end of this year .
''Quite the contrary , we want a strong Microsoft .
Motorola has also told analysts to expect news soon about the long-awaited introduction of a new generation of digital cellular phones .
But Ford says this decision was made years ago for reasons unrelated to the tires .
Nissan is seeking the same sort of deal that Sumitomo made with Goodyear , and the Mitsubishi Motors Corporation is shopping bits of itself around .
The brand 's account was moved between two shops on the Coca-Cola agency roster , arriving at the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago from Lowe & Partners/SMS in New York .
They also complain that the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner , on whose approval the plan depends , is a former Cigna employee who has not excused herself from the case and that she has provided the department 's study of the company 's proposals to Cigna and its backers , but not to others .
Some of that reserve will cover litigation that relates to last week 's settlement , Citigroup said in a statement .
After he was ousted by Apple , he created a stylish computer called the Next cube , which made its debut with an oddball optical-storage drive .
VeriSign servers , now in 20 regional centers around the world , will be expanded to 70 sites .
APPLE 's NEW OPERATING SYSTEM -- Still basking in the warm glow of the iMAC 's success , Apple Computer this week released MAC OS 8.5 , the new operating system for Macintosh .
Together , the two would be a formidable competitor to any rival , whether it be a combined Oracle-PeopleSoft or I.B.M. , which has its own platform , called WebSphere , and advises companies on how to integrate their software .
Or they can use Verizon 's Web site , www.verizon.com , to order new service or request repairs .
While sales of Adobe 's Acrobat programs are rising , sales in the company 's other business units have seen a steady decline .
Yahoo says a customer service team has been working with advertisers to help them understand how to make ads more relevant .
That is when Tri-Vision took , as Mr. Eldon described it , ''the next step '' and demanded a license from Best Buy Canada , a wholly owned unit of the Best Buy Company , which operates stores under its own name as well as the Future Shop brand throughout most of Canada .
He said that he believed that the antitrust issues raised by Microsoft 's control of personal computer operating systems were different from those that have traditionally arisen in other industries .
He said Exxon had spent about $ 417 million so far this year on stock repurchases .
Bank of America said the $ 100 million it was setting aside would cover reimbursements to fund investors , fees for lawyers and a team of consultants hired to review the business , among other things .
The company 's ''adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization '' -- the method Time Warner uses to present year-over-year performance excluding one-time items -- increased to $ 2.655 billion in the quarter , from $ 2.489 billion .
The Ford Motor Company said today that its sales dropped 4.3 percent last month , as the Big Three American auto makers lost ground to Japanese auto makers that benefited from favorable exchange rates .
Google and Yahoo , which are paid each time a user clicks on those ads , are increasingly looking for new places to put them .
The Justice Department may choose to file a reply to Microsoft 's brief on Tuesday .
Mr. Hernández and Alfredo Harp , chairman of the parent company , will join the Citigroup board after the deal is completed .
Interpublic Group of Companies names Frank J Borelli as its new presiding director ( S )
Interpublic Group of Companies in New York acquires unspecified stake in Suissa Miller in Los Angeles ( S )
In particular , she said , planned drilling in the ExxonMobil project appeared to be too close to the feeding area .
But lately , Microsoft seems to be taking Novell more seriously .
This week , for example , Google announced that it was beginning to weave together a number of services that could be a Web-based competitor to Microsoft Office .
Ms. Zandl , who visited a large number of Gap stores during a cross-country research expedition , added that while it was too early to say the Gap had recaptured its cool , ''the stores I saw were definitely busy . ''
Under Mr. Geier , Interpublic has expanded its holdings beyond traditional advertising into communications like public relations , direct marketing , sales promotion , health care marketing , corporate branding and Internet advertising .
LVMH first took its concerns about Ms. Kent 's rating to Morgan Stanley executives more than a year ago , a person close to the bank said , but was told that the bank 's research and investment banking departments were independent of one another .
Craig R. Barrett , Intel 's chief executive , told the 300 or so shareholders assembled at a convention center near its headquarters in Santa Clara , Calif. , that valuing the cost of employee stock options requires accountants to make their best guess of their future worth , meaning that Intel 's financial statements ''would in fact be less accurate , not more '' if it adopted the shareholder recommendation .
Giving surfing glamour a futuristic twist , a current commercial for Intel 's Centrino wireless technology shows a Blue Man Group member zipping by on a hoverboard .
The Eastman Kodak Company replaced the head of its ailing consumer division yesterday , part of an accelerating effort by the company 's chairman , George M. C. Fisher , to slash costs and reconstruct its photography business .
Microsoft 's chief executive , Steven A. Ballmer , met with Europe 's top antitrust official , Neelie Kroes , on Tuesday evening , only to be told that Microsoft must comply with Europe 's antitrust ruling ''urgently and in full , '' her spokesman , Jonathan Todd , said Wednesday .
The Boeing Company said on Monday that it had kicked off its 7E7 jet , its first new airplane in more than a decade , after receiving an order from Japan 's All Nippon Airways for 50 planes .
Amgen hopes to have a new factory operating in the next few months but has lowered its sales estimates for Enbrel for next year .
Apple Computers will buy chips for its Macintosh computers from Intel , ending 14-year relationship with IBM ; was reportedly alarmed by IBM 's failure to deliver new version of its Power PC chip , called G5 , that does not generate much heat -- crucial feature for notebook computers ; shift is clear and long-coveted win for Intel , but portends potentially troublesome shift for Apple ; IBM is losing prestigious customer , but not one that is any longer very important to its sales or profits ; photo ( M )
's investments in other companies and continuing currency pressures , made it ''problematic '' that I.B.M .
The October 2000 plan to spin off the unit by next year has been up in the air since the Comcast Corporation made an unsolicited bid last summer to acquire the cable business for $ 44.5 billion .
The discovery left Exxon Mobil controlling an unusually large portion of one of Indonesia 's most significant oil resources .
Dow Corning Corp files bankruptcy reorganization plan that includes $ 3.2 billion to settle claims from women over its silicone breast implants and $ 1.3 billion in payments to commercial creditors ; plan would end one of most controversial disputes in American corporate history and allow claimants to receive money as early as next year ; chart on highlights of litigation ( M )
It is not that Nike is banned from exporting products to the United States .
Excerpts From Appeals Court Ruling on Microsoft
Not that Mr. Seidenberg wants Verizon , with about $ 90 billion in sales , to be known as the biggest Bell .
Around company headquarters in Bentonville , Ark. , an hour 's plane ride from Dallas , when anybody asks , ''Why are there so many Wal-Marts in Texas ? ''
''Operational excellence has returned to Apple . ''
Seeking to persuade investors that its stock is undervalued , the Ford Motor Company said late today that it would distribute to shareholders its 80.7 percent stake in its highly profitable consumer and commercial lending unit , handing out shares in the Associates First Capital Corporation worth nearly $ 18 billion .
The Government has contended that through exclusionary deals with computer makers and gateway services to the Internet like America Online , Microsoft made it more difficult and expensive for Netscape to distribute its browser .
But the future minority investors -- members of the public -- would be betting that this little company 's speech technology will be good enough , either on its own or in partnership with one of the industry giants like Sun Microsystems or Intel -- or maybe even Microsoft .
''Dell 's trying to support the notion that Intel is closing the performance gap with A.M.D. , '' said Matt Eastman , an analyst with the market research firm IDC .
Behind AOL 's new path is a road strewn with wreckage : its financially disastrous merger with Time Warner in 2000 led to large write-downs and management upheaval , a depressed stock , recently settled regulatory investigations and shareholder lawsuits , and the removal of AOL from the company 's corporate name and stock ticker two years ago .
I.B.M .
For graphics work , Microsoft even tapped its research division , including Jim Blinn , a leading computer graphics researcher who came from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
By 2008 , Verizon 's fiber network could save the company about $ 1 billion annually in operating costs , according to analysts .
We think this is great news for Xerox . ''
''There were no exclusive contracts , just a lot of hard bargaining by both companies , '' said William H. Neukom , general counsel of Microsoft .
In contrast , the other two advisory firms -- Institutional Shareholder Services of Rockville , Md. , and Glass Lewis & Company of San Francisco -- have recommended that Pfizer shareholders withhold their votes from some board members because of the company 's pay practices .
Technology Briefing | Internet : Yahoo Offers a Bargain Basement
And while Mr. Young insists on his independence -- ''I do n't see myself as a spokesman for Nike at all , '' he said in a brief , reluctant interview -- the mixed reception underscores the obstacles to the venture 's success .
And soon Yahoo will no longer provide a directory of all the sites on the Web .
Parmalat 's founder Calisto Tanzi , who is in police custody in Italy , has hinted to investigators that accounting fraud uncovered at Parmalat was driven partly by need to hide huge losses at company 's South American operations ; lawsuit by American pension fund accuses Citigroup of helping Parmalat cover gap in its balance sheet created by Brazilian subsidiary ; Giovanni Bonici , who once ran Parmalat 's Venezuela unit , returned to Italy and surrendered to authorities last week after hiding in Venezuela ; many analysts doubt that Parmalat 's operations in South America , unprofitable though they are , could have brought down giant dairy and food company with operations in 31 countries ; photo ( M )
A spokesman for Time Warner Cable said his company was gratified by the outcome but had not decided if it would stop carrying AMC .
Analysts had been projecting that Intel would post earnings of 29 cents a share on sales of $ 8.5 billion , according to Thomson First Call .
In a daylong meeting with analysts on Thursday , Microsoft executives detailed how the company was spending heavily to build Internet services into all its products , from operating systems to video games .
The deal also eliminates the possibility that the owners of the last parcels -- ''holdouts '' in the parlance of real estate developers -- will wage a legal battle against the Bank of America project .
Microsoft , today the most feared company in the software business and carrying a stock-market value of nearly $ 234 billion , presents a huge and highly visible antitrust target .
Comcast already has stakes in cable programming , including QVC , E Entertainment and the Golf Channel .
Chubb 's shares rose 87.5 cents , to $ 58.875 , on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday .
Omnicom Group , New York , combined the media buying operations of Manning Gottlieb OMD , the OMD United Kingdom Group and the PHD Group , all in London , into a British media buying agency called OPera .
By contrast , Amazon 's sales of books , music and videos have largely stagnated , although a series of price increases have led to increasing profit margins .
''Jay is an extremely disciplined manager , '' said Ronald W. Frank , an insurance analyst at Salomon Smith Barney , itself a Citigroup unit .
's announcement was yet another blow to Pfizer , which as recently as Tuesday assured Wall Street that sales of Celebrex and Bextra would soon rebound .
Nor , as some at Citigroup believe , was he offered a ceremonial job like that given to Mr. Maughan .
For instance , owners of Apple 's popular iPod are finding that music encoded in the format , or codec , known as WMA , for Windows Media Audio by Microsoft , will not play on the iPod -- which performs best with music encoded with a format called AAC , for Advanced Audio Coding .
Still , Procter has been considering giving up some pharmaceutical technologies , as well as some of the over-the-counter medications that it sells , as part of the bid to acquire Clairol , the official said .
''Xerox has a 12-month window in which to gobble up even more market share , '' said Jonathan Rosenzweig , an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney .
The 500-MHz G4 systems will not be available until early next year , Apple said , so people who ordered them can get the 450-MHz version instead at the original , lower , price .
Medtronic is well acquainted with the Arterial Vascular management , headed by Scott Solano , a former Medtronic vice president who resigned in 1995 and joined Arterial Vascular as chief executive two years ago .
The Microsoft Corporation promised it would question the credibility of key Justice Department witnesses during the rebuttal phase of the antitrust trial that began this week , and today a company lawyer introduced several documents that did just that .
Microsoft delivers what is says were strong personal computer software results combined with weaker corporate sales for its third fiscal quarter in 2002 ; also scales back its projections for fourth quarter of fiscal year 2002 and for its 2003 fiscal year ; says revenue reached $ 7.25 billion , up 13 percent from $ 6.4 billion last year ; net income was $ 2.74 billion ; chief financial officer John G Connors comments ( M )
Still , the prize Procter & Gamble is after is not Herbal Essences but the fast-growing hair dye business .
Among other things , the complaint said that fund managers paid higher fees and commissions to Morgan Stanley in exchange for the firm 's brokers selling those funds .
Mr. Ballmer , according to the person briefed on the talks , had been pushing Yusuf Mehdi , the senior vice president in charge of MSN and Microsoft 's search business , to be more aggressive in closing the gap with Google , including making acquisitions .
Yahoo is the first major Internet company to report earnings for the second quarter .
His wife , Claudia , who also worked at Target , said , ''We felt bad about the pay ; sometimes we felt rage , but we were scared to complain because we needed the job . ''
In 2002 , Citigroup agreed to pay $ 215 million to about two million customers to resolve Federal Trade Commission charges that Associates First Capital deceived borrowers into accepting overpriced mortgages and credit insurance from 1995 to 2000 .
John Warden , Microsoft 's lead lawyer , never quite uttered those words .
Dow Corning will invest up to $ 35 million over next two years in Genencor International research program aimed at creating biotechnology products based on combination of biological materials and silicon ( M )
But the Microsoft filing indicates that Mr. Lessig takes a broad view of his responsibilities .
Still , Amazon appears well suited to sell its services even to those who more vaguely believe they may have a book in them , as do more than 80 percent of Americans , according to Ms. Driscoll , of iUniverse .
Intel is focusing first on applying the new process to optical communications networking equipment as a way to drive down the costs of extremely high-speed office and research networks .
Part of the rethinking has included Microsoft 's recently announced moves to reduce coverage for employees on branded prescription drugs and to reduce the discount that employees receive on purchases of Microsoft stock to 10 percent from 15 percent .
An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Wal-Mart to improve its image incorrectly described ''Tavis Smiley , '' a popular talk show that it underwrites on public television .
Last year , the company ran a pilot in-store subscription program like the online subscription programs of Netflix and Walmart.com .
Kmart , Wal-Mart 's chief rival in the discount business , announced in a similar move yesterday that it would take over a minority stake in Bluelight.com , its Web site .
Time Warner Inc 's stock price is expected to continue languishing , despite expectations of continued strong cash flow and earnings , until firm cuts debt by unwinding Time Warner Entertainment , its joint venture with U S West Media Group ; troubled cable television firm , 74.5 percent owned by Time Warner , has $ 5.5 billion in debt ; Time Warner has been holding intermittent talks with U S West on deal ( M )
''The minimal level immigration check is higher than what is in place at airports today , '' said Jeff Mortner , I.B.M .
Verizon also said it had eliminated one-third of the 3,500 jobs that it planned to cut at MCI this year .
While there was already growing pressure on corporations to increase dividends before Microsoft decided on a one-time payout of $ 32 billion , investors should not bet that companies with a lot of cash are going to increase or begin paying dividends .
Sarah Clark , a Wal-Mart spokeswoman , said the company ''took the steps it deemed necessary to investigate the allegations of fraternization '' and denied the company was motivated by Mr. Lynn 's criticism .
Conversely , Yahoo is working to move its services from personal computers to other devices , including mobile phones and -- by way of devices like TiVo -- the television set .
In Mr. Bewkes , Mr. Parsons is elevating a polished executive who earned his stripes running Time Warner 's culture-shaping Home Box Office division , and is conversant in the intricacies of how technology is transforming Hollywood and the distribution of programming .
Motorola will announce sale of its most advanced cell-phone microchip sets , software and production tools to anyone who wants to buy them , including major rivals ; is betting that any increase in competitive pressure on its handset business will be more than offset by billions of dollars in new revenue and healthy profits for its chip business ; goal is to add $ 10 billion to annual revenues from initiative by 2005 ( M )
Some Language Parsing and More on Java at Microsoft Trial
Some US-based companies in China show increased concern over standoff over midair collision between US and Chinese military planes enters its sixth day ; General Motors issues memorandum warning its expatriate staff in China to take extra precautions in coming days , noting that sentiment toward Americans could sour quickly ; Motorola , Procter & Gamble and other companies insist that dispute need not damage commercial ties with China ; executives say that unless standoff is resolved quickly , it could spill over into issues like China 's entry into World Trade Organization and China 's trade relations with US ; photo ( M )
Verizon Wireless used stealthing to rebuild the spire in Unionville , which is part of Farmington .
According to its Web site , Microsoft is proposing royalty fees that range from $ 5.60 to $ 666.75 a server under a formula that ties the fee level to the revenue generated by any software designed using Microsoft 's information .
In fact , AT & T is expected to consider alliances with cable television companies , with Time Warner seen as a likely candidate .
Boston Scientific will inherit investigations by the Justice Department and the Food and Drug Administration into Guidant 's handling of safety issues related to some of its defibrillators .
The naming of more outside overseers shows how eager Bank of America 's executives are to reassure investors and regulators .
Mr. Leahy of Airbus scoffed at Boeing 's pessimistic forecasts .
''It 's always a hard thing for founders to hand over the company , and Bruce has had to take on Adobe in difficult times , '' said Mr. Geschke , who is now co-chairman with Mr. Warnock of the Adobe board .
In Dallas and in many other cities , doctors bristle most about Aetna and its health care company , Aetna U.S. Healthcare , with 16 million subscribers to its H.M.O .
From the modest cubicles inside Macy 's headquarters in Cincinnati to the spacious corner offices at Saks Fifth Avenue in Manhattan , merchants are beginning to discuss something virtually unheard-of in the American department store industry : a comeback .
As a result , Mr. Steiner said , some merchants say they can not work on eBay because of the shrinking profit margins , so they are going back to the flea markets where they can realize higher prices .
In the e-mail messages , Mr. Roche was shown orchestrating public relations campaigns on behalf of Boeing , talking to Air Force officials how he hoped they would ''torture '' EADS , writing ''Go Boeing ! ''
News Corp. Buys 2 Groups of Weekly Papers
Also remaining separate from Zentropy is Icon Medialab International in Stockholm , in which Interpublic owns a 20 percent stake .
The Microsoft spokesman on the stand , James Allchin , a senior vice president , took a drubbing for a second consecutive day .
is not saying , but analysts who have been partly briefed on Mr. Palmisano 's talk say he will articulate I.B.M .
Its focus , as promised , is Microsoft .
AT & T will then face the awkward prospect of competing against Nynex , Bell Atlantic and other regional phone companies for customers at the same time it is trying to sell the regional companies phone and computer equipment from its manufacturing division .
Cisco offered a forecast of only 15 to 16 percent revenue growth for the fourth quarter .
Lufthansa said it did not see Boeing conflicting with its interests unless Boeing went after some of its maintenance clients .
By contrast , shares of Altria have nearly doubled during that period , moving from $ 47 to yesterday 's price of $ 87.54 .
Shares of Intergraph rose $ 3.28 , to $ 23.67 , while Intel fell 26 cents , to $ 27.43 .
Verizon Wireless , which has spent years and invested billions of dollars in its data services , is just starting to see the benefits .
In Southern California , some railroad people are calling the situation a small-scale meltdown -- similar to , though not yet as bad , as the one that spread from Houston across the Union Pacific system in 1996 .
Ford Motor Co is no longer interested in alliance with Carlos Ghosn , head of Nissan and Renault who is trying to form alliance with North American partner ; Ghosn tried and failed to form alliance with General Motors ; Ford 's chairman William Clay Ford Jr tried to hire Ghosn as chief executive last year and called him during summer to get next in line if things did not work out with GM ; Alan R Mulally has been named chief executive since last summer and Ford has lost interest in pursuing alliance ( M )
During the company 's conference call with analysts today , Fred Anderson , the chief financial officer , said that Apple had reduced inventory by 300,000 , beating a target of 250,000 units and as a result had cut the number of weeks of inventory backlog in half .
Indeed , a flashcard peek at Nordstrom 's numbers inspires awe .
Monsanto has made arrangements with 14 processing plants across the Midwestern corn belt to process the beans next year , and it has held several meetings with neighboring farmers at each plant to make their sales pitch .
The chief executive of Aeroflot , Russia 's national airline , said Thursday that the carrier had missed a deadline to buy Boeing 's new 787 passenger plane in time to meet its goals for renewing its fleet .
Many analysts and investors say Disney 's priority will be to use price to deflect Comcast 's overture .
It was Mr. Jobs 's surprising re-emergence in a leadership role at Apple last month that started in motion the teaming up again with TBWA Chiat/Day , which was formed in 1995 when Chiat/Day was acquired by the TBWA International arm of Omnicom .
The Chrysler Corporation , Ford and the General Motors Corporation have dominated this market for years because many sport utility vehicles began as little more than pickups with covered beds .
Mr. Jobs at one point in a two-hour presentation told the audience of 2,500 Apple developers that the company had beaten the current leader in the Intel world , Dell Computer , on maintaining minimum inventories in the last three quarters .
The buyback and Adelphia transactions helped double Time Warner 's debt to $ 32 billion , a level last reached when Mr. Parsons became chief executive in 2002 .
IPG is the stock-ticker symbol for Interpublic .
The tentative deal would include features to retain I.B.M .
Amgen sponsored the development of those guidelines , though the National Kidney Foundation said the company had not influenced them .
Adding momentum to the open source movement for the free sharing of software , I.B.M .
Only a few weeks ago , Mr. Huber told Wall Street analysts that Aetna would make no further acquisitions for at least a year .
Mr. Stange , however , said that Accenture was continuing to evaluate other potential biometric techniques for accurate identity checks .
To succeed in the marketplace , they explain , a new software product must have access to the Microsoft Corporation 's technology if the product is to run smoothly on top of the Windows operating system .
Analysts said that Microsoft would also share some details of a scaled-down version of its Windows NT operating system , code-named Impala , at an industry conference next week .
The strategic direction for Microsoft 's MSN service and for offering Web versions of some of its popular desktop software will be sketched out by company executives later this week .
But it voiced concern about what would happen if the company linked up to AT & T .
As It Retools , Kodak Plans More Layoffs
Seeking to achieve such gains with a wider array of educational and interactive toys , Hasbro and Mattel have been trolling for companies that would give them more of an edge .
Rudder explained in an interview while on a trip to Microsoft headquarters here .
Judge Rakoff 's ruling gives Motorola permission to go after every entity controlled by the Uzans , not just the family members and the three companies named as defendants in the suit .
Major pharmaceutical companies report surge in research on new psychiatric drugs ; Neurogen Corp in Branford , Conn , is working with Schering-Plough on compound that affects dopamine D4 receptor , which is thought to be involved in cognitive aspects of schizophrenia ; work by Upjohn , Sanofir Winthrop , Pfizer and Merck also noted ( S )
Power at Microsoft , based in Redmond , Wash. , has been centered in an elite group of programmers and engineers , professions in which women have been a small minority .
They said that anyone who wanted an American Express card had probably already obtained one and that American Express might find it difficult working with its former competitors .
Universal Music , a unit of Vivendi , will receive a royalty on the Zune player in exchange for licensing its recordings for Microsoft 's new digital music service , the companies said .
Louis Goodman , executive director of the Texas Medical Association , said the state groups would urge state officials to press Aetna to change the policy .
U.S. Presents Documents in Case Against Microsoft
Even after the waiver and the downgrade , Moody 's remains more optimistic about WorldCom 's future than several debt analysts , including Egan-Jones , a debt rating company based in Philadelphia .
The warning letter , which was mailed to Medtronic 's Emergency Response System unit in Redmond , Wash. , on June 9 , and posted yesterday on the Food and Drug Administration 's Web site , criticized Medtronic on several counts .
Intel and Dell have an indemnity agreement that protects Dell from patent suits filed against Intel .
It 's the day Apple releases Mac OS X 10.4 , nicknamed Tiger -- the latest version of the software suite that makes up the Macintosh operating system .
Mr. Notebaert countered in his remarks that MCI and Verizon might face their own liability when trying to sell their merger to regulators .
For decades , General Motors had shown strong loyalty to its agencies -- even in recent years , as its sales and market share declined .
The corporate consortium , the DVD Copy Control Association , includes Microsoft , Intel , 20th Century Fox and others .
SCIENTISTS at AT & T Bell Laboratories once practiced a researcher 's dream , following their own curiosity while another department decided whether and how to commercialize their discoveries .
Microsoft 's service is expected to offer largely the same song selection as the other music services , though its collection is expected to be somewhat smaller than iTunes ' at first .
Apple , however , notes that it is open to deals with other companies .
''The demonstration is so dramatic that I think you will appreciate it , '' Steven Holley , a Microsoft lawyer , told a clearly amused Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson .
Symantec is given patent on its advanced heuristic antivirus technology ; heuristic systems look more generally for suspicious computer patterns ; heuristic systems are not as accurate as standard 'fingerprint ' systems , but when used with them can help fight known viruses and prevent infection by new viruses ( S )
I.B.M .
Further , Verizon 's chief executive , Ivan G. Seidenberg , said this week that he was prepared to take his company 's offer directly to MCI shareholders .
In the United States , its airframe manufacturing operation in Wichita , Kan. , was sold to investors and now works for Boeing as a subcontractor , absorbing costs and risks Boeing once shouldered .
Boeing stresses that the 777 has slightly wider seats and aisles than its older planes .
It comes less than three weeks after the completion of Interpublic 's estimated $ 1.68 billion acquisition of True North Communications in Chicago .
''We have 36 million customers , and the public Internet was not designed to carry that kind of traffic , '' said Eric Rabe , a spokesman for Verizon , which plans to offer Internet-based phone service to consumers next year .
Microsoft pointed to ''code removal '' as the heart of the appeals court ruling , and said it could have important implications for the European case .
Included software enables users to route the data to specific applications like Microsoft Word or Outlook and Adobe Illustrator .
Standard & Poor 's Corp and Moody 's Investors Service cut their ratings on debt securities isued by Nortel Networks after company says it expects sharp decline in sales this quarter ( S )
Mr. Nielsen said Microsoft was already working with marketers on a few projects for its next-generation video game system , Xbox 360 , which is to be introduced on Nov. 22 .
''Instead of leaving voice mail , we 'll be leaving video mail , '' said Mark A. Wegleitner , Verizon 's chief technology officer , citing one example of the applications Verizon envisions .
Asked if the group received financing from a source other than Wal-Mart , a member of the group 's national steering committee , Martha Montoya , said , ''No , not that I know of . ''
The most highly rated books might even be published in print format and be distributed by Time Warner Trade Publishing , which is a division of AOL Time Warner .
One , a coffin-shaped bass from the Bauhaus era , attracted a bid in one eBay auction of $ 6,000 , but the buyer never materialized .
Unlike Microsoft 's Pocket Excel , which is a slimmed-down version of Excel for Pocket PC 's , the Pocket PC version of PlanMaker has everything offered by the desktop edition .
Boeing Co reports fourth-quarter 1997 loss of $ 498 million , leading to its first annual loss in half a century ; much of loss is related to merger with McDonnell Douglas Corp ; company says it earned $ 290 million in quarter , compared with $ 528 million in 1996 ; revenues grew to $ 11.7 bllion , from $ 10 billion a year earlier ; for the year , Boeing lost $ 178 million on $ 45.8 billion in revenues ; table ( L )
Gap Inc 's Gap division to sell holiday CD 's in its stores , with profits donated to Boys and Girls Clubs of America ; CD will include copy of 30-second Gap holiday television commercial ; Estee Lauder Cos are creating catalog promoting fragrance brands , which is being offered to readers of Cosmopolitan magazine in what magazine calls largest single investment by one advertiser in one issue ( M )
Time Warner already owns programming and would like to expand its distribution capabilities , analysts noted .
Robert A. Olstein , manager of the Olstein Financial Alert Fund , said that he had considered buying I.B.M .
General Motors has delayed plans to sell a hybrid vehicle similar to the Toyota Prius by two years , until 2007 , according to people close to the company 's product development strategy .
New Trouble for Interpublic ?
For the quarter , Morgan Stanley earned $ 1.64 billion , or $ 1.54 a share , up from $ 1.4 billion , or $ 1.29 a share , a year ago .
''My investors ask me 'Why ca n't I have a personalized home page , like on Amazon ? '
Siebel now has $ 2.24 billion in cash on hand , reducing Oracle 's net takeover cost to $ 3.61 billion .
The unions , for example , won a concession from the company allowing their members to perform the entire installation of high-speed Internet access for customers who sign up for Verizon 's Internet services .
The big danger for Aetna would be to misjudge its medical costs and fall behind in paying doctors and hospitals , a sequence that has caused deep trouble for Oxford Health Plans and other managed-care companies , including Aetna .
We 're going to live in a Microsoft world .
The Interpublic Group of Companies in New York has withdrawn a lawsuit against the Omnicom Group in New York and a former executive of an Interpublic agency in connection with the loss of the Quaker Oats account to Omnicom .
In her book , ''Machines Who Think '' ( Freeman , 1979 ) , Pamela McCorduck tells how some I.B.M .
European Antitrust Official Chastises Microsoft 's Chief
Clear Channel Entertainment , which leases PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel , New Jersey , is charged with violatin anti-scalping law by setting aside as many as half of concert tickets for American Express cardholders ( S )
US Navy is asking for $ 2 billion in Federal Emergency Management Agency funds to restore Northrop Grumman 's three Gulf Coast yards damaged by Hurricane Katrina ; most of $ 2 billion will be used to rewrite Northrop 's usual contracts with Navy to shift full burden of hurricane-related cost overruns and shipbuilding delays from Northrop to government ; Northrop is expected to get $ 1 billion from its insurers to repair damaged buildings ; map ; photos ( M )
But it is I.B.M .
The e-mail message also noted that previous Microsoft contributions to the group were not bound by the negotiations taking place over the control of intellectual property .
Microsoft and Paul Allen , Microsoft 's co-founder and a Microsoft board member , were both already investors in WebTV , and Mr. Perlman said that as the two companies discussed sharing technologies they realized that they shared a common technological vision .
The two companies share an interest in Time Warner Entertainment , a programming and cable operating company with nearly 13 million subscribers .
While it supported the lower court 's ruling that Microsoft was maintaining a monopoly , in its decision to send the tying or bundling issue back to a new judge in federal district court , the appellate court ruled that the benefit to consumers must be independently weighed against damages to competitors in each case .
Microsoft , a minority stakeholder in AT & T and Comcast , is included in the behind-the-scenes machinations for control of AT & T Broadband .
Correction : April 22 , 2006 , Saturday A chart in Business Day on Wednesday with an article about the auto industry 's efforts to rein in health care costs misstated the severance alternatives for some workers at General Motors .
Interbrand Group , Omnicom Group unit , acquires Newell & Sorrell , identity and design consultancy in London , and merges it with its existing London office ; merged shop is called Interbrand Newell & Sorrell ; John Sorrell is chairman , Frances Newell principal and Tom Blackett deputy chairman ( S )
Despite slowing sales and bulging inventories of unsold automobiles , the General Motors Corporation announced on Friday that it planned to continue running its North American factories at close to full speed through the first quarter of next year .
last March , accusing I.B.M .
Boeing then set 100 engineers to work designing a 737 with the most modern wings and bigger fuel tanks to get its range above 6,000 miles .
Mr. Lace was suspended from his post in early March as Interpublic investigated what was described only as ''certain matters that have come to the company 's attention . ''
Microsoft has distributed and continues to distribute Internet Explorer separate from its Windows 95 operating system , and it is efficient for it to do so .
When it withdrew the drug from the market , Merck cited a long-term trial showing that some patients , after taking Vioxx for 18 months , developed serious cardiovascular problems .
Morgan Stanley , an investment bank , is known for counseling corporate clients , which often means underwriting their stocks and bonds .
With the Exxon Corporation and the Mobil Corporation deciding to join forces in the biggest corporate merger ever , the pressure on other major oil companies to find partners intensified yesterday -- something acknowledged by Peter I. Bijur , the chairman and chief executive of Texaco Inc .
Musical Shift At Starbucks
The pill was adopted in November 2004 when the Liberty Media Corporation , a cable television company controlled by John C. Malone , increased its stake in the News Corporation to 17 percent .
Walt Disney Co 's executives ' most pressing task as they scramble to deal with Comcast Corp 's bid for company is to determine how much Disney is truly worth and at what price , if any , company would be sold ; Disney 's bankers , Goldman , Sachs and Bear , Stearns , have begun working up valuation models that are expected to show that Comcast 's $ 54 billion bid fails to appreciate Disney 's value as business and cultural institution ; Disney 's chief executive Michael D Eisner says company 's board will consider every aspect of proposal ; chart ; photos ( M )
About 5 percent of I.B.M .
But Whole Foods says the widely held perception that its prices are higher than its competitors ' is simply untrue .
When four or five lonely pickets were protesting outside of Comcast 's headquarters in the middle of winter as part of a labor dispute , Mr. Aaron stunned his fellow executives by walking to a nearby coffee shop to buy them each a cup of coffee .
By bringing new features into its operating system , Microsoft has made computers more powerful and easier to use for millions of consumers .
Verizon Gives MCI Time to Review Qwest Bid
''What makes sense for Microsoft does not necessarily make sense for us , '' said Lawrence J. Ellison , Oracle 's chief executive , speaking to financial analysts on Wednesday .
Motorola is the only major supplier of cellular service without an end-to-end solution .
Bristol-Myers Squibb is expected to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to settle lawsuits filed by more than two dozen state attorneys general , consumer groups and competitors that accuse it of illegally stalling sale of lower-priced version of its anxiety drug BuSpar ; main patent on BuSpar expired in November 2000 ; Bristol-Myers filed second patent on drug with federal regulators as Mylan Laboratories , generic manufacturer , was ready to ship its version of medicine , which stopped shipments ; Mylan and two other generic drug makers filed suit against Bristol-Myers ( M )
Last week , Judge Jackson had refused Microsoft 's request that the depositions be allowed to proceed in private while the company appealed his decision .
A Government lawyer began cross-examination of Microsoft 's final witness in its antitrust trial today and quickly prompted him to disclose that Microsoft had paid about $ 250,000 for his testimony and related work .
To win them over , the documents show , Merck officials planned to offer them carrots like clinical trials , posts as consultants or give them grants .
Footlights column : Twenty five music ensembles encompassing more than 1,000 people will march in parade , playing many pieces in varying tempos composed by Neely Bruce , from Amsterdam Houses to Lincoln Center in tribute to bandmaster Charles Ives ; interactive exhibition created by Hungarian artist Peter Forgacs and researchers at University of Southern California titled The Danube Exodus : The Rippling Currents of the River will open at Getty Research Institute in Los Angeles ; National Museum of the American Indian is sponsoring third annual series of weekly concerts by American Indian musicians ; Film Society of Lincoln Center is opening new series , Modern Musicals ; photo ( M )
Transmeta officials said that a high-end Transmeta chip would perform about as fast as a 500 MHz Pentium III microprocessor and that a computing system based on a Transmeta chip and its LongRun power management software would have battery life about twice as long as a comparable Intel system .
Wal-Mart Stores said yesterday that a former vice president who contended that he was fired for helping to uncover wrongdoing by another executive was himself involved in the fraud .
PeopleSoft called Oracle 's comments Monday inaccurate but would not elaborate .
Apple Computer Inc reports earnings gain in fiscal 1999 first quarter that exceeds Wall Street estimates by more than 10 percent ; Apple earned $ 152 million in quarter ended Dec 26 , more than three times $ 47 million earned in year-earlier quarter ; revenues rose 8 percent , to $ 1.71 billion , from $ 1.58 billion a year ago ; Steven P Jobs , co-founder and interim chief executive , comments ; chart ( M )
Verizon Wireless Outpaces Rivals in New Subscribers
''You do n't seek to depose the chief executives of very big firms like Time Warner unless you have very specific questions that require their personal corroboration , '' said John C. Coffee Jr. , a securities law professor at Columbia Law School .
He is emphasizing Six Sigma , a complex quality control program that Allied Signal had adopted but that never pervaded the merged Honeywell .
Wal-Mart , the world 's largest retailer , currently operates 73 stores in China , and the company has more than 37,000 employees here .
Of Omnicom , he added , ''I do n't think they 're done looking for talent , both from Publicis and Interpublic . ''
Microsoft has designed software to connect its programs to traditional corporate telephone exchanges and has signed up several telecommunications companies as partners , so that calls dialed on a PC can reach traditional phones .
Microsoft submitted a new batch of technical information about its Windows operating system to the European Commission on Thursday , meeting the latest deadline to provide information on whether it is complying with a 2004 antitrust ruling .
''Factories we visited that produce Nike goods were clean , organized , adequately ventilated and well lit . ''
Luxury watches are back , especially if they are encrusted with diamonds or endorsed by celebrities ; pollsters , retailers and watchmakers say this Christmas brought return of buyer who wants more than just something to tell time ; America 's Research Group chairman C Britt Beemer says sales of high-priced watches rose 35 percent over last Christmas ; consumers were buying jeweled timepieces by Tiffany and Harry Winston and sports models by Tag Heuer and Breitling ; photo ( M )
While the Cherry Lane partnership is expected to give Electronic Arts more influence within the recording industry , it does not yet represent a major source of revenue .
Dwarfed by a dominant rival and losing money at an alarming rate , Advanced Micro Devices plans to take another step in its strategy to outmaneuver Intel by introducing the Athlon 64-bit microprocessor tomorrow .
The amendments tightened up the wording of the bill to make it explicit that no patent , like the one Amazon.com registered for its one-click online shopping method , can be registered in the union .
Mr. Neukom responded that Microsoft would oppose such an effort to ''try to circumvent an appeal to the Court of Appeals , '' where the company believes it will receive more favorable treatment .
Is Micron Technology Inc. finally growing up ?
Having successfully connected the music world and the computer worlds with the iPod , Mr. Jobs may have his sights on extending Apple in other new directions -- perhaps a high-priced set-top box -- rather than looking backwards .
Awaiting Verdict , Microsoft Starts Lobbying Campaign
Faced with a seemingly endless array of food shopping choices , consumers are increasingly shunning the neighborhood supermarket and going to Wal-Mart , Costco or other discounters for rock-bottom prices or to places like Whole Foods and Wild Oats for specialized quality and service .
Its interest in exercise dates may signal an emerging front in its widening investigation into stock option abuses at more than 100 companies , from Silicon Valley start-ups to well-known giants like Apple Computer and UnitedHealth Group .
Putting It Together on Just One Page at Gap
( A spokesman for Mr. Britt said he never seriously considered a specific button for skipping commercials , noting that Time Warner Cable also sells advertising . )
It also settled a cross-complaint filed by Broadcom in an attempt to block Intel from releasing some of its latest networking chips .
Red to the Rescue ; PepsiCo Looks to a New Drink to Jolt Soda Sales
The stock rise also reflects a view that the worst is behind Mattel and a frenzy by investors of the type that these days accompanies any public offering of an Internet-related stock .
Ethical questions arise about arrangement between ABC late-morning talk show The View and Campbell Soup Company : in return for an undisclosed sum that ABC executives say would cover cost of trip to Los Angeles by The View this week , ABC and the show agree to incorporate on-air discussions and feature segments involving Campbell into eight programs of which Campbell is primary sponsor ; ABC calls arrangement an experiment ; but it raises questions about whether such an arrangement is appropriate on a show that is partly owned by and stars one of most famous journalists of ABC News , Barbara Walters ; Walters 's production company , Barwall Productions , is co-owner of program with ABC ( M )
In one memo , written in December 1995 -- in the thick of Microsoft 's effort to push Netscape out of the market -- Mr. Gates wrote a memo to others in the company acknowledging that Netscape was designing browser software ''far better than we are . ''
They were told , said an executive involved in those discussions , that it would be Greenhill & Company 's job to analyze the financial impact if Microsoft were ever split up .
Citigroup and Legg Mason Said to Be Near a Deal to Swap Assets Worth $ 4 Billion
Microsoft , consultants say , has also convinced Ford that its strategy is to become a supplier of the software for electronic commerce and not to compete head to head with the car companies .
Shares of Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , fell $ 8.25 , or 8.5 percent , to $ 90.375 , and shares of General Instrument , which is based in Horsham , Pa. , dropped $ 2.8125 , or 5.4 percent , to $ 49.6875 .
Last week Time Warner reported strong earnings gains and said it would double the pace of a share buyback program .
The AOL has ended up as a potential prize in a battle between Google and Microsoft is a strange fate not lost on the players .
Rather than constructing a nationwide long-distance network similar to AT & T 's , Mr. Notebaert said Ameritech would lease capacity outside its region on networks owned by other long-distance or local phone companies .
In the Hometown of Wal-Mart , Synagogue Is a Sign of Growth
And Time Warner said its cash flow , which includes results from the company 's partnership with the U S West Media Group , was up 7 percent when figures were adjusted for the effects of the sale or exchange of certain cable systems in 1997 and 1998 .
Even though Boeing delivered fewer jets in the fourth quarter of 1999 than in the year-earlier quarter , the company increased its operating profit in that division to $ 698 million , from $ 54 million .
As is usual in settlements , Morgan Stanley neither admitted nor denied the regulators ' allegations , and declined to comment on the case .
Some Apple executives worry privately that expectations for the one-button phones may be too high and that first-generation buyers will end up disappointed .
The success of SoBe has not gone unnoticed by Coca-Cola and PepsiCo , the giants of the soft-drink business , which have declared their intentions to become involved in all kinds of beverages .
The company has shelved plans to sell the series in the United States , sticking to the luxury sales strategy that Apple abandoned last week .
For Motorola , the hope is that the large reserves it has built up to cover its exposure to Iridium will not be entirely depleted , and that Iridium , which is trying to reorganize under Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection , will emerge with new prospects for growth .
The agreement was rich in paradox , leaving many Apple-watchers shaking their heads in amazement .
In addition , as part of the proposed agreement , A.T. & T. would be entitled to receive payments based on how McCaw 's stock performs .
It also added a long list of data it collects about users , including financial information , Social Security numbers , product searches and the telephone number from which a user calls Amazon 's customer service line .
The lawsuit charged that Mr. Ellison , known for his brash and combative pronouncements , sold almost $ 900 million of shares ahead of news that Oracle would not meet its expected earnings target .
But Microsoft 's concerns could go beyond bargain-basement software .
Federal regulators accused the Kmart executives of prematurely booking promotional allowances from suppliers like Coca-Cola Enterprises , PepsiCo and Eastman Kodak , allowing it to increase profits for the fourth quarter of 2001 by $ 24 million .
Rupert Murdoch personally ordered the dismissal of Judith Regan , the publisher of a widely criticized O. J. Simpson book , after he heard reports of a heated conversation Ms. Regan had with a company lawyer on Friday that included comments that were deemed anti-Semitic , according to two people familiar with the News Corporation 's account of the firing .
The restructuring program comes on top of an earlier set of layoffs that trimmed Pfizer 's work force by 5,300 employees since early 2005 , according to a Pfizer filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Fuji , which has expressed determination to maintain its independence , would also benefit from a link with General Motors .
Now Judge Kollar-Kotelly must decide whether that settlement is in the public interest and , separately , whether to impose any of the stiffer penalties proposed by the nine states that have continued the litigation against Microsoft .
Yahoo said some overseas carriers had agreed to support its services .
In a preliminary ruling , Microsoft was ordered to remove the logo for Sun 's Internet programming language , called Java , from its packaging and its Web site .
Mr. Padden said Disney worries that Time Warner would block that feature from ABC newscasts while promoting a similar one on CNN , which it owns .
And even though Intel , which reported after the stock market 's close , warned that third-quarter earnings would be flat , the company 's shares traded as high as $ 84 in after-hours trading .
But in recent months , company officials countered , Coke has begun scrutinizing the companies that manufacture sodas in its name , in hopes of weeding out any objectionable labor practices .
Sales in I.B.M .
Robin Abrams , previously senior vice president of Apple Americas , will serve as acting executive vice president of the new worldwide sales and support organization .
The company also did not carry out Ms. Woertz 's demand for what amounted to a credibility check on companies that sold Iraqi crude to Chevron .
Boeing listed the catalog price for the 15 planes at $ 2.4 billion , which does not reflect the timing of delivery or specific modifications ; neither Boeing nor S7 released the actual sale price .
Since the crash of an American Airlines Boeing 757 in Colombia in 1995 , and that of a Korean Air 747 short of a runway in Guam in 1997 , thousands of planes have been equipped with a device called an enhanced ground-proximity warning system , which incorporates a major chunk of the ''soft wall '' idea .
Yahoo will substantially increase amount of free storage it gives its e-mail customers in effort to respond to Google 's incursion into e-mail services ; Google , leading Web search engine , is testing service called Gmail , which offers users one gigabyte of storage on its servers , enough that most users will never have to delete message ; Yahoo will offer users of its free e-mail service 100 megabytes of storage , one-tenth of what Google offers but still far more than four megabytes they have had ; will also introduce premium e-mail service called Yahoo Mail Plus , with two gigabytes of storage for $ 19.99 a year ( M )
Motorola , which is based in Schaumburg , Ill. , is expected to give more details on its guidance for the year ahead in a conference call today with investors .
''This is huge , '' said David Lammers , director of Wesrch.com , a portal for technical professionals , who was briefed by I.B.M .
Mr. McAdam said that Wal-Mart and Toronto Dominion hope to submit a revised application .
In 1990 , many computer makers loaded new computers with Microsoft 's basic DOS operating system , while by 1996 the industry had shifted to Windows 95 , which is both more expensive and richer in features .
Corning and Alcatel Announce Large Cutbacks
Cisco Systems announced yesterday that it would expand two existing partnerships that are aimed at helping the company , the maker of network equipment , expand from its traditional markets .
But the organization , a liberal advocacy group , said this report more completely detailed connections between money donated by Exxon Mobil and the scientists in groups that question the degree to which humans are contributing to climate change .
That also represented a solid rebound from Citigroup 's dismal fourth quarter , when it posted operating earnings of $ 1.4 billion .
Microsoft , Mr. Smith noted during a telephone interview , is a leader in patents awarded and faces more patent litigation than almost any other United States company .
A week ago , speculation was rampant on Wall Street that a new wave of mergers and acquisitions would follow the announcements of Bank of America 's $ 48 billion agreement to buy FleetBoston Financial and Anthem 's $ 16 billion acquisition of WellPoint Health Networks , the biggest deals of the year so far .
Widely considered to be an also-ran in the cutthroat computer industry , AT & T , like many of its competitors , has seen its profit margins squeezed in recent years .
Online services include access to the Encarta online encyclopedia and Microsoft 's Money Plus , including Bill Pay .
The teasers notwithstanding , Mr. Major 's habit is one that remains essential if Novell is to back away from the financial precipice , where until recently it has found itself isolated in an increasingly Microsoft-centric computing world .
The largest selection of penny books is at Amazon , where independent booksellers list inventory in zShops .
Rupert Murdoch confirms that News Corp will start long-awaited business news channel in fourth quarter of 2007 ; vows that new channel will be friendlier to corporations than CNBC , leading television business news outlet ; new service , currently named Fox Business Channel , will be developed and overseen by Fox News chairman-chief executive Roger Ailes with Neil Cavuto , managing editor for business news for Fox , anchoring and overseeing channel 's content ; Fox News executive vice president Kevin Magee will be responsible for daily operations and Alexis Glick will serve as director of business news and appear on camera in some segments ; CNBC spokesman Kevin Goldman says network welcomes new competition ; Ailes comments ; photos ( M )
A combination between BAE and Boeing , which is based in Chicago , has been discussed for years .
Oracle executives , including Harry You , the chief financial officer , have continually described PeopleSoft as a company in deep trouble .
's lending unit , the General Motors Acceptance Corporation , brought in another $ 367 million , and added a record $ 1.54 billion in net income for the year .
WHEN the board of the Frontier Corporation meets today , as expected , to discuss the unsolicited bid made by Qwest Communications International Inc. , the debate will be far from elementary .
Who might have retained Mr. Lenzner 's firm in an anti-Microsoft effort is not clear .
At the Interpublic Group , top executives strive for solutions as bad news continues to mount .
Wal-Mart quickly featured the television set in new full-page newspaper ads with the heading , ''Why Wait for Rebates ? ''
Apple Bets on Unorthodox iMac To Bolster Its Once-Popular PC
Advanced Micro has been locked in a price war with Intel that has left the company awash in red ink .
One of those is Amgen , he said .
''We saw strong growth across every part of the business around the world , '' said Meg Whitman , eBay 's chief executive , in a conference call with analysts .
But for now , iBEAM has received more than $ 60 million in investments from companies like Intel and Liberty Media and venture capitalists like Accel Partners and Crosspoint Venture Partners , and is close to announcing investments with Microsoft and Sony , Mr. Gillis said .
''What I.B.M .
Aaron Kornblum , a lawyer for Microsoft , said that in both cases the spam messages appeared to come from a network of different mailers .
And Delta Air Lines , another big customer for McDonnell Douglas , has said recently that it is talking only to Boeing and Airbus about buying airplanes to replace many of its L-1011 's .
''Everyone knows headcount at Microsoft is the Holy Grail , '' he said .
By next year , analysts expect that the Bell companies , created from the breakup of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in the 1980 's , could compete with AT & T and other long-distance companies in as many as 20 states .
Speaking at an investment conference held in New York by Goldman Sachs , Terry S. Semel , Yahoo 's chief executive , said that while advertising revenue from those industries continued to grow , ''they 're not growing as quickly as we might have hoped at this point in time . ''
Citigroup 's announcement helped push the Mexican peso to its highest level since 1998 , and Mexican stocks rose 6 percent on the day .
Driving a silver-blue rented Nissan Altima , Mohamed Atta and Abdulaziz Alomari spent at least part of the evening in the most pedestrian of pursuits , mostly along a broad suburban stretch of asphalt called Maine Mall Road : 15 minutes at a Pizza Hut , a quick stop at a gas station and about 20 minutes at a Wal-Mart in Scarborough , the next town .
The parallel and Apple Talk ports that act as the connection points for most Macintosh printers today are also gone , replaced by a U.S.B .
If the merger is approved by regulators , Citigroup , as the company will be called , will serve about 100 million customers in 100 countries .
Monsanto Co says that despite reports that farmers were turning their backs on biotech crops in 2000 , worldwide biotech acreage increased 15 percent ; with similarly big gains in US ; Monsanto and two other large seed companies , Pioneer Hi-Bred and Syngenta , say farmers have made plans to plant even more biotech acreage in coming spring , more than 75 million acres in US alone ; photo ( M )
Making that case is difficult for smaller groups , like Elevator Repair Service , an avant-garde theater ensemble , which last year received $ 5,000 from Altria .
Carl C Icahn concedes he has lost proxy fight against Motorola and has failed to receive enough support to be elected to its board of directors ; outcome is victory for cellular phone maker 's chief executive Edward J Zander after Icahn attacked his leadership ; photo ( M )
Mr. Brashear also said Motorola would suspend operations of the satellite service on Feb. 15 if a reorganization plan was not in place .
MCI , in formal charges to the F.C.C. , said A.T. & T. was warning customers that it might increase the prices for clients that consider switching under the new rule , a move MCI said would effectively derail the possibility of increased competition .
Citing the economic crisis in Turkey , Procter & Gamble warned yesterday that its profits would fall as much as 4 percent in the third quarter and about 1.5 percent for the entire year .
The pay package of the chief executive , Jean-Pierre Garnier , has prompted criticism of the company , the world 's second-largest drug manufacturer after Pfizer .
The A.T. & T. device is one of what is expected to be a growing number of new technologies unleashed by the Government 's decision last year to allow telephone companies to carry video services .
After more than four weeks of testimony that ranged from tedious to riveting , Ernst vs. Merck , the first Vioxx-related personal injury lawsuit , is about to go to jurors .
The analyst , Wayne Hood of Prudential Securities , slashed his per-share earnings estimate for the fourth quarter by more than 50 percent , to 20 cents from 43 cents , and predicted a loss for the year of 12 cents .
Unlike its grocery rivals , Wal-Mart does not advertise prices for a particular store , city or region .
Apple Computer says internal review has found that chief executive Steven P Jobs knew that company was backdating some stock options granted to employees to inflate their value ; says Jobs did not knowingly receive any backdated options and has not benefited from practice , and that he does not understand accounting implications ; spokesman Steve Dowling says it is possible that there had been 'irregularities ' with some options granted to Jobs , but declines to elaborate ; Jobs issues statement apologizing to Apple shareholders and employees for problems ; Apple also announces that Fred D Anderson , Apple director who was chief financial officer from 1996 to 2004 , period when questionable grants were made , has resigned from board ( M )
Robert B. Willumstad , the new chief operating officer , has every other major operating division at Citigroup reporting directly to him .
Berlin Cameron & Partners decides not to compete for General Motors ; Saturn account ( S )
And the long-running antitrust case against Microsoft certainly did not help the company 's image with developers , because it showed , and the courts ruled , that Microsoft did not deal fairly with Netscape , a smaller software developer .
Rather , he said , Mr. Markey wanted the Government to address narrow issues , such as whether A.T. & T. would let its cellular customers pick a rival long-distance service .
Apple Computer Inc. is actively looking for a friendly merger candidate , several executives close to the company said today .
Microsoft Offers Settlement Script , in Rough Draft
Analysts created a so-called Citigroup proxy , a composite index that is weighted proportionally by the conglomerate 's businesses .
''EBay 's really feeling the maturation of the market , and they 're desperate to bring more buyers to the site , '' she said .
Greg Kasavin , senior editor at Gamespot.com , an online publication about electronic games , said that so far , Electronic Arts ' online offerings , including a medieval , role-playing fantasy world called Ultima Online , had been harder to use than many of its competitors ' services .
The judge , Rodney W. Sippel of Federal District Court in St. Louis , said at a court hearing on Thursday that he had been unaware that in 1997 and 1998 , before his appointment as a federal judge , he was listed in court records as a lawyer representing Monsanto in a civil lawsuit at the same federal courthouse .
By requiring the merged AOL Time Warner to offer users a choice of providers for high-speed Internet access over its cable systems , analysts said , the F.T.C .
Vornado , a real estate investment trust that owns more than 100 million square feet of office , retail and showroom property , said its offer would include about $ 10.6 billion of its stock .
Mr. Ellison said he expected new technology , such as Oracle 's Secure Enterprise Search technology , to help drive Oracle 's growth .
Site-Seeing : Linux 's World Moving Beyond Microsoft and Mac
Nicholas P. Heymann , an analyst at Prudential Securities , said he believes Boeing will probably sell between 460 and 475 planes this year and closer to 440 to 450 in 1999 .
Theoretically , the network affiliates are shielded in large part from network problems because they make most of their money selling time during local news and syndicated programming like ''Oprah '' and ''Wheel of Fortune '' that would not be affected by a strike .
The maker of Diet Coke , the Coca-Cola Company , is ''delighted Senator Edwards is such an avid fan , '' said Mart Martin , a spokesman in Atlanta , ''and we 'll gladly accept his endorsement . ''
But Danka still owes Kodak millions of dollars , and few analysts expect Kodak will ever see that money .
These alerts are set to keep popping up until you click the Get Genuine button on the message and go to Microsoft 's site to purchase a license key ( $ 99 for Windows XP Home or $ 149 for Windows XP Professional ) or a full copy of Windows .
IBM introduces two new Unix-based midrange server computers that run applications written in Linux , free software language that has been widely adopted by government and academic computer programmers ; analysts say new servers , which will cost $ 17,000 to $ 100,000 , clearly undercut comparable products from Sun Microsystems ( S )
Microsoft says it will not file its notice of appeal until Judge Jackson rules on its request for a stay of last week 's remedy order .
Target , which has hired 35 full-time and 65 part-time workers for the store , is purchasing its new quarters from LC White Plains Retail , a commercial condominium organization formed by Cappelli Enterprises .
Also , even Ms. Reif Cohen herself still rates Time Warner a ''buy . ''
That reorientation is underscored by the new theme -- plainly and simply ''Coca-Cola .
Correction : June 11 , 1999 , Friday An article in Business Day yesterday about a new generation of chip-making plants being built by Intel misstated the increase in surface area achieved by using 12-inch silicon wafers instead of 8-inch ones .
In the meantime , Liberty 's News Corporation shares could similarly be parked tax-free in a new public entity , perhaps bundled with the Starz Encore business .
In its investigation , Oracle traced the computer downloading the files to an Internet protocol address at SAP TN and , later , to an SAP TN employee , Wade Walden , whom the suit described as ''a former PeopleSoft employee now employed by SAP . ''
Electronic Arts says president-chief operating officer John Riccitiello has resigned effective immediately ; chief executive Lawrence F Probst III will assume Riccitiello 's responsibilities while company evaluates candidates and names successor ( M )
According to figures compiled by the plaintiffs ' lawyers on white-collar employees at Coca-Cola 's corporate headquarters , 55.8 percent of whites received one of the top three of six performance grades last year while 46.1 percent of blacks got such evaluations .
Mr. Cherkasky said that Marsh & McLennan was spending at least several million dollars on the campaign and that he regarded that as modest for a company with annual revenue of about $ 12 billion .
Clinton Cites Harley-Davidson in Pushing His Trade Policy
But if Wal-Mart knows anything about the factory that produced the Cuban-made pajamas , it was not saying yesterday .
In 1997 , when he left Next to come to Apple , he received almost 400,000 Apple stock options , potentially worth $ 27 million at the stock 's current price .
Vice President Dick Cheney was Halliburton 's chief executive at the time of its acquisition of Dresser , before stepping down from the company in 2000 .
( Maybe it has something to do with another Bezos venture , a space research company ; Amazon will not say . )
If Hynix and Micron complete the deal , Micron would control 40 percent of global production of memory chips .
''When I came into the Coca-Cola Company , I came in with two promises , '' Mr. Heyer said .
A group of about 600 senior executives and managers , though , will face the additional consideration that the shares might not become vested if the company failed to meet goals regarding the number of customers and their satisfaction with Microsoft .
''I.B.M .
Businesses like yellow pages publishers , which exist solely to serve the local advertiser that Google and Yahoo covet , may appear to be cutting their own throats by passing those customers onto the search engines .
It comes with Kodak 's EasyShare software and includes the Photo Frame Dock 2 , which doubles as a digital picture frame by using the 2.5-inch color screen to display photo slide shows and video .
Microsoft , Mr .
To the contrary , the district court recognized that plaintiffs ' declarations and Microsoft 's offers of proof presented highly divergent views on the ''effects which may or may not ensue if the proposed final judgment is entered . ''
The bug , which affects programs running under Windows 95 , 98 and NT , was discovered by a Massachusetts programmer and was confirmed by Microsoft yesterday .
I.B.M .
c. That Microsoft 's conduct in requiring persons to license and distribute its Internet browser software or any other software product as a condition of receiving placement in or access to any Microsoft operating system product , including any screen or function thereof , violates Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act , 15 U.S.C .
An A.T. & T. spokesman , Burke Stinson , said , `` The jobs are going , but not necessarily the people . ''
( A few remaining services have n't yet adopted Apple 's business model .
Citigroup continued to cut costs to compensate for the lower profits , with expenses at the investment bank falling 10 percent from the period a year ago .
Ron Chernow , a business historian who has recently published a biography of John D. Rockefeller , said a key difference between the Government action against Microsoft and that against Standard Oil , to which it is often compared , is the degree of public outrage that fueled the antitrust movement then .
Hasbro has sold millions of FurReal Friends , robotic cat designed by Tiger Electronics division to be cuddly lap cat that purrs when petted ; development suggests electronic toy industry is beginning to mature , subordinating gadgetry to classic , open-ended modes of play ; intially , robotic pets were shiny , high tech looking creatures , but research shows that children relate better to furry creatures that look more lifelike ; profile of Leif Askeland , creator of FurReal cats ; photos ( M )
According to Nielsen/NetRatings , the number of searches on Yahoo fell 1 percent in May to 913 million , or 12 percent of total searches .
Justice Bernard J Fried rules that Time Warner Cable may drop American Movie Classics because it has been showing more contemporary films since 2002 ; Time Warner Cable has not decided if it will stop carrying AMC ; AMC is appealing ruling ; photo ( M )
Microsoft asserts that the Justice Department is presenting a distorted picture of the Intel-Microsoft relationship and that Mr. McGeady is a disgruntled Intel executive whose pet software projects were tabled for good business reasons .
Google dismissed Microsoft 's assertions .
Nearly dozen plaintiff law firms have brought lawsuits against companies that manage mutual funds in three weeks since New York State Atty Gen Eliot L Spitzer accused some fund companies of allowing favored investors to engage in trades not possible for most shareholders ; Bank One , Strong Capital Management , Bank of America and Janus have been named in suits , as they were by Spitzer ( M )
In an effort to woo developers and corporate users , Microsoft said it would offer a 50 percent discount to customers who move from products like Oracle 's during the next year .
Recent account maneuvers involve big household names like Amazon , Energizer and others .
Mr. Chammah joined Morgan Stanley in 1993 from Credit Suisse First Boston as head of United States debt capital markets .
Bank of America acknowledged on Friday that its Banc of America Securities subsidiary had received a Wells notice from the S.E.C .
Mr. Blair is now backing a communications bill in the British Parliament that would loosen restrictions on foreign media ownership and allow a major newspaper publisher to own a broadcast television station as well -- a provision its critics call the ''Murdoch clause '' because it seems to apply mainly to News Corporation .
Ex-President of CBS Radio Is Returning To Le
MULLING OFFERS -- Bids for the consumer products unit of Pfizer , which makes Listerine mouthwash and Sudafed nasal decongestant are due .
For Coca-Cola , Mr. Goldman said , that means determining which of its beverage brands are best suited for which of the more than 200 countries in which it sells soft drinks , then creating compelling marketing messages to run in the right places and making sure distributors are satisfactorily serving all their retail outlets .
lawyers recently requested a mistrial after CBS broadcast a ''60 Minutes II '' segment about the trial on Dec. 10 that I.B.M .
Others , however , said that not labeling an album with explicit content undermined the efficacy of not just the warning labels but also the family-standards stocking policies of Wal-Mart , Kmart and other retailers .
The two outside directors are Ken Miller , a former investment banker and longtime Viacom board member , and George H. Conrades , the chairman of Akamai Technologies and a former CBS director .
Reached by telephone yesterday , Mr. Chandler limited his comments to the formal words he contributed to the corporate news release : ''I have had a wonderful journey with News Corp. and now I am looking forward to applying my experience to the field of health information . ''
As a group , analysts had expected American Express to earn 53 cents a share in the second quarter , according to Thomson Financial/First Call .
IBM will announce availability of first of new family of Power PC microprocessors designed to monitor what task the chip is performing and use that information to minimize power consumption ; chip also uses hardware to handle encryption and voice recognition functions that were previously done with software ( S )
For the quarter , I.B.M .
Microsoft and Yahoo were also interested in acquiring DoubleClick , and Microsoft has asked federal regulators to scrutinize the deal .
Under the settlement proposal , Microsoft would be required to make that information available in a ''secure facility , '' where representatives of software makers , computer manufacturers and others deemed qualified could study the Windows programming code and ask questions .
Priceline.com in Stamford , Conn. , which operates a discount-travel Web site , has awarded its account to Hill , Holliday , Connors , Cosmopoulos in Boston , advertising executives informed of the decision said yesterday .
Soon , Corning was obtaining promising results from five-meter samples .
Earlier this month , moreover , the company transformed its Microsoft Network , known as MSN , from a proprietary on-line service to a giant Web site of information and entertainment ''channels , '' much of which is created by independent producers financed by Microsoft .
Over the last six months , Microsoft and the commission have disagreed over whether the company has complied with the ruling .
Linksys , based in Irvine , Calif. , was acquired last year by the network equipment giant Cisco Systems .
Oracle , the second-largest software company after Microsoft , was among the few technology companies to sound a different note yesterday .
But the observations do re-evaluate eBay 's evolution .
Information from Microsoft Outlook was transferred to the Aero without snags , including appointments from my datebook that had been set to remind me .
Proposals in Congress to add prescription drug coverage to Medicare would help the likes of General Motors , the largest automaker and also the nation 's largest buyer of popular drugs like Viagra , Prilosec and Nexium .
Some Internet retailers say affiliate programs , under which they pay other Web sites for customer referrals , are becoming crucial revenue source ; biggest draw of affiliate programs is that merchants do not have to spend marketing dollars to acquire customers until purchase is made ; top-tier Internet retailers currently spend exorbitantly to acquire new customers , mainly because of high cost of advertising on Web portals like Yahoo to develop brand name awareness ; drawing ( M )
As many as 30 investment advisers from Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette are split into two groups : one to meet with advisers for U S West in Denver , the other to meet with Frontier negotiators in New York .
One of the most impressive technical achievements made by the Intel researchers was the speed with which they are able to move data among the separate processors on the chip , Mr. Patterson said .
The decision lets Moody 's rate credit issued by companies in foreign currencies , including dollars , at Aaa , the highest allowable .
Those hotels , as well as the J W Marriott New Orleans , are in or near the French Quarter and the main business district , a highly competitive area for hotels .
Christy Hughes , mouse product manager at the Microsoft hardware group , said the idea for the Tilt Wheel emerged from customer feedback .
Daniel Todd , chief technologist for Keynote Systems of San Mateo , Calif. , which monitors Internet performance for Microsoft 's Web sites , said the assault was unlike any he had seen before .
Allstate , the auto and home insurer , said yesterday that it would pay $ 34 million in restitution and a fine to settle claims by insurance regulators in California that it overcharged on about 250,000 policies over five years .
Interpublic Names Chief Risk Officer
I.B.M .
Analysts said yesterday that Johnson & Johnson and Centocor shared several key development areas , including cardiovascular and gastrointestinal products .
''It has been a great relationship for us , '' said Steve Berkowitz , senior vice president for online services at Microsoft .
But General Electric is not the only imaging company to see clinical diagnosis as a blockbuster market .
The accounting change dealt with the way Halliburton booked cost overruns on projects .
Exxon Mobil released a statement responding to the report , saying ''many of the conclusions are inaccurate . ''
Greenlight has affiliated dealers in 27 metropolitan areas who will provide the cars for the venture with Amazon .
With its latest server announcement , Dell is trying to show that it believes that the latest Intel chips are competitive , and it wants to convince customers that its Intel-based systems offer advantages beyond speed .
Potential Rival Remains Wary of Microsoft 's Power
He said the announcement would lead to new momentum for audio and video producers to settle on a single media format -- controlled by Microsoft .
Yahoo to Try Harder to Rid Postings of Hateful Material
While Lenovo will have its headquarters in New York , the hub of the I.B.M .
Initiative continues to handle media duties for General Motors in Britain .
The program , with many of the capabilities of the Microsoft software , is scheduled for delivery this summer .
Three years after John M Trani became chief executive at Stanley Works in late 1996 , investors are still looking for financial turnaround while Trani is reaping substantial rewards ; Trani was awarded about $ 4 million in cash last year , result of higher bonus and substantial payout from company 's longer-term performance plan ; bulk of Trani 's compensation was his yearly salary and bonus , $ 2.3 million , $ 500,000 more than he was paid in 1998 and in 1997 ; performance plan kicked in the other $ 1.7 million ; graph ; photo ( Market Place column ) ( M )
In addition to lawsuits , Microsoft has introduced software to filter out spam for its MSN Internet access service and will include similar software in the next release of its Outlook e-mail program .
-- The thick pocket-size monthly American Express Executive Travel SkyGuide , which lists global airline schedules in exhaustive detail , is now available electronically in a service called eSkyGuide .
DuPont , based in Wilmington , Del. , fell $ 1.50 , to $ 56.25 .
''If they can cut costs and get rid of inventory , it 's a very positive thing , '' Mr. Ghriskey said , adding that Nike is a core holding in the $ 4 billion investments he oversees .
Time Warner shares , which have been moving upward recently after a four-year slump , closed yesterday at $ 19.77 , down 24 cents .
Apple is recalling batteries from some iBook G4 and PowerBook G4 laptops , representing a third of the notebook computers it sold between October 2003 and this month .
Shares in Apple rose 50 cents , to close at $ 67.81 .
''This brazen deceit by Bowen , '' the company said on its Web site , ''establishes beyond a doubt that he is a man willing and able to commit fraud , not a 'whistle-blower ' who stuck his neck out to end misconduct at Wal-Mart . ''
It is precisely this broad portrayal of Microsoft as a bullying monopolist that is the main target of Microsoft 's defense as it tries to attack every fact , theory and assumption underlying the Government 's case .
When I asked if the plans honored online were identical to those accepted at the more than 4,000 CVS stores nationwide , she said the two lists might be different .
Whole Foods executives , however , say their supermarkets can be high quality , organic and natural but also inexpensive .
Microsoft plans to announce today that it will give dozens of governments and international agencies access to the programming code in its Office desktop software , including word processing , spreadsheet , presentation and e-mail programs .
Competitive browser software may represent a significant threat to Microsoft 's bread-and-butter product , its operating system .
In response to Mr. Amelio 's resignation , Ambrosia Cafe , a Web site created by a Macintosh software developer , Ambrosia Software , invited people thoughts for the Apple a Day page .
An Oracle spokesman would not confirm whether Mr. Ellison would be called as a witness .
For Legg Mason , which manages $ 286 billion in assets , taking on Merrill 's $ 513 billion would lift it into the big leagues of money management .
Nike will begin advertising campaign carrying theme 'What if ? '
AT & T belongs to two alliances , Uniworld and World Partners , which include smaller foreign carriers like Telecom Netherlands , Swiss PTT and Singapore Telecom .
Is AT & T 's broadband strategy flawed ?
PC Demand Helps Microsoft Beat Earnings Estimates
Aetna has said it would not even complete the integration of NYLCare into its operations until well into 2000 .
At ConAgra , Ms. Aniles made $ 9.75 an hour , cleaning cattle hooves .
IBM says that it will spend $ 2.5 billion to build 'the world 's most technologically advanced ' chip factory in East Fishkill , NY ; project will be eligible for package of tax breaks , grants and other incentives amounting to $ 660,000 for each of 1,000 permanent jobs it is expected to create ; photo ( M )
That payment was for Boeing 's work on the NATO airborne early warning system .
Commerce Department reports sales of cars and light trucks slowed to seasonally adjusted annual rate of 14.3 million vehicles in July , down from 15.1 million in June ; Ford Motor Co reports flat July sales , with car sales up 0.3 percent and sales of sport utility vehicles , mini-vans and pickup trucks down 0.4 percent ; Chrysler Corp sets rebates for some 1997 models ; graph ; tables ( M )
Express Scripts ' contract specified that Premier could receive shares of Express Scripts stock if enough of its hospitals signed up with Express Scripts .
In a 1997 E-mail to Mr. Gates , a senior Microsoft executive , warned , ''In my opinion , Windows is in the process of being exterminated here at Microsoft . ''
Now a public company , Morgan Stanley once was a partnership , and a premium has always been placed on pay for performance .
The environmental group , Friends of the Earth , said yesterday that tests that it commissioned had detected a bioengineered corn variety called Roundup Ready , made by Monsanto , in four brands of tortilla chips sold in Britain and Denmark .
So as that juice drink brand enters its fourth summer , its parent , the Coca-Cola Company , is intensifying efforts to gain what the beverage industry calls share of mouth .
Mr. Carr , 42 , joined Goldman Sachs from Salomon Smith Barney in 1998 as a managing director and became co-head of mergers and acquisitions in the Americas in 1999 .
He said it was not yet clear whether the research project would garner the resources that Microsoft throws at major projects , which frequently involve hundreds of developers .
( If you use Microsoft Word , open a document , go to the File menu and choose Properties .
If that is so , the Kodak name and logo , still its best assets , may no longer count for much .
In early October 1997 , Microsoft 's lawyers attended a meeting at the Justice Department to try to explain why it included its Web browsing software in Windows .
Whatever the courts decide , Microsoft 's dominance is likely to continue .
John Connors , Microsoft 's chief financial officer , urged investors during a conference call not to make too much of the issue .
''Rick will have responsibility for the strategic , operational leadership of General Motors , '' Mr. Smith said .
Industry analysts are saying that Microsoft 's technology snags , which they predict could delay the arrival of Windows NT 5.0 until next summer or later , will give Novell much- needed breathing room -- and an opportunity to consolidate its hold over the 40 million Netware users .
Mr. Brown said that if Microsoft had agreed to include those components , it would have permitted companies that developed Java-based computers to forgo Windows entirely and still run Microsoft applications like Word .
''My belief is that Apple had to do it , '' said Eugene Munster , an analyst with Piper Jaffray .
''This is an original idea and helps Apple with their core business , selling devices . ''
Microsoft and Time Warner have waived their right to a hearing in the continuing European Commission investigation into their plan to take over ContentGuard , which makes software for digital rights management , a person involved in the case said Thursday .
In what the company called the Monsanto Pledge , he promised that Monsanto would be more open and respectful in its approach to pushing the biotechnology offerings , that it would share its technology with others and that Monsanto would not use genes taken from humans or animals for use in its products .
The latest problems were attributed to what was called ''significant deterioration '' of the operations of Octagon Motor Sports , which owns car-racing tracks in Britain and Hong Kong , along with ''general revenue pressure '' on all of Interpublic , partly because of economic problems in Latin America and Japan .
In addition to the core cable operation , Comcast said it was willing to acquire AT & T 's minority stakes in Time Warner Entertainment , a joint venture with AOL Time Warner ; Cablevision ; and Rainbow Media .
Pfizer calls Zmax a major advance because it is designed to be taken in a single dose , while Zithromax must be taken for up to five days .
In a conference call with analysts , Cisco said investors should expect revenue to grow 10 percent to 12 percent in the next year .
Enter Mr. Wynn , who had been looking for a legitimate musical theater project to add to his expanding entertainment buffet at Wynn Las Vegas .
The price of the machines , Microsoft said , would depend on PC makers and what hardware features were included .
Eastman Kodak announces that David P Biehn , senior vice president of the company 's ailing consumer division , will retire ; he will be replaced by Robert Keegan , head of the professional division ( S )
Boston Scientific , which had said it had taken 70 percent of the market away from Johnson & Johnson after it introduced its stent , has been struggling to regain its footing , and the latest recall convinced many that it will take much more time for doctors to feel completely comfortable using the device .
Moody 's Investors Service lowered its rating of Saks yesterday to below investment grade and said the outlook for the company was negative , citing ''soft operating performance of the company 's department store chains '' and difficult conditions in the retailing industry .
Xerox said that it rejected that conclusion because it thought that its method produced ''no material difference '' from the figures that would be obtained from the method favored by the S.E.C .
Even the chief executive of Johnson & Johnson , William C. Weldon , said last year that Alza ''is not evolving as quickly as I would like it to . ''
Industry analysts say they expect some airlines will continue to place orders for McDonnell Douglas aircraft even as it is absorbed into the Boeing Company .
The semiconductor business represents very little of I.B.M .
When asked why none of GSI 's other sporting goods partners appear on Amazon , Mr. Rubin would not comment , saying only , ''We prefer you ask Amazon on that one . ''
''We 're encouraged that Morgan Stanley wants to be downtown , '' said Charles A. Gargano , chairman of the Empire State Development Corporation .
''What was brilliant was how Motorola put things together , '' Mr. Schlom said .
In written testimony submitted before his court appearance , Mr. Gates said Microsoft would be forced to withdraw Windows from the market if Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of Federal District Court adopted the states ' demand for a version of the operating system that can be customized by computer makers and software designers .
The restrictions Microsoft places upon Original Equipment Manufacturers are of particular importance in determining browser usage share because having an OEM pre-install a browser on a computer is one of the two most cost-effective methods by far of distributing browsing software .
And the DV models come with iMovie , a digital video editing program that Apple insists will some day be as significant as desktop publishing software was to the original Macintosh almost 15 years ago .
Coca-Cola would have been a good corporate parent for Orangina , Mr. Ricard said , despite all the anti-American sentiment , some of it directed at Coca-Cola , that has swept through Europe in recent months .
Express Scripts ''is confident that its relationships with Premier and Mr. Norling were appropriate , '' it said .
But the union counted just 557,099 members last year , and since then nearly 85,000 of them have agreed to take buyouts or early retirement offers from General Motors , Ford Motor and the parts maker Delphi .
Not International Business Machines .
Starbucks , which is based in Seattle , did not place any messages refuting the rumor on its Web site .
At Morgan Stanley , Mr. Mack began as a salesman in the fixed-income division .
For example , in the case of the DHL deal , Boeing is buying 34 of the 44 planes from British Airways .
If the French gave away the codes , Apple would lose much of its rationale for improving iTunes .
Weill [ Citigroup 's chairman ] asked Grubman to ''take a fresh look '' at AT & T in the hope that Grubman might change his opinion of the company .
Microsoft was joined yesterday by AT & T , a company that traces its lineage to the telephone monopoly broken up in the mid-1980s .
Security workers at Indian Point nuclear power plant ratify five-year contract with Entergy Nuclear Northeast ; agreement averts strike that would have put replacement guards in charge of plant 's security ( S )
The AT & T Corporation said yesterday that it was confident Federal regulators would approve its proposed $ 12.6 billion acquisition of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , despite legal hurdles that now prevent AT & T from participating in the cellular phone business .
For example , the firm joined with Microsoft to create Avanade , a joint venture that advises companies how to use Microsoft software .
The day after the company won a $ 41 billion auction for AT & T Wireless , Mr. Banks contacted labor officials and helped to pull off a rare but significant union organizing success story in the digital age .
Technology Briefing | Telecommunications : Verizon Wireless Offers OnStar Plan
Moody 's Investors Service and Fitch cut their rating on Lucent Technologies ' debt to speculative or junk status ( S )
General Motors plans to reduce the number of salaried and contract workers in the United States by 7 percent this year , an acceleration from the usual 5.5 percent reduction over the last 10 years .
Elements 4.0 is available for $ 99 or , bundled with a new version of Adobe 's movie-editing program , Premier Elements 2.0 , for $ 149 .
Apple said Wednesday that it planned to make the Boot Camp capability a standard feature of the next version of OS X , which is expected to be introduced later this year or in early 2007 .
Newly reunited , Exxon and Mobil might have some of the heft of Standard Oil , their forefather company that once dominated the American oil industry .
They uploaded their efforts to YouTube , and began the supremely popular ''Nuts to CBS '' campaign .
Though Wal-Mart is three times larger than its next biggest retail rival , Mr. Scott appears to be preoccupied with competitors whose individual store sales are growing faster than Wal-Mart 's -- namely Target and Walgreens .
''We needed people who understood the applications and the operating system , and there is no better company for that than Microsoft . ''
Apple Computer 's technical support for the makers of accessories for its popular iPod music player has led to the creation of dozens of compatible products .
It was at NBC 's headquarters that Mr. Falco and some colleagues , including Bob Wright , the chairman of NBC Universal , met in August with Time Warner 's president , Jeffrey L. Bewkes , and Mr. Grant to discuss offering NBC 's programming on Time Warner 's cable systems on a video-on-demand basis .
Ms. Howes , the Coca-Cola spokeswoman in Atlanta , said the practice was developed at the local bottler level and defended it as ''all about developing a partnership with the schools . ''
Unlike other stents , Johnson & Johnson 's device emits a drug to reduce the chance that the artery will clog again .
But Nordstrom suffers a bit from too-good syndrome : when your sales are greater than $ 400 a square foot , where do you go from there ?
It also took steps to allow employees with stock options to obtain cash for them even though the options have exercise prices higher than the current price of Microsoft stock .
But what John Donahoe , president of one of eBay 's most important divisions , really wants is for his colleagues to change the way they work .
I.B.M. , Mr. Norris testified , refused to agree to the exclusive deal with Microsoft .
''If you take away California , France and Japan , Apple has only 4 percent market share , '' said John T. Rossi , an analyst at Robertson Stephens in San Francisco .
The talks have also highlighted some of the complex issues facing players in the emerging new media universe , which could be dominated by AOL Time Warner when that merger is completed .
To handle Windows 98 problems , Microsoft increased its staff of technical support workers by 40 percent , to more than 1,000 engineers , before releasing the upgrade .
It will have more in-house brokers to push its stock and bond offerings , and it will be able to use the prestige of the Morgan Stanley name to attract money from ordinary investors .
Even before last week , Mr. Murdoch 's News Corporation -- already a power here and overseas in broadcast sports coverage -- had became a dominant force in sports cable television .
BellSouth called off merger talks with AT & T last Tuesday because , among other reasons , some BellSouth officials were rattled by the 10 percent drop in Bank of America stock the day that it announced its deal for FleetBoston , an executive close to the negotiations said .
In Microsoft 's case , industry observers say the company could announce a high-profile , short-term alliance as a way of raising its visibility .
Intel 's original Centrino chip set , introduced for notebook computers four years ago , helped popularize wireless communications .
A scion of an upstate New York Coca-Cola bottling family , Mr. Frenette has extensive experience at every level of the company from fountain sales to marketing to bottling and can production .
Last Monday , Amazon.com , which dominates the market for online books with four times the sales of its nearest competitor , said that its online books , music and videos business would post ''very slight sales growth '' in the first quarter from the comparable period last year .
I.B.M .
Microsoft Start will be a stand-alone site on the Web , available free to anyone with Internet access .
A Johnson & Johnson spokesman , Ray Jordan , said the reorganization was partly related to planning for next year 's retirement of Dr .
The MTI Micro fuel cells instead are based on a membrane developed by DuPont , which owns a small stake in the fuel-cell company .
Legal experts were divided over how much time Judge Jackson might give Microsoft to prepare for the hearing , but few thought it was likely to get seven months .
The WB Network , owned by Time Warner , enticed Sinclair with a 10-year deal worth $ 84 million , including $ 64 million to be paid over the next eight years and $ 20 million in the two final years of the agreement .
And since then , Amazon and Barnes & Noble have been careful in their public pronouncements about each other .
While Microsoft , with a Web-based platform called .Net , is appealing to small to medium-size companies , SAP focuses on larger companies , which tend to need more customized software .
Speaking at a late-night session of the World Economic Forum , Mr. Gates , the chairman of the Microsoft Corporation , said the company was working on three ways to enable e-mail users to keep spam out of their computers .
As a computer science student at Syracuse University he wrote programs for the Macintosh , which attracted Apple 's attention when it was recruiting young programmers .
''We estimate that WorldCom 's operating earnings will fall below its interest obligations within six months , '' said Sean Egan , managing partner of the company , which rates WorldCom bonds lower than Moody 's .
Xerox 's sales and profits typically start out slow in January , and build to a peak by December .
I.B.M .
Microsoft argues that the states ' proposal for a stripped-down version of Windows , as well as the other proposed restrictions , are not warranted by the antitrust violations that were upheld by an appeals court last June .
But if the judge rules in favor of PeopleSoft , Oracle could be forced to drop its bid , or stage a proxy fight to gain control of the board at PeopleSoft .
Southwest flies only Boeing 737s , and it typically buys them in bulk .
The move , which could lead to greater consolidation in the wireless communications industry , is favored by Verizon Wireless , AT & T Wireless and other large wireless carriers .
For example , a new Sandisk digital audio player sold on eBay for $ 108.95 this month , when it was selling at Best Buy for $ 200 .
Last month , the European Commission took over a separate investigation by German antitrust officials into claims that Intel was forcing Europe 's biggest computer retailer , Media Markt , to stock only computers fitted with Intel chips .
Mr. Gates said the new products would be rolled out in increments beginning next year , when Microsoft plans to introduce a version of its Windows operating system to be called Windows.Net 1.0 .
Dallas Sumbles , a 22-year-old Navy aircraft mechanic who shops at a Wal-Mart in Jacksonville , Fla. , is paid every other week , and that can be hard , even with military subsidies .
The idea is that Microsoft provides the underlying technology platform , but then partners build programs for industries like health care and banking .
A.T. & T. 's Leasing Unit to Go Public
He then imported a cadre of former Citigroup executives and cleaned up the bank 's problematic credit card business .
The management organization , he said , is intended to ''sharply delineate '' the two major tasks facing I.B.M .
He also sat on a Wal-Mart real estate committee that advised Seiyu on land issues .
''I did one show with Wal-Mart .
Kideo Productions Inc gets patent for technique for inserting images of people into digital media that it says can make process of video editing an inexpensive , mass-production operation ; House of Representatives rejects substitute bill that would have prevented Congress from converting Patent and Trademark Office into Government-owned corporation and from introducing 18-month publication deadline into United States patent law ; nine scientists working for Abbott Laboratories and Merck & Co win Inventor of the Year awards from Intellectual Property Owners Assn for patents covering protease inhibitors , first new class of drugs for treating AIDS since mid-1980 's ( M )
According to internal company documents made public as part of the suit , as the government was preparing to halt the part of the trial looking at Cardura , Pfizer began to take steps to remedy what it saw as a ''potential threat '' to its business .
Sun Microsystems yesterday announced new low-cost servers based on Intel chips as part of its strategy to compete with Hewlett-Packard , I.B.M .
Analysts said they were generally unimpressed with Merck 's announcement and were concerned about the company 's guidance that sales of Fosamax , an osteoporosis treatment , and Cozaar , a blood pressure medicine , will be flat or drop in 2006 .
The only restriction , Mr. Gates replied , was that Web sites accorded featured billing on Microsoft 's Internet browser were not allowed to promote Netscape on their home page , one mouse click away from Microsoft 's so-called Active Desktop channel guide .
Not too long ago , Nike and other corporations insisted that public disclosure would destroy their business . ''
American depository receipts of News Corporation rose 1 percent to $ 25.03 .
But Microsoft 's withdrawal on Monday was apparently not directly related to the earlier controversy , according to several industry representatives .
The contract proposals presented in court were a series of suggested discounts on the price of Windows if I.B.M .
Earlier this week , Agilent said its unprofitable Healthcare Solutions Group would begin a global reorganization program to reduce its regular work force of approximately 5,000 , by about 450 people by the end of October .
Mr. Hilal said that even assuming the PeopleSoft-Oracle merger received approval from the Justice Department , Oracle would surely have to raise its bid .
Still , ''they have to walk a fine line , '' Ms. Corlett said of Wal-Mart executives , because ''the last thing they want to do is alienate their tried-and-true believers , the shoppers who love their Wal-Mart , warts and all . ''
They say the company has used its dominance in software operating systems -- roughly 90 percent of all personal computers run on Microsoft systems -- to stifle competition in other areas , mainly in its moves to take over the market for Internet browsers , which allow computer users to connect to the millions of sites on the World Wide Web .
He did not get a reply until August , when a reporter asked Home Depot why the chief executive had not responded to one of its large shareholders .
Amazon will use the offices of Wieden & Kennedy to handle ads around the world .
''It 's a disaster , '' a senior Interpublic executive said , speaking only on the condition of anonymity .
Other states that have been mentioned as likely rivals to Washington include Illinois , Texas , Ohio , Virginia , South Carolina , Georgia , Arizona , Arkansas and Kansas , where Boeing builds many of its fuselages .
Apple has tinkered with the formula , but the new iPod holds more music for less money and takes up even less pocket space .
After an April 1 meeting between Mr. Albaugh and Mr. Roche , a Boeing lobbyist wrote about the increasing help from Paul D. Wolfowitz , deputy defense secretary , and Donald H. Rumsfeld , the defense secretary .
Netscape and Sun Microsystems , which support the Justice Department 's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft , have lined up their own high-powered help , hiring Bob Dole , the former Senate majority leader and Republican Presidential candidate , and Robert H. Bork , the former Supreme Court nominee , to lead software publishers trying to insure that Microsoft does not squeeze them out of future markets .
At the same time , Pentagon auditors told Bloomberg News that they were reviewing whether Boeing overcharged the Air Force by a ''significant amount '' on a $ 1.3 billion contract to upgrade NATO surveillance aircraft .
The agency is Ketchum , owned by the Omnicom Group , which as part of its work for the Education Department paid the company , Graham Williams , to have Mr. Williams promote the law on his syndicated television program and to other African-Americans in the news media .
Now , in a fundamental and strategic shift , Microsoft will offer consumers the ability to research buying decisions for new computers , appliances , even domestic help .
as a model , Boeing has recently embarked on a shopping spree , expanding into services like aircraft maintenance and the conversion of passenger jets into freighters .
The MCI Communications Corporation , the second- largest long-distance carrier , is trying to form a wireless consortium that would rival A.T. & T. , and it is among the groups lobbying the F.C.C .
Procter & Gamble In Shift on Clairol
I.B.M .
Once ranked as Britain 's leading supermarket chain , J Sainsbury posted a net loss on Wednesday , the first since it was founded 135 years ago , and said it had talked to the banker Morgan Stanley about warding off potential takeover moves .
Shares of Pfizer are near their lowest levels since 1997 , closing Friday at $ 22.43 , and a broad index of drug stocks has fallen 25 percent in five years .
''Amazon commoditizes the product , '' he said .
By mid-June , according to American Airlines , its more than 2,200 daily domestic and international flights will be equipped with wireless hand-held devices to enable flight attendants to process major credit and debit cards .
Nike officials would not disclose the campaign 's budget , nor would they provide any information on the number of visitors to Nike 's sites .
When Netscape refused , the Government further contends , Microsoft decided to bundle its own Web browser , Internet Explorer , with the Windows system to drive Netscape out of the browser business .
Later this week , I.B.M .
Microsoft , however , has not been willing simply to compete on the merits .
Merck 's board first considered adopting the plan several months ago , well before it withdrew the drug , she said .
Procter & Gamble has about a dozen prescription drugs on the market today , as well as 20 over-the-counter remedies , including such well-known products as Nyquil , Pepto Bismol and Metamucil .
''If it had n't been Microsoft -- if it was company X doing this -- it would be warmly embraced , '' said Dave Goldberg , the chief executive of Launch , which is working with Microsoft to make MS Audio 4.0 music available on its Launch.com Web site on Tuesday .
Ms. Heath is the lead program manager on the team responsible for the Microsoft Home , a technology-laden demonstration project .
Toys ''R '' Us and Amazon.com said yesterday that they were merging their online toy-sales units , an acknowledgment that selling toys on the Internet has been too hard for each of them alone .
This market has been viewed as an opportunity for rival chip makers to possibly gain a strong position by undercutting Intel 's prices .
While negotiators for Verizon Communications and its workers resumed bargaining yesterday over crucial elements like health benefits and job security , the two sides also swapped accusations over the appropriate use of the phrase , ''Can you hear me now ? ''
Some regulators say they question whether companies like VeriSign , whose job it is to referee the legitimate use of Web addresses , should be potentially profiting from misaddressed Web queries .
In April , Robert D. Glaser , the chief executive of RealNetworks , sent an e-mail message to his counterpart at Apple , Steven P. Jobs , asking him to license Apple 's format .
Many Honeywell businesses , including chemicals and industrial controls , have been hard hit by the softening economy and high raw materials costs .
By contrast , auditors had scrutinized Chevron , which is based in San Ramon , Calif. , and Dynegy and backed their arguments with supporting data .
But in doing so , Verizon has angered many MCI shareholders who have supported Qwest 's bid , which is 17 percent higher .
Like the volatile DRAM chip business before it , the NAND market is considered a commodity market , and Intel 's arrival will clearly put tremendous pricing pressure on its competitors , he said .
I.B.M .
The board of MCI Inc. said late last night said that it was sticking by its merger agreement with Verizon Communications and rejecting a higher bid from rival Qwest Communications .
ChevronTexaco , based in San Ramon , Calif. , said it planned to relocate about 500 employees from offices in New Orleans , Northern California and Midland , Tex. , to the building , which is expected to eventually house about 3,700 employees .
Mr. Glaser has been vocal in his condemnation of what he considers Apple 's proprietary strategy and he has said he believes the strategy is a mistake .
But despite the shift in style to a less adversarial tone , the substance of Exxon 's position has not changed with the new chairman .
Microsoft has monopoly power in the market for PC operating system software .
Microsoft , the statement said , considers security for its customers its ''top priority '' and is working tirelessly to make its systems ''as secure , private and reliable as possible . ''
I.B.M .
Comcast will assume about $ 20 billion in debt as part of the deal , debt that had accumulated from AT & T 's cable acquisitions since 1997 .
Some analysts and industry executives noted that the Apple designers had shunned Cingular 's higher-speed digital cellular network .
In terms of space , ChevronTexaco is not actually increasing its presence in this area .
Power Expansion ; Duke Energy Will Acquire Cinergy for $ 9 Billion in Stock
Consumers can expect more Internet providers as result of tough regulations Federal Trade Commission imposed on America Online-Time Warner merger ; by requiring merged company to open Time Warner 's cable lines to at least three broadband Internet sevice providers within 90 days of offering high-speed cable access to AOL , FTC ensured that consumers will have choice of cable broadband providers , prospect that seemed highly unlikely when deal was signed a year ago ; analysts say that in turn will spur competition to provide lower-cost access and new services ( M )
Kellogg plans to use new type of soybean oil known as low-linolenic to reduced trans fats in its baked foods ; will mainly use oil made by Monsanto at first ; shortage of oil , which is in high demand , will slow changeover ; photo ( M )
First , Microsoft argues , anything that looks damaging is taken out of context .
Ronald L. Bittner , Frontier 's former chairman , who died last year , spent decades working his way up the ladder at Rochester Telephone and had a strategic vision for the company .
But the company 's high-profile chief executive , James Robinson , led American Express on a series of costly and ill-considered forays into brokerage and investment banking services that left the company weakened and its work force demoralized .
''I 'm glad this is resolved , because it could have gone on in the courts for a long time , '' Mr. O'Neill said , adding : ''I was totally caught by surprise that Campbell would react this way .
As an initial step , Yahoo cut a deal with the regional Bell company SBC Communications to take over programming for its 3.6 million Internet subscribers , including those using the venerable Prodigy network , which SBC just bought .
In addition to the $ 7,000 reimbursement for businesses , Con Edison is offering up to $ 350 to residential customers for spoiled food .
Cisco shares fell 33 cents , or 1.5 percent , to $ 21.35 in after-hours trading .
''This has to be the worst kept secret in San Francisco , '' Mr. Barrett said , acknowledging that the computer industry has been expecting Intel to shift course for the last year .
But Intel said inventories were still lower than it wanted and declined to assure analysts that supplies would come into balance with demand before the end of the year .
Johnson & Johnson Adds a Late Twist To Guidant Bidding
Excluding costs associated with layoffs and other one-time expenditures , Motorola earned $ 132 million , or 6 cents a share , 3 cents higher than the consensus projection of analysts polled by Thomson First Call .
''The last thing Johnson & Johnson needs in trying to provide a health care service to consumers is to have it come back and slap them in the face as something negative , '' Barbara A. Ryan , an analyst for Alex .
IBM is sponsoring genetic research by scientists with little business interest at its vaunted labs in bid to sell computer products and services tailored to science and medicine ; effort has spurred projects like $ 100 million supercomputer designed to handle complex biological simulations and new software that translates paper-based research methods into searchable online system ; photos ( M )
Yahoo Japan earned 5.9 billion yen ( $ 54 million ) in the quarter , 111 percent more than the same period a year ago .
Two weeks ago , a Federal judge in California ordered Microsoft to make its version of Java compatible with Sun 's version within 90 days .
''But coming to Microsoft , walking in and knowing they have a whole system from A to Z , everything 's been worked out and they know what they 're doing , well you appreciate that , too .
Household released a statement supporting Citigroup 's announcement .
In 1995 , PNC 's initial stake in BlackRock was worth $ 240 million .
Foreign business optimism over the thaw between North and South Korea has waned considerably in the few weeks since their leaders met and a symbolic truckload of Coca-Cola crossed into the North , one of orthodox Communism 's last redoubts .
Investors were hopeful that Intel 's results would be a sign that Asian economic turmoil was not battering the nation 's high-technology companies .
In the scramble for office space before the smoke cleared in the financial district , Mr. Fuld discovered that American Express was trying to sublease the same three floors of a new building on the waterfront in Jersey City that Lehman Brothers wanted .
A Boeing spokesman , Arthur Park , confirmed the announcement , which came after intense negotiations that had threatened to scuttle the deal .
SAP and Microsoft felt forced to confirm the talks because they were likely to be disclosed in an antitrust trial stemming from the Oracle Corporation 's hostile bid for PeopleSoft .
Individually , the I.B.M .
''A lot like Xbox , the idea that really initiated the project was broader than the product itself , '' said J Allard , a co-creator of Xbox and a Microsoft executive who oversees the Zune product line as corporate vice president for design and development .
AT & T stock rose $ 1.375 today , closing at $ 56.625 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Many corporations , in burst of expansive en-titling , are bestowing chief executive titles all around their divisions ; Geoff Unwin , actual head of Cap Gemini Ernst & Young , notes that his company has nine ; Bertelsmann recently hired Joel Klein , Justice Department antitrust lawyer , as one of 8-10 chief executives in US alone , Boeing will create three new such positions , while General Electric , organized around separate operating units , has 51 chief executives ; reasons for trends , including tight labor market , corporate growth and increase in mergers , discussed ; photo ; graph ( M )
Medtronic shares fell $ 2.375 , to $ 67.625 .
Xerox and Microsoft will collaborate with ContentGuard to develop digital rights management technologies , which provide for the distribution of digital content while protecting against unauthorized copying .
Most analysts agree that Ms. Russo is running to Lucent Technologies , not away from Kodak .
I.B.M .
Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service
Last year , the Playskool unit of Hasbro began marketing the Magic Screen Learning Desk and in June expanded the line with the Magic Screen Learning Pal , another toy robot , which is intended for children 18 months to 6 years old and teaches numbers , shapes and colors .
Last week , AT & T announced that it was breaking up into three independent companies .
Disney Internet Group will provide content from ESPN.com , Disney.com and ABCnews.com to automobile stereos through OnStar system of General Motors Corp ; information will be access through voice-activation and voice-synthesis technology ( S )
U.S. V. MICROSOFT : THE HOMETOWN
But it is Whole Foods that the analysts are watching .
Microsoft argues that California , Iowa and the other states do not have the standing to ask for restrictions that would apply to Microsoft 's business practices nationwide .
At worst -- the view taken by Mr. Perelman -- it appeared that Morgan Stanley was trying to hide damaging evidence .
In three startling boardroom shifts , the directors of the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York voted yesterday to demote the chairman and chief executive of the troubled agency company , replace him with another top manager and dismiss the leader of its largest and most problem-plagued division .
Two large trials and one smaller one presented yesterday compared Taxus from Boston Scientific and Cypher from Johnson & Johnson , the only two drug-eluting stents approved for use in the United States as well as overseas .
In announcing the new service , Apple also introduced new iPod portable music players that are lighter and equipped with more memory than earlier versions .
Regardless of which public relations approach they take , Verizon and AT & T share the same basic problem .
Mr. Ciarelli 's attorney , Terry Gross , of Gross & Belsky in San Francisco , said that Apple 's attorney had refused to identify the specific trade secrets contained in articles published on the Think Secret Web site .
Hewlett-Packard sends Amazon.com a big 'thank you ' just in time for the holidays .
A $ 2 billion share repurchase would have immediately increased Pfizer 's earnings by 2 cents a share .
Verizon Communications is prepared to raise its offer for MCI if MCI agrees to state publicly that some of its customers oppose rival offer from Qwest Communications ; Verizon wants MCI board to explain to its shareholders why it is willing to accept lower bid from Verizon ( M )
He said that in arguing for a dismissal , Allstate had ''not presented sufficient evidence to rebut this claim . ''
In testimony early this week , Steven McGeady , an Intel vice president , said William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , and other Microsoft executives , had threatened Intel 's leaders in 1995 as part of a successful effort to push them out of the software-development business , and to dissuade them from supporting the Netscape Communications Corporation , Microsoft 's major competitor in the market for Internet software .
Intel expects Viiv hardware and content to be available during the first quarter of next year , with simultaneous introductions in France , Germany , Italy , Britain , the United States and other countries .
Motorola said yesterday , however , that there was a chance additional costs would be incurred after a restructuring .
''Returning Apple to sustainable profitability is the company 's number one objective for fiscal 1998 , and we believe we 're making great progress toward that goal . ''
The purchase could allow Microsoft to expand beyond the approximately 35 percent of United States households that own PC 's to reach the 98 percent that have televisions .
Together , the actions by both AT & T and its regulators bring the company closer to a new era in which it will have more flexibility but probably more competition than ever before .
And the financial instability of the small carriers raises other risks for Lucent , Nortel and Cisco , which have all provided financing to enable carriers to buy their products .
The forced disclosure of technical information and the requirement for an unbundled version of Windows , with a slimmer price tag , are the two things Microsoft has most strenuously opposed .
Likewise , Nordstrom was caught short at the height of the craze for Nike sports apparel last year -- probably , Mr. Nordstrom said , because Nike was either confounded or overwhelmed by the flurry of order forms it was getting from various Nordstrom buyers .
Indeed , he wound up making about $ 500,000 investing with Morgan Stanley from 1996 to 2001 , Mr. Blum said .
The anti-deal group , the person said , fears the move could bring an outcry as critics portray Microsoft as a corporate Big Brother , trying to track every mouse click on the Web and profit from it .
The Whirlpool Corporation is recalling about 1.4 million dehumidifiers because some components can overheat and cause fires .
A.T. & T. stock gained 25 cents a share today , closing at $ 61.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , while MCI lost 75 cents , to $ 55.325 , in Nasdaq trading .
Revenue from software , which is a lucrative but slow-growing business for I.B.M. , increased 2 percent , to $ 3 billion .
MTV Networks and Yahoo Inc introduce World Wide Web music guide , Unfurled ; site will offer comprehensive directory linking users to music-related Web sites and have daily music news , event listings and industry gossip ( S )
''The only thing that makes this case plausible for Oracle is that the customer assurance program is so novel , '' Mr. Coates said .
International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) , in bid to showcase its own technical prowess and make Internet more useful , to announce that it will make the contents of more than two million United States patent filings dating back to 1871 available to general public free on World Wide Web ; people with access to Internet will be able to use site to search patents by various categories , including subject , inventor and key words ( M )
Negotiations between Verizon Communications and its two main unions appeared to grow more thorny yesterday , with a settlement now unlikely in the next few days .
Mr. Gabbard said he told a Wal-Mart lawyer that ''I 'm the guy listening to the board of directors when Lee Scott is excused from the room . ''
Even Apple executives acknowledge that the company has made little headway in corporate markets recently .
''If I were Microsoft , I would spend my money first on selling units rather than building an online service , '' said Kazuo Hirai , the president and chief operating officer of Sony Computer Entertainment America .
Goodyear is the dominant player in the United States , and attaining 75 percent ownership of Sumitomo 's American plants will not change that .
Interest in Vornado 's intentions only intensified last month , when the company notified the Securities and Exchange Commission that it planned to raise $ 7.5 billion in debt and equity within the next two years .
Examples include Charles Babbage 's 19th-century Analytical Engine ( a forerunner of the modern computer ) , Alan Kay 's Dynabook of the late 1960 's ( a dream machine , rendered in cardboard , of a wireless notebook PC , which pointed toward what personal computing might become ) and Xerox 's Alto in the 1970 's ( a sturdy working prototype that brought accessible , point-and-click computing to life ) .
By contrast , the chips I.B.M .
They contended , as a result , that they were not violating any agreement by publishing the reviews of the Pentium II chip , which Intel plans to introduce by midyear .
After yesterday 's settlement , Judge Joseph E. Irenas of the Federal District Court in Camden dismissed the Campbell lawsuit .
In fact , Microsoft recently announced that the next version of its Messenger would feature live games .
Walmart.com said it did not comment on outside reports , but Target said it was satisfied with the current situation .
After Pepsi-Cola , a division of PepsiCo , concentrated on sibling products like Mountain Dew Code Red and Mountain Dew LiveWire last year , Mr. Hemphill said , ''now is really good timing to attempt to re-energize the core Mountain Dew brand . ''
Microsoft argued in court that America Online had chosen Internet Explorer because it was technically superior ; it offered specific features that Microsoft valued that Netscape could not match .
For the last several years , prices have been falling for what eBay calls collectibles -- antiques , souvenirs and other one-of-a-kind knickknacks .
In Venezuela , foreign companies including Exxon Mobil , Chevron , ConocoPhillips , BP and Total of France could lose once-favorable terms and in essence be forced to transfer up to $ 8 billion in value to the government , just as some opportunities elsewhere are drying up .
''That is a coincidence , '' Mr. Parsons said , adding that the figure was intended to return as much capital as possible to shareholders while preserving financial flexibility and Time Warner 's investment-grade credit rating .
And now , many people in the computer industry and at Microsoft believe that there is a convergence of a number of technologies , including display , processing , battery and storage that will finally pave the way for commercial tablet computers .
Its main screen , Microsoft says , is intellectual property that by law belongs to company .
And in March , Wal-Mart agreed to pay a record $ 11 million to settle accusations that it used hundreds of illegal immigrants to clean stores .
Regarding charges that it misled regulators , Citigroup said in the statement that it had ''developed and disseminated an updated policy on responding to regulatory examinations that reaffirms CitiFinancial 's commitment to ensuring that all examiners obtain complete and accurate information from employees . ''
Arts , Briefly ; Microsoft in Deal With Epic Records
Elsewhere , Cisco Systems , a battered technology giant , advanced $ 1.26 , to $ 20 , on trading of nearly 89 million shares .
Cadillac has been hard pressed to compete with status symbol cars like the BMW 7 Series , but as its parent General Motors has tried to embrace S.U.V .
Monsanto said it was disappointed .
Mr. Weill acknowledged that he had tried to help Mr. Grubman -- Citigroup donated $ 1 million to the school -- but he denied the arrangement Mr. Grubman described .
Amazon.com , No 1 Internet retailer , reveals how it uses customer data it collects to help it and other companies sell more ; says it is sending e-mail marketing messages on behalf of other comnpanies , and that it buys informaton about customers from outside databases ( S )
The Intel Corporation , the leading semiconductor maker , and Micron Technology announced Monday a joint venture to manufacture NAND flash-memory chips in an effort to tap into one of the chip industry 's fastest- growing segments .
''When we look at potential customers , '' Mr. Colbeth explained , ''we look for companies with defensible different businesses from Microsoft or companies that are in an entirely different business . ''
Novell and Cisco Set Broad Compatibility Accord
First , Mr. Houck said : ''We think the most important part of our case is now the exclusionary contracts Microsoft has with Internet service providers that require them to refuse to promote competing browsers .
Intel will build $ 2.6 billion chip-manufacturing plant in China ; plant , which is scheduled to open in 2010 , probably will not involve exporting any big secrets ; will produce only so-called chip sets , or chips that work to support microprocessors ; Intel says it will not produce company 's core technology in China , powerful microprocessing chips that are at heart of modern personal computers and servers ; photo ( M )
It also promised a record-breaking marketing campaign , capitalizing heavily on its ties to Time Warner 's Internet , broadcasting and magazine businesses .
Oracle , Locked in Acquisition Struggle , Reports Good Quarter
Adjusted for acquisition costs and other one-time items , Oracle 's profit rose to 18 cents a share , from 14 cents in the period last year .
Verizon Communications lays off 2,700 workers in New York and New Jersey , citing slumping economy ( M )
''Odd that the camps do n't worry about a major newspaper running a story using their real names and general locations , is n't it ?
The campaign , by BBDO Worldwide in New York , part of the Omnicom Group , is aimed not only at potential viewers but also at Madison Avenue , to stimulate demand for commercial time , and at other cable system operators , to persuade them to offer BBC World News to their subscribers .
In letters to the Government last month , the lawyer representing Netscape contended that Microsoft was charging some personal computer makers an additional $ 3 for Windows 95 , if they gave Netscape 's Navigator equal prominence on the screen of new machines with Microsoft 's Explorer .
They met as graduate students at Rockefeller University in New York in 1970 and have been working together on speech technology ever since , including a stint at I.B.M .
And he said that Intel executives had also visited editors of PC Professionelle .
Steven P. Jobs , the chief executive of Apple , said in an interview that he hoped that his company could create the same market for $ 1.99 video that it did for 99-cent song downloads .
American Express Publishing , which is a partnership between the Time Inc. unit of Time Warner and the American Express Company , publishes four consumer magazines , including Food & Wine and Travel & Leisure and specialty publications for American Express customers , like Departures magazine .
If you happen to be a subscriber to .Mac ( Apple 's $ 99-a-year collection of Mac OS X utilities ) , you can use the free Backup program to automatically copy just your iTunes music and playlists to the external drive .
On the downside , Citigroup saw income from investment activities drop 77 percent , to $ 93 million , on lower debt sales and proprietary investment gains .
Apple has enjoyed a remarkable corporate revival the last three years under the leadership of Steven P. Jobs , who returned to take the helm of the company he co-founded in 1975 .
It is this kind of detail about Microsoft 's Internet strategy and the inner workings of the software powerhouse that are to be found in the thousands of pages of deposition testimony from dozens of witnesses in the Microsoft antitrust case released yesterday .
I.B.M .
Profit at Japan 's largest online directory , the Yahoo Japan Corporation , nearly doubled in the July-September quarter as sales of modems offset slowing advertising revenue .
He met his wife at Tufts , worked for a number of high-tech companies in California and , in his spare time , created eBay as an online auction market in 1995 .
He will retire next year , at age 65 , he after a 20-year stint at the helm of General Electric .
Digital , which agreed last week to be acquired by the Compaq Computer Corporation , is racing against I.B.M. , the MIPS unit of Silicon Graphics Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. to stay ahead of the increasingly powerful Intel Pentium microprocessor chips , which recently reached speeds of 333 MHz .
Wal-Mart has also been running a television ad nationally that features a Wal-Mart worker whose company health insurance covered his toddler son 's treatments for life-threatening liver disease .
How would life go on without the familiar Apple menu ( which lists favorite files , programs and folders ) , Application menu ( for switching among open programs ) and pop-up windows ( folder tabs that spring up to reveal lists of files ) ?
''We 've lowered some prices , '' Mr. Gates acknowledged , making it more difficult for Microsoft to achieve the fat profit margins it has enjoyed in the past .
Amazon 's intention to tie a subscription service to its own music player was reported yesterday by The Wall Street Journal .
Software sales are a critical part of Oracle 's strategy to get more business from its database customers .
Microsoft reaches $ 536 million antitrust settlement with Novell and agreement with Computer and Communications Industry Association that has long fought Microsoft on antitrust issues in US and Europe ; Microsoft hails agreements as culmination of its 18-month , multibillion-dollar campaign to settle antitrust conflicts ; settlements suggest United States government and most of computer industry have moved beyond their decade-long pursuit of company for antitrust violations ; Bradford L Smith , Microsoft 's general counsel , comments ( M )
''Moody 's corroborates and confirms to a large measure our projections , '' he said , ''so you know , to ignore Moody 's and budgetary realities while engaging in profligate spending is simply irresponsible . ''
But several current and former Wal-Mart employees confirmed in interviews that violations of state law on child labor and breaks were a recurring problem at many understaffed Wal-Mart stores .
While entire industries have been struggling for more than half a decade to find the right combination of features to merge cellphones and computers , Apple appears to have stepped in at precisely the right moment .
In addition to sheer reach , the deal has the potential to help Yahoo move from the current state of the Internet -- which mainly involves sending static pages of information over relatively slow modems -- to the expected world of broadband services , in which audio and video programming can be delivered over cable television systems or much faster modems that use telephone wires .
As part of their sales pitches , American manufacturers like Lockheed Martin , which is bidding on a contract to supply transport aircraft worth about five billion Canadian dollars , are promising to do large amounts of military work for the Pentagon in Canada .
He spoke of the supremacy of the ''PC model '' -- hardware and software as separate businesses ( Microsoft , of course , dominates the software side ) .
Yesterday , a federal judge denied Verizon 's request to require Vonage to post $ 255 million in bonds during the appeal , a move that would have seriously depleted Vonage 's cash reserves and hampered its ability to market its service .
TRW will sell its aeronautical systems unit to Goodrich for $ 1.5 billion in cash amid lingering threat of hostile takeover from Northrop Grumman ( M )
approved Vioxx , in May 1999 , doctors and consumers were well versed in the benefits of the Cox-2 drugs , making Merck 's job far easier .
It would also prevent Microsoft from entering into certain restrictive and discriminatory pricing agreements , require the company to make some disclosures about its software code and restrict the company from retaliating against competitors .
''Work force reductions mean that we have more space in the World Financial Center and now we have the space to bring the people back to the city , '' she said , adding that American Express plans to sublease its office space in Jersey City and three other locations .
Also on the ice , ready to tutor Mr. Scesa and about 40 other Bank of America employees , were five people with experience , ability , agility and decidedly different shoe coverings : the members of the United States women 's curling team .
Shares of Goldman fell 19 cents , to $ 70.08 ; shares of Lehman fell 16 cents , to $ 59.53 ; and shares of Morgan Stanley rose 57 cents , to $ 40.05 .
Many customers have no credit record , so Wal-Mart will have to train employees to analyze credit risk and create effective collection systems .
Time Warner 's announcement yesterday also said that three top officers -- the chief financial officer , Wayne H. Pace ; the controller , James W. Barge ; and the deputy controller , Pascal Desroches -- had reached a settlement with S.E.C .
The settlement ended a trade-secret dispute that began in March when Intel sued Broadcom for hiring several former Intel employees .
Verizon hopes that Yahoo 's popular portal and its range of services like e-mail and instant messaging will help attract first-time broadband customers .
''It 's time for the board to set aside its cozy relationship with Purcell , wake up and start thinking about Morgan Stanley 's shareholders , '' Mr. Strickler wrote .
One midlevel Microsoft employee said that a broker at Salomon Smith Barney , the firm hired by Microsoft to administer its option program , pushed him to take such risks .
AT & T has long used satellites to fill in the gaps in its international long-distance network , but the company has tended to rely primarily on fiber optics , copper wires , undersea cables and land-based communications switches -- all of which it makes or installs through its Network Systems equipment division .
The labor union that represents 10,000 employees of Hynix Semiconductor promised today to take ''aggressive action '' to block any deal for Micron Technology to buy the company .
The ratings agency Moody 's Investors Service said that it might raise its rating on debt owed by Thailand 's largest bank , Bangkok Bank .
Market Place : Big Three auto makers have been showing signs of renewed strength this month , but to Wall Street the industry seems to have reached a plateau ; even two bullish announcements from Chrysler Corp and Ford Motor Co leave analysts talking about auto stocks mostly as safe bet if stock market nose dives ; Chrysler Corp says it earned $ 1.03 billion during first quarter , up 2.4 percent from $ 1.01 billion in same quarter last year ; revenues were $ 16.1 billion , increase of 7.8 percent ; Ford says it will raise its dividend to 42 cents a share during second quarter , up 3.5 cents ; about 1,800 workers go on strike at Chrysler 's main engine factory in Detroit , Mich , forcing company to plan a shutdown of four assembly plants by early April 11 ; table ( L )
Microsoft has invested $ 51 million in Groove Networks , the peer-to-peer communications company started by Ray Ozzie .
The pricing shift is an effort to put pressure on software competitors like Microsoft and Red Hat , the biggest distributor of the free Linux operating system .
In June , Yahoo Japan , in which Softbank has a 50.8 percent stake , introduced high-speed Internet service for Japanese homes , financed by an 80 billion yen bond issue that Softbank sold in September ; many analysts say the service has yet to make money .
Microsoft 's latest operating system , Windows XP , was selling for 32 yuan , less than $ 4 , in the back alleys of Beijing 's technology district before Microsoft formally released the $ 180 legal version for the China market earlier this year .
''But because of the nature of what Wal-Mart does , it will affect the people who grow food , the people who eat it and the people who sell it . ''
and Honeywell might benefit from the advocate general 's opinion .
Willie E. Gary , a lawyer for the plaintiffs , said at the news conference that Microsoft discriminated against black employees in evaluations , compensation , promotions and termination .
From the inception of this case Microsoft knew , from well-established Supreme Court precedents dating from the beginning of the last century , that a mandated divestiture was a possibility , if not a probability , in the event of an adverse result at trial . ''
Verizon Indicates It Could Scrap MCI Bid
Talks between Cisco and Northern Telecom officially ended when Northern Telecom announced a week ago that it had agreed to buy Bay Networks Inc. for $ 9.1 billion in stock .
Citigroup additionally set aside $ 200 million after taxes to cover potential losses on loans made by the bank , particularly to Argentina and to energy companies that have faltered in the wake of Enron 's failure .
In addition , he said , subscribers increased faster than expected in Yahoo 's dating service and Internet service partnerships with SBC Communications and the BT Group of Britain .
''Fashion is where Wal-Mart has missed , '' said Bill Dreher , an analyst at Deutsche Bank Securities .
A little outfit called Microsoft .
But that faith has been shaken in the last couple of months , and now investors face the question of how well Microsoft can perform after its conduct has been ruled to be illegal and a breakup of the company ordered .
''This is one more example of American Express taking a free ride on Visa , '' said Carl Pascarella , president of Visa U.S.A .
The analysts , in reports they issued yesterday , offered mixed responses to Interpublic 's results .
No wonder some executives at AT & T did not want Dr. Blaze to publicize his finding that a person with sufficient computer skills could defeat the Government 's Clipper technology by using it to encode a message so that even the Government could not crack it .
Moreover , analysts worry that Yahoo is turning into the weakest player in what has become a three-way race for the mass Internet audience , behind AOL Time Warner and Microsoft 's rapidly growing MSN .
Of all the 13 members of Morgan Stanley 's board , Mr. Knight arguably has the most in common with Mr. Purcell .
Professor Gramlich and his colleague , a retired University of Michigan professor , James E. Wheeler , said the law firm misused certain data in ways that favored ChevronTexaco .
Last year , it announced a drive to package chips with other components in ''chip sets '' that would be the building blocks for products like cellphones that other companies could assemble and sell , often in competition with Motorola 's own cellphone group .
''In this fragmented and fractured marketplace , women are targeted by tons of marketers ' messages , '' said Lenny Stern , a partner at S.S. & K .
At the same time , it has focused less on pure clock speed to improve computer performance than Intel has .
Then on May 15 , a group of 10 open-source and free software leaders including Mr. Stallman and Mr. Torvalds released a document taking heart in the perception that Microsoft was on the defensive .
Yet Wal-Mart officials say the efficiencies they gain will outweigh the effects of having what labor experts say would be a less experienced , less stable , lower-paid work force .
Patricia Hewitt , the secretary of state for trade and industry , referred to the Competition Commission the preliminary proposals by the country 's three largest supermarket chains -- in descending order , Tesco , J Sainsbury and Asda , a unit of Wal-Mart Stores .
Boeing Co 's planned acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corp in deal valued at nearly $ 14 billion marks beginning of endgame in rapid consolidation of defense and aerospace industries ; more than $ 40 million in mergers have taken place in weapons industries in last four years , largely at Pentagon 's urging , and few remaining players are struggling to find partners ; analysts predict more deals in coming months ; some likely mergers discussed ; photo ( M )
By taking a stake in Daiei , Wal-Mart would gain a broader network of large stores and would thus be well poised to use the same low-cost , low-price strategy in Japan that has worked in the United States .
The suit was filed in Ecuador on behalf of 88 plaintiffs in Lago Agrio , a small oil town in northern Ecuador , and asserts that during two decades of operation , from 1971 to 1992 , ChevronTexaco dumped over four million gallons a day of toxic wastewater , contaminated with oil , heavy metals and carcinogens into open pits , estuaries and rivers .
Still , the new role of A.T. & T. does alter the debate about the Bells .
Linux-based applications now account for 20 percent of the workloads on I.B.M .
In the report , John Bola , an assistant professor of social work at the University of Southern California , reviewed six long-term studies involving 623 people who had symptoms of psychosis .
The layoffs will force Priceline to take a one-time charge in the fourth quarter , the company said .
So in the latest deal , he said , Xerox had not substantially increased its risk .
The move by the Internal Revenue Service came two days after International Business Machines said that it used the technique to avoid paying $ 1.6 billion in income taxes .
Chubb first indicated it was considering selling the life insurance and real estate units last fall , and the market immediately responded by bidding up the company 's stock 12 percent .
Gateway and McCann , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of Interpublic , parted ways on the creative account in February .
Moreover , Citigroup 's consumer strategy in the United States largely hinges on Mr .
CBS Radio and WFAN produced the show and contracted with Mr. Imus as its star .
Steve Harmon , once prominent as a venture capital fund manager , will join LiveDeal , an eBay-like service , as vice president for business development .
Steven A. Ballmer , the combative chief salesman of the Microsoft Corporation , was named the company 's president yesterday .
Home Depot reaches agreement with large disgruntled shareholder Relational Investors that will prevent proxy fight over company 's strategy ; Relational will receive seat on company 's board and four directors involved in hiring Robert Nardelli , recently dismissed chief executive , will leave board in 2008 ; Relational founder David H Batchelder will join Home Depot board on Feb 22 ; Batchelder will also serve on significant board committees -- audit and executive compensation -- which will put him in position to closely scrutinize Home Depot 's strategic operations as well as its top executives ( M )
In another indication of concerns about Natrecor , GlaxoSmithKline said yesterday that it was giving up its rights to eventually market the drug throughout Europe , selling those rights to Johnson & Johnson for an undisclosed amount .
The cash deal gives Citigroup a stronger foothold in the fastest-growing segment of the securities processing and prime brokerage business , areas where rivals like JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs have been building their business for years .
Robert J. Darretta , Johnson & Johnson 's chief financial officer , said late yesterday that the majority of job cuts were coming from the company 's consumer and professional divisions because both units were being converted from primarily local to regional operations .
But by the end of March , he said he had been chilled by yet another steep one-day market drop and by a CNBC report on Cisco .
Microsoft said that Dr. Felten 's program had merely hidden the browser , that all of the browser 's programming code remained .
Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column compares Web used-book purveyors Amazon.com 's zShops , Half.com and Bookfinder.com ; drawing ( M )
Among the Microsoft trial 's electronic highlights has been the company chairman , William H. Gates , in a sworn deposition , flatly contradicting his E-mail statements .
Despite its size and breadth , the settlement does not conclude Coke 's legal troubles .
''It sure feels good , '' said Steven P. Jobs , the co-founder and chief executive of Apple , during a telephone interview after the company 's briefing for analysts .
That suit focused on the tactics Microsoft used against Netscape Communications , the commercial pioneer in Internet browsing software , which AOL bought in 1999 .
Hasbro , Furby 's manufacturer , says that the toy should be widely available in the next few weeks for $ 39.99 .
''This is the first time we 've tried this , '' said Michelle Vaeth , a communications director at Procter & Gamble in Cincinnati .
''You can bet Xerox is asking Danka and Ikon accounts , 'Hey , are you sure you want to buy from these people when you do n't even know if they 'll be in business tomorrow ? '
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; At American Express , a Fall In Expectations And Earnings
Apple sells three basic designs of the iPod , with prices from around $ 80 for the tiny Shuffle to $ 349 for a full-featured iPod .
Still , Ms. Jennings said it would have been a waste to discard the AT & T name since it had become synonymous with phone service in the United States .
In the last two years , regulators have also rejected the company 's applications for drugs for osteoporosis and pain , and Pfizer has discontinued development of a medicine for schizophrenia .
That effort had the support of Novell , Sun , Netscape and a number of other Microsoft rivals .
On the international front , Citigroup has been aggressively expanding , though expenses remain high .
Mr. Brayton , who sells lighting fixtures and chandeliers from his shop in Ocala , Fla. , loves eBay 's ability to bring in customers .
Then last month , Microsoft 's chairman and co-founder , Bill Gates , announced that he would leave his day-to-day role at the company in two years .
At the same time , Electronic Arts made a controversial decision not to make games for the Sega Dreamcast introduced last year , deeming the system would not be sufficiently popular to justify the $ 3 million to $ 4 million it costs to develop individual games .
''We nailed our profitability goals , '' Warren C. Jenson , Amazon 's chief financial officer , said in a conference call with journalists .
Mack Hires Ex-Colleague as Morgan Stanley 's Legal Officer
Indeed , company executives said AT & T would not be interested in a deal with Bull unless it received a license as a quid pro quo .
Even though Planned Parenthood was encouraged by Wal-Mart 's pharmacy policy , the company expressed confusion about the attention it was getting .
Pfizer rose 17 cents , to $ 28.60 .
On Friday , Microsoft stock closed at $ 117.9375 .
Bob Herbert Op-Ed column says semiconductor industry has reacted with near paranoia to suggestion that anyone has gotten sick or died from working with hazardous chemicals used in electronic manufacturing ; says manufacturing processes have improved and safety is less of problem now than in years past , but there is compelling need to know whether some of men and women who did grunt work in creation of fantastic new industry sacrificed their health and their lives in the process ; notes more than 200 plaintiffs have sued IBM and its chemical suppliers ; says what is needed is disinterested , third-party study to provide answers to crucial question of whether some premature deaths of workers could be linked to workplace ( M )
Yahoo Inc. blamed a ''planned attack '' by computer hackers for a service failure that lasted nearly three hours today , in a rare interruption of one of the most popular and best performing sites on the World Wide Web .
Think New Ideas , interactive shop in which Omnicom Group owns minority stake , completes acquisition of Fathom Advertising ; Interpublic Group of Companies forms Coleman Group Worldwide , network of companies specializing in corporate identity and package design work ( S )
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , the big securities firm , yesterday laid off 120 employees who worked in its information technology department , a spokeswoman confirmed .
For the time being , Ms. Felix has a job cleaning potatoes at a plant near Garden City , seasonal work for two months at $ 6.20 an hour , considerably less than the $ 9.50 an hour she earned cleaning the ConAgra plant .
The United Nations standard , which was backed by some American companies and which has been widely adopted in Asia and Europe and by the Pentagon , competes in some ways with a joint Microsoft-I.B.M .
In December 2003 , a three-judge panel from the Ninth Circuit Court upheld the decision against Mattel and sent the matter of legal fees back to Judge Ronald S.W .
Last year , he awarded Monsanto $ 2.9 million in damages -- the maximum allowed -- from a Tennessee farmer whom Monsanto had accused of violating its patent .
Its sales of Microsoft Office desktop products , which many industry analysts regard as mature , increased 23 percent , to $ 2.88 billion .
On the face of it , AT & T would not seem to have as much riding on the liberalization of Europe .
I.B.M .
Warden , 57 , a heavyset man and a detailed , methodical interrogator , sought to portray Netscape as a Microsoft rival that went running to the Justice Department as a business tactic .
Metro Business ; I.B.M .
Intel is spending $ 150 million to jumpstart WiMax technology by creating a series of new chips designed to support the WiMax standard .
And Clorox has reached an agreement to sell Deer Park Bottled Water to an undisclosed buyer .
Rocky Mountain Recycling showed Wal-Mart how to use its compactors to sandwich used plastic between layers of cardboard , making it easier to transport .
Shares of Microsoft rose 49 cents , to $ 25.75 .
Correction : October 28 , 2005 , Friday An article in Business Day on Tuesday about Wal-Mart 's energy conservation proposal referred imprecisely to its plans to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases by 20 percent over the next seven years .
The apparel store was the first one Amazon built entirely with outside retailers , Mr. Grandinetti said .
Some software companies are reducing amount of free technical support they offer to customers , leaving many users to fend for themselves or pay fees that range from nominal to fairly steep ; Microsoft is bucking trend , promising unlimited free support for software packages , but is starting to charge customers who buy individual components and need more than installation instructions ; photo ( M )
The CVS drugstore chain , which has in the past dabbled in radio ads and direct mail to drum up digital print business , has begun to run national television ads for its kiosks .
The agents and the employment commission may proceed on the issue of the release , although Allstate may introduce new objections .
Contacted about Ms. Widmaier-Picasso 's remarks , Liz Elsner , a vice president for merchandising for Costco 's Web site division , said the company would promptly investigate .
By acquiring PeopleSoft , Oracle hopes to move closer to becoming the Microsoft of corporate data centers .
A keyword search for Woodco fabric , for instance , returned no results and a question from eBay : ''Do you mean woolco fabric ? ''
Then , James seemed eager to be the face of the News Corporation 's Internet business , and was a regular speaker at conferences and was a public booster of the industry .
On Wednesday , Comcast 's stock offer was valued at $ 26.47 a share .
Warmed by the prospect of two old foes coming together , investors drove up the shares of AT & T and MCI Communications yesterday , after MCI confirmed a report that they were in discussions about teaming up to build local telephone networks .
Nonetheless , Citigroup recently posted a 65 percent drop in third-quarter earnings , largely because of big losses incurred in increasingly risky and volatile global financial markets .
At Merck , for example , vaccines now under development use science ''that was not available a decade or two ago , '' said Dr. Adel Mahmoud , head of vaccine efforts .
Cisco began developing technology in cooperation with Bosch about a year ago , but found that potential customers wanted not only technology , but also financing and help in deploying wireless equipment .
Mr. Stemberg says Staples tracks its sales per customer closely and has found that a typical shopper who visits only the store spends between $ 600 and $ 700 annually .
Analysts say Time Warner 's operating income for third quarter grew less than it reported ; cites statistics ( M )
Portraying Microsoft in the uncharacteristic role of an underdog , Mr. Gates singled out targets that included Netscape Communications , America Online , the Lotus division of I.B.M .
Intel will offer two new versions of its Itanium 2 processor , as it tries to gain wider acceptance of its high-performance server chips ; seeks to cut cost of server using chip to under $ 7,000 ; second , low-voltage version will use less power ( M )
At his news conference Tuesday , Lee R. Raymond , the Exxon chief executive , said that the deal could prove as significant for the development of natural gas as for oil .
Boeing 's code , which the company 's 160,000 employees must sign , states that employees ''will not engage in conduct or activity '' that could embarrass the company or raise questions about its honesty , impartiality and reputation .
Procter & Gamble reports net loss of $ 320 million for fiscal fourth quarter ended June 30 , mostly because of $ 1.16 billion restructuring charge , compared with year-earlier net income of $ 516 million ; profit , excluding revamping charges , rose 7.7 percent , to $ 837 million , compared with $ 777 million a year ago ( M )
He said the new product had its roots in work done at Microsoft Research , which during the last decade has developed a global mapping database known as TerraServer .
Wal-Mart Sets Records , and Its Shares Drop
Giant ConAgra beef processing plant in Garden City , Kan , has been shut down since fire on Dec 25 , and many of its 2,300 employees have growing sense of desperation ; several hundred have found other jobs , but most have not , and for many savings are gone and unemployment compensation has run out ; deepening uncertainty is fact that ConAgra has said nothing about plant 's fate ; photos ; map ( M )
I 'd switch to Microsoft . ''
Apple 's intention to shift to Intel chips beginning in 2006 was reported Friday by CNET News.com , a technology news service .
The shares of Lockheed Martin , the nation 's largest military contractor , have more than tripled since their low in early 2000 ; Northrop Grumman 's are up some 165 percent .
Goldman Sachs Group confirms plan to acquire Spear , Leeds & Kellogg , biggest trading firm on floors of nation 's stock and options exchanges , for as much as $ 7.4 billion ; will play $ 4.4 billion in stock and $ 2.1 billion in cash ; Goldman expects to complete deal by end of year ; photo ( M )
Only hours after the Federal Reserve made its surprise cut in short-term interest rates , two of the nation 's largest banks -- J. P. Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo -- announced they would reduce their benchmark lending rates effective today .
In that meeting , according to Mr. McGeady , Mr. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , had threatened Intel if the company did not terminate software development work that Microsoft saw as an encroachment on its own desktop software turf .
Microsoft introduced three software products on Tuesday that are intended to blur the lines between traditional phones and computer networks within corporations .
The earnings show the potential for growth but also the steep challenges facing AT & T and other telephone companies that are turning into multifaceted telecommunications providers offering landline , mobile , Internet and television services .
That point was a crucial part of the Microsoft-Novell pact , which also included joint technology development and marketing programs .
About 22 percent of eBay listings are placed there by third-party programs using eBay application programming interfaces .
''Time Warner 's major philanthropic goal is to make arts accessible , '' Mr. Houghton said .
The court also said that a class action was the best way to proceed because the case contained many common questions regarding the workers , such as whether Wal-Mart had a practice of altering employee time records and promoted a work environment in which policies were ignored to cut labor costs .
Congressional Democrats said yesterday that they had asked Wal-Mart Stores for its wage data so they could examine claims of pay and promotion bias against women .
Apple recently retained the executive search firm of Heidrick & Struggles to look for a new chief executive .
Insurance company investigators say they have discovered nation 's largest organized auto insurance fraud ring in northern New Jersey ; say scheme involves hundreds of people and at least $ 75 million in bogus claims , and probably raised premiums for drivers across state ; say Jose Alphonso Siri , native of Dominican Republic whose current whereabouts are unknown , is ringleader ; Allstate and four other insurance companies have filed lawsuits over scheme ( M )
Visa International in San Mateo , Calif. , has expanded its relationship with its United States agency of record , the BBDO New York unit of the Omnicom Group , by awarding that shop the assignment to create projects aimed at presenting a unified world image for the Visa brand .
Aetna Settles Texas Suit Over Doctors ' Cost Rules
The question that Morgan Stanley 's directors must now decide is whether the problem was chiefly Mr. Purcell , or his strategy to create a financial supermarket that served customers ranging from retirees living on fixed incomes to multinational corporations .
Goodyear said recently that it had received reports of 15 deaths in crashes attributed to the tires .
Later this year , Pfizer will lose American patent protection on Zithromax , an antibiotic that is its sixth-best-selling drug .
In a sign of increasing Congressional scrutiny of the Microsoft Corporation , the Senate Judicary Committee formally asked it yesterday to allow business partners to provide information to the committee without notifying the software maker .
''That contract is absurdly lucrative for Motorola , '' said Armand Musey , an analyst at Banc of America Securities .
Merck also reported that it now faces more than 14,000 lawsuits related to Vioxx , up from 11,000 at the end of March .
That change will cost Merck billions of dollars a year .
directly from their couch , '' said John Rodman , Microsoft 's group manager for the Xbox 360 , in a telephone interview last week .
The first biotech crop to be commercialized was the Flavr Savr tomato , developed by a biotechnology start-up that Monsanto acquired .
RAY AND ELNA KAWAL hit the open road this fall on an 8,000-mile trip in their 2002 Chevy Tahoe with General Motors ' OnStar navigation system serving as their North Star .
Core earnings for the fourth quarter increased 22 percent , to $ 1.09 billion or 77 cents a share , Procter & Gamble reported .
Though an Oracle spokeswoman declined to discuss Oracle 's witness list , both Lawrence J. Ellison , the company 's chief executive , and Safra A. Catz , the co-president , are expected to testify .
The companies in the consortium are ENI , Royal Dutch/Shell , Exxon Mobil , Total of France , ConocoPhillips and Inpex of Japan .
Morgan Stanley delayed the re-indexing because Gazprom was slow to increase the free float of its London-traded stock after a restriction on foreign ownership was lifted this year .
NETGEAR WNR854T -- Like Apple , Netgear managed to design a sleek white case with no protruding antennas .
Titles and hierarchy do not seem to matter much at Microsoft ; anyone with ideas can join the fray .
There have been reports that Vornado would invest in a planned bioscience research center in the Longwood Medical Area of Boston , and also acquire Suffolk Downs , the Boston racetrack .
He said he felt ''compelled '' to submit a second written response to the commission because some documents concerning the case were not made available to Microsoft until two days before the Feb. 15 deadline for written responses .
''People need to know that there are drugs other than Cipro , that the supply will not be a problem and that these drugs will be available to the government at a reasonable price , '' said Henry A. McKinnell , chairman of Pfizer .
Seeking to wipe the slate clean after enduring a sharp plunge in its business , Cisco Systems said today that it took more than $ 3 billion in charges against its earnings , leading it to report an overall quarterly loss for the first time in its 11-year history .
''One of the goals of research is to find the fatal flaw , '' said Joseph Antos , technical director for optical fiber at Corning .
McDonald 's has marketed the Dollar Menu to teenagers , young adults and minorities who are already plagued with an especially high incidence of obesity and related health problems like diabetes .
''Now , you just ca n't walk on to a Compaq and know it , or move on from Compaq to Merck or Chase . ''
had been gaining on Oracle recently but trailed by so much that substantially closing the gap without a major acquisition seemed unlikely .
Mr. Lessig 's own personal E-mail became a source of controversy last year when he was named special master by the judge hearing the Microsoft antitrust case .
( MacManus executives have insisted there is no deal to sell to Interpublic . )
Sequent will become a subsidiary of I.B.M. , and Sequent 's technology , which allows hundreds of processors to act as one large computer , will be folded into I.B.M .
Correction of August 3 headline about IBM making some software code more widely available ; code will not be in public domain ; Apache Software Foundation will hold rights
Microsoft to begin worldwide campaign to promote its Windows XP operating system ( S )
Microsoft is a prime exhibit in Oracle 's defense .
''Once it has been sent to the recipient , it 's essentially the property of the recipient and not the sender , '' said Patty Smith , an Amazon.com spokeswoman .
Their blue , green , orange and yellow wings had spans of 12 to 20 inches , the larger ones accompanied by a caption -- ''It 's better with the Butterfly '' -- advertising Microsoft 's new MSN 8 Internet service .
''We learned our lesson , '' Mr. Murdoch , chuckling ruefully , said at the operational headquarters of the News Corporation on Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan..
Helped by Pricing Strategy , Amazon.com Reports Profit
The new service , currently named Fox Business Channel , will be developed and overseen by Roger Ailes , the chairman and chief executive of Fox News , with Neil Cavuto , the managing editor for business news for Fox , anchoring and overseeing the channel 's content .
said investors in General Electric had little way of knowing the extent of those benefits , which it said added up to $ 2.5 million in the first year after Mr. Welch retired in September 2001 .
Linda Sanford , the head of I.B.M .
MCI 's board , in accepting Verizon 's latest offer , said that some of its largest customers were deeply opposed to a merger with Qwest because of its heavy debt , legal woes and limited telecommunications assets .
In the most recent quarter , AT & T said it was offering local service to more than 1.9 million customers , up from about 400,000 in the second quarter .
In a lengthy interview at the company 's Westchester County headquarters here , Mr. Gerstner acknowledged that the announcement was certain to focus attention on the question of succession at I.B.M .
Boeing and the Air Force began promoting a plan this year to lease 100 of the 767 's for use as aerial-refueling tankers to replace some of the Vietnam-era tankers in the Air Force 's 500-tanker fleet .
Everything is so topsy-turvy at the American Express Company these days that some midlevel managers have spacious offices with soothing water views but Kenneth I. Chenault does not .
He also confirmed that the company was discussing a partnership with either AT & T , Sprint or Nextel Communications .
Once the merger is approved , Time Warner will have three large and opinionated shareholders in addition to Mr. Turner : Gordon Crawford , the senior vice president of the Capital Group of Companies , which will own 7.4 percent of the voting stock ; the Seagram Company , which will own 9.8 percent , and Tele-Communications Inc. , the giant cable operator , which will own 10 percent of the company through a special class of shares that carry no voting rights .
If all goes well , AT & T said 30 percent of those homes , or 5.7 million customers , will sign up for U-verse .
Mr. Bressler , a veteran of the media industry who has held several top positions at Viacom and Time Warner , is the latest highly ranked executive from corporate America to join the ranks of the growing and lucrative private equity industry .
Moody 's Downgrades Rating On Mazda 's Unsecured Debt
Amazon will operate CDNow 's Web site and it will ship most of the merchandise from Amazon warehouses , according to executives close to both companies .
''Microsoft has made about 40 modifications or additions to the Java language . ''
She said that to help customers , Amazon and others would be well served to be clear about what time the sales start .
As a result , Boeing did not build a competitor to the A380 .
Shares of Aetna rose $ 4.75 , or 8.6 percent , to $ 59.9375 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , well above their $ 38.50 low on Feb. 18 but still 40 percent below their 52-week high of $ 99.875 last May .
Although the trek into traditional business sectors can be rocky -- as with an effort by eBay to start a television show -- success can help ensure a company 's viability .
But the biggest gap was in the consumer market , where I.B.M .
For the year , Apple reported earnings of $ 601 million , or $ 3.61 a diluted share , nearly twice the $ 309 million , or $ 2.10 a diluted share , it reported in fiscal 1998 .
What Staples and other retailers have discovered is that the Internet does not cause customers to migrate away from stores to the Internet , it simply offers another powerful shopping channel that complements the retail business .
Mr. Stratton said some existing Verizon phones could be upgraded to make them able to download music .
Of greater interest to Microsoft , Connectix has developed a similar product for Windows-based PC 's that permits computer users to run multiple operating systems , including Linux , simultaneously .
Agilent Technologies said Monday that the sale of its semiconductor business to a private equity partnership for $ 2.6 billion was part of a strategic realignment intended to let the company focus on high-margin products .
In courtroom action today , Judge Jackson closed the trial to the news media and public while he heard testimony from Franklin M. Fisher , an economist and Government witness , about the prices Microsoft charges personal computer makers for Windows .
Pfizer Loses One Remedy For Its Slump
Citigroup 's share price increased less than 1 percent in 2005 .
I.B.M .
The values of Citigroup and Travelers fell sharply in the months after that deal was announced in 1998 , though they soon recovered .
Microsoft Office , the familiar toolbox of desktop computing , is a huge and lucrative business , but demand has slowed .
was clearly seen by Microsoft as an unwelcome foray into its domain .
But its stock fell 88 cents yesterday , to $ 30.62 , partly as a result of the decline in Merck shares .
''At Microsoft , the freedom to innovate for our customers is more than a goal , it is a principle worth standing up for . ''
In the short term , General Motors hopes to entice as many of its 113,000 hourly employees as possible off the payrolls with the buyouts , which for some could be worth up to $ 140,000 .
Instead of the 2 percent gain in December sales that Wal-Mart forecast last week , the company said yesterday that the figure was closer to 3 percent .
When the Carbon broke down , he learned that its manufacturer had left the business , unable to compete with Apple .
In its first quarter last year , Intel reported revenue of $ 8.1 billion and earnings of 26 cents a share .
The declines are somewhat offset by lower costs from I.B.M .
The Planned Parenthood Federation of America expressed outrage over the decision by Wal-Mart , saying the company ''deserts women faced with reproductive health emergencies . ''
And Procter wants more sites to accommodate advertisements that use techniques known as ''rich media , '' which can enable both banners and bigger ads to include animation , sound and even full video .
The Semiconductor Products Sector of Motorola Inc. in Austin , Tex. , said yesterday that it had named the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago to handle a new assignment -- creating worldwide image advertising for Motorola semiconductors .
CORE CONSTITUENCY -- The annual worldwide developers conference of Apple Computer will be held all week , starting Monday , in San Francisco .
The big-picture approach is often referred to as enterprise risk , and some analysts are skeptical that Marsh & McLennan can pull it off successfully .
Procter & Gamble 's commitment to Hudson River Studios was the key reason that United Labor Life Insurance Company , a pension fund company that makes investments aimed at stimulating job growth , had agreed to award the complex a $ 70 million construction loan , according to a financial source involved with the project who did not want his name published .
A Citigroup spokeswoman said yesterday , ''We are disappointed that the BaFin has referred to the prosecutor the question of whether action should be brought , '' adding , ''We will continue to cooperate fully with all authorities reviewing this matter . ''
Citigroup reports 23 percent increase in third-quarter profit ; net income was $ 3.92 billion compared with $ 3.18 billion in quarter year earlier ; earned $ 3.79 billion compared with $ 3.26 billion year ago ; Citigroup stock rises $ 3.83 , to $ 34.14 per share ; chairman Sanford I Weill comments ; photo ( M )
Best Buy has named units of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , to handle the account of its electronic-commerce Web site .
Some drug companies , including Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline , are already offering discount cards to the elderly , promising to cut prices on medicines they manufacture .
And while Mr. Jobs , 44 , has carefully presented himself as the single public face of the revitalized computer maker ( which he co-founded in 1976 ) , it is Mr. Tevanian , 38 , working largely outside of the public eye , who has re-energized Apple 's programming force and sharpened its efforts .
But both Microsoft and the government told him they did not think that was allowed under the law , so Judge Jackson backed down .
He wants Amazon to know that he loves Bob Dylan , so he has given high ratings to those CD 's and dozens of other favorites .
Robert A. Lutz , the vice chairman of General Motors , said at an auto industry conference last month , ''We should get diesels in the mix because it 's one way we could get 10 to 15 percent fuel economy improvement while keeping the size mix that we have . ''
Correction : March 24 , 2006 , Friday A front-page article yesterday about General Motors ' plan to offer buyouts to all its union workers misstated one severance alternative .
began a broader investigation into Time Warner 's accounting .
For instance , a bank might want to convert its Visa corporate cards to American Express cards , to take advantage of American Express 's strong business card program .
For example , Xerox announced last week that it would sell toners and cartridges for Hewlett-Packard printers .
Mr. Riccitiello said that Microsoft wanted players to log into and play within a virtual world controlled by Microsoft and operated by its computer servers .
On June 30 , a federal appeals court handed Microsoft a convincing victory in ending its domestic antitrust problems , upholding the settlement the company reached with the government two years ago .
Margaret M. Foran , Pfizer 's corporate secretary and its vice president for corporate governance , joined Mr. Melican as a Roundtable representative at the meeting .
AS Boeing turned the corner ?
''We think there 's a lot of productivity to be gained by people having things in one place , '' said Jeff Ressler , Microsoft 's director of Exchange marketing .
It accuses Judge Jackson of failing to give Microsoft due process and issuing findings without citing the evidence or legal precedents that justify them .
But unlike Barnes & Noble , it has not yet struck a deal with any of the major manufacturers of the equipment like Xerox or I.B.M .
At the same time , Wal-Mart 's heft in the marketplace means it may have other obligations when it comes to selling magazines , she added .
`` This is not a charge against AT & T itself , '' she said .
But Kevin W. McCarthy , an analyst at Banc of America Securities , said Monsanto would not be hurt much because Posilac , even before the cutbacks , accounted for what he estimates at $ 250 million to $ 300 million in annual sales , or about 5 percent of the company 's expected total this year .
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE : REGIONAL MARKET -- Westchester ; From Canyons of Manhattan To Serene Old Haunt of I.B.M .
An ambitious campaign to promote the struggling Saturn division of General Motors as a more youthful brand could well be called ''Town Without Parents . ''
Intel Corp plans to invest $ 200 million in start-up companies that are creating digital home entertainment technology that could eventually reach nearly every American household ; company 's newest venture capital fund is intended to support development of digital home entertainment networks , which would connect digital devices , like stereo systems , portable music players , flat-screen television and personal computers , and permit them to share and transfer video , music and information from room to room ; Intel vice president Scott C Darling and Intel Capital president John H F Miner comment ; photo ( M )
For many new movies , Amazon 's $ 14.99 maximum price is lower than other download services , like Movielink , which sells most new releases for $ 19.99 .
The Price column in iTunes says Free for every single podcast , and Apple says it has no intention of changing that .
In a partial transcript from the questioning , included in the indictment , Mr. Zimmerman is asked : ''Did you ever talk to anyone at Waterford about their selling product to Bed Bath & Beyond in 2001 ? ''
But even as those arguments were playing out , there were indications that Morgan Stanley had not been well managed in critical situations that had nothing to do with grand strategies .
's , the operating system code that rival software manufacturers must know if their products are to run on Windows as effectively as Microsoft 's programs do .
Netscape executives said that despite Microsoft 's highly visible deals , the company still trailed Netscape in several ways .
Ashok Nayyar , who worked in Citigroup 's leveraged finance area for 17 years , will join Morgan Stanley as a managing director and co-head of leveraged and acquisition finance .
The absence of any immediate denunciation of Microsoft , even from members of Congress who have been critical of its activities , reflected not only a desire to study the decision by Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson and weigh the politics of attacking a generally popular company , but perhaps also represented a bow to the corporation 's increasing role as a campaign contributor .
Microsoft will now push to shift the locus of computing off the desktop altogether -- and out into a ''cloud '' of large server computers located on the Internet .
His name also surfaced on a long list of candidates during the Morgan Stanley chief executive search .
But on the trading day before the report was made public , Amazon shares lost 9 percent of their value on three times the previous session 's trading volume .
Sales of A.T. & T. 's telecommunications network products and systems dropped 12.2 percent , to $ 1.7 billion , A.T. & T. said .
To the ire of investors , Coke has been virtually bereft of a major advertising theme since last year , when it dumped its commercials featuring touching reunions gone hopelessly awry because they were not toasted with Coke .
On Yahoo , I refined my search by price , megapixels and zoom , but the list was still 126 items long .
Now , in a three-and-one-quarter page document , Microsoft is offering to show flexibility in two broad areas raised in the lawsuit : the company 's restrictive contracts with Internet companies , and the limits computer makers face in their ability to customize the opening screen of the Windows operating system .
While all television networks have seized upon online video , few invested more aggressively than Nickelodeon 's parent company , Viacom .
Revenues from I.B.M .
In the parts of Oklahoma and Arkansas where the Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company , Oklahoma City , does business , the target audience numbers about 428,000 , said Bruce Sullivan , director of brand development at the bottler .
Comcast has sold exclusive advertising rights to New Balance , the footwear maker , for several million dollars .
European antitrust regulators conclude two-day session on Oracle 's proposed unsolicited takeover of PeopleSoft , hearing arguments from customers , competitors and from PeopleSoft ; European Commission has until May 11 to make final ruling ; trial over US Justice Department 's lawsuit to block takeover is scheduled to begin June 7 ( M )
Whatever happens , Conrail shareholders are getting a much better deal than seemed likely in October , when Conrail spurned private talks with Norfolk Southern and agreed to a merger with CSX .
''It 's an I.B.M .
The more Java applications that are written , the more potential uses there are for I.B.M .
Time Inc. executives said they decided to limit sales at first to Wal-Mart for many of the same reasons , but will roll out the magazine to other retailers and offer it by subscription .
The former chief executive of the Raytheon Corporation , Daniel P. Burnham , has agreed to pay a fine and return part of a $ 1.75 million bonus to settle Securities and Exchange Commission accusations over improper accounting practices in 2000 and 2001 .
Larry Weber , chairman-chief executive at Advanced Marketing Services , division of Interpublic Group of Cos , is resigning as division is dismantled ; Weber will become consultant to David Bell , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic , and Weber Shandwick , public relations agency he helped found ; Mark Shapiro , chairman-chief executive for North American operations at Momentum , part of McCann-Erickson World Group division of Interpublic , is leaving because his job is being eliminated ( S )
Fuji tried unsuccessfully to wrest a permit from New York to let it throw a big farewell-to-Seinfeld bash in Times Square , already home to a huge Kodak sign atop the Marriott Marquis hotel .
American Express is abandoning Jersey City and moving its employees back to its building in Lower Manhattan to consolidate operations that were scattered across New York region after World Trade Center attack ( M )
$ ( But Boeing 's core business continues to rake in large orders .
But Wal-Mart and some large food manufacturers are careful not to position their organic versions as superior to the original .
Other major airlines in the United States have recently negotiated similar concessions from pilots , so regional jet makers can now offer planes to those airlines to compete against Airbus A318 's and Boeing 717 's , both 100-seaters .
His current Amazon holdings are approximately 117 million shares , worth $ 1.36 billion .
Barry Johnson , a spokesman for Best Buy Advertising in Eden Prairie , Minn. , said the decision came after a monthlong review that had been narrowed to Starcom and three finalists in New York he declined to identify .
Last year a team of researchers won a patent for Merck for a new breed of turkey that would make it easier for breeders to separate male and female birds .
Investors are looking at Xerox with renewed respect .
Of course , I followed his advice -- I always do -- but I also put in a call to Microsoft at the same time .
Wal-Mart , too , is trying to move away from the lowest-priced electronics goods .
J. P. Morgan and Citigroup are planning to raise an additional $ 1 billion for Enron from other banks .
Beginning Sunday , Mr. Palance will be featured in an estimated $ 10 million campaign for a new-product co-venture between Frito-Lay Inc. , the nation 's largest seller of salty snacks , and the food products division of the Clorox Company .
Jinro , a well-known South Korean maker of alcoholic drinks that has been floundering on the edge of insolvency for more than five years , has begun a legal counterattack against an adviser that became one of the company 's biggest and most impatient creditors : Goldman Sachs .
After years of insisting that America Online had to ''own '' its customers and trying unsuccessfully to persuade cable operators to lease the use of their lines as ''dumb pipe '' for high-speed Internet access , AOL Time Warner 's executives came to a realization this summer : The only way to persuade AT & T and Comcast to distribute the cyberspace service over their cable lines was to package America Online as if it were a premium movie channel .
It is time for the Wal-Mart board to bring in an outside investigator , one without previous ties to the company .
Moreover , sales slowed for I.B.M .
By contrast , I.B.M .
Cisco Planning a Multimedia Network
Midway through its quarter , Intel said it was on track to report revenue of $ 6.6 billion to $ 6.9 billion , compared with the $ 6.4 billion to $ 7 billion it projected on Jan. 15 .
I.B.M .
Mr. Herbold , a member of the association 's board , added that Microsoft had come to believe that was no longer true .
But Judge Wald issued a dissent to the part of the opinion that said , in effect , that Microsoft should be allowed to bundle almost any features it wants with the company 's operating system , if the bundling benefits buyers .
Citigroup fired the investment manager , Daniel Dantas , a controversial Brazilian financier mired in several lawsuits and shareholder disputes , last month as the general manager of its $ 728 million private equity fund in the country .
Humana is drawing on a new $ 1.5 billion line of credit from the Chase Manhattan Bank to finance the deals .
''There is a potential for empty store shelves and that would be a deep problem for retailers , much more than for Microsoft , '' said Seymour Merrin , president of Merrin Information Services , a consultant in Palo Alto , Calif .
To some of his colleagues at the Lockheed Martin Corporation , Charles Thomas Burbage seems to have come right out of the pages of ''The Right Stuff , '' Tom Wolfe 's homage to the test pilots who broke the sound barrier and took the United States into space .
The deal is the latest indication that Cisco is cultivating a part of the industry that formerly viewed it with mistrust .
Barneys New York is seeking buyer or new investor to help it expand ; has hired Peter J Solomon Co and Morgan Stanley to examine options ; photos ( M )
Seiyu opened its first supercenter this year , and , following the Wal-Mart model , is installing a computer system to track merchandise .
In the 1990 's , it created Shuttle by United in an effort to shove aside Southwest Airlines in the low-cost market on the West Coast .
People close to AOL said that in recent months the company has grown increasingly concerned about Microsoft 's new .Net Hailstorm strategy , which is meant to aggregate a wide range of personal information and consumer transactions .
Oldsmobile , which General Motors Corp plans to put out of production , was founded in 1897 by Ransom E Olds , one of industry 's pioneers ( M )
Uwe E. Reinhardt , a health economist at Princeton University , said that by allowing workers several visits to the doctor before requiring them to pay out of pocket , Wal-Mart had ''removed a big financial barrier between doctors and patients , '' adding that critics ''would have trouble attacking this plan . ''
But the All China Federation , the government-controlled labor umbrella group , issued a statement earlier this week suggesting that it would be able to contend with Wal-Mart , one of the world 's biggest companies .
''It 's a good result that should keep Oracle shares moving , albeit slowly , in the months ahead . ''
Searchers today recovered one of the ''black boxes , '' the cockpit voice recorder , from the Alaska Airlines jet that crashed on Monday and said they had heard electronic pinging from the other , officials said this evening .
The diversification strategy , which has had mixed results , was the brainchild of McDonald 's former chief executive , Jack M. Greenberg , who was succeeded at the beginning of this year by James R. Cantalupo .
Annual bonuses at Google range up to 25 or 30 percent , as they do at I.B.M .
But he said that the technology Microsoft has in development , which he declined to describe , will be different enough to win new users .
Wal-Mart Stores , the nation 's largest company , has aggressively expanded beyond basic consumer goods and appliances into the sale of drugs and groceries .
Analysts said the size of the deal was a clear sign that Kodak had finally accepted that health care-related businesses would be the engine of its future growth , supplanting consumer photography , for decades the bedrock of its profits and its image .
Second , Amazon will promote auctions on the other parts of its retailing site .
Anyone familiar with Microsoft Outlook , the personal information manager that comes with Windows 98 , will be at home with the similar features in Windows CE .
The arrangement will have the same impact on Xerox 's ability to finance equipment leases as the one originally expected , and investors pushed Xerox 's stock up $ 1.04 , to $ 6.98 a share .
''There is a class of goods and services where the eBay transaction model is struggling , '' said Mr. Kazim of Skype .
But Jason Bilodeau , an analyst at UBS Securities in Toronto , pointed to a series of actions that Molson had taken to improve performance in both Brazil and Canada .
Triangle Equities Development Co is preparing to construct three-story retail complex , anchored by Target store on site , at intersection of Flatbush and Nostrand Avenues in Midwood section of Brooklyn ; development , to be called the Junction , is scheduled to in fall of 2006 ; photo ( M )
in supplying technology for the Olympic Games referred incorrectly to the organization that hired the Sema Group , a British-French company , to replace I.B.M .
Forrester says eBay 's second area of vulnerability stems from its growing ''enterprise seller '' program , in which big companies like I.B.M. , Home Depot and others dump excess goods on eBay through auctions .
The latest cuts at Morgan Stanley amount to about 10 percent of its research department , about 5 percent of the employees in its stock sales and trading division , and a small number in its bond department , these people said .
''The branded music player approach has n't worked because of Apple 's considerable iPod marketing and brand power , '' he said .
Mr. Malone could easily increase his News Corporation stake as well .
For example , the new Exxon Mobil will not be able to sell more than 10 percent of its assets in the next two years , even if such sales make the best business sense , without imperiling the accounting treatment .
In a split ruling , the Michigan Supreme Court upheld a lower court decision to dismiss a sexual harassment lawsuit filed against the Ford Motor Company on the grounds that the plaintiff and her lawyers discussed with reporters evidence that the court had deemed inadmissible .
And it has given itself permission to send users e-mail marketing messages on behalf of its own growing family of services , even if those users had previously asked not to receive any marketing from Yahoo .
Gregarious and self-assured , the Austrian-born Mr. Mandl was recruited to AT & T only four years ago , after serving as chairman and chief executive of Sea-Land Service Inc. , a $ 3 billion shipping company .
It adds up to a detailed and convincing portrait , Mr. Klein said , of ''Microsoft 's ability and willingness to do whatever is necessary in using its market power to protect its monopoly . ''
In two letters last month to the Justice Department , a lawyer representing Netscape charged , among other things , that Microsoft had violated its 1994 consent decree with the Government .
In the proposed merger of Global , U S West and Frontier , shareholders would have the option of either of two stocks -- one for Internet assets , the other a dividend-paying traditional telephone offering .
Parmalat Files Another Suit , Naming Bank of America
Apple had earlier said it was delaying the release of the next version of its Mac operating system , called Leopard , because it needed to divert resources to its iPhone project .
Electronic greeting cards are extremely popular on the Internet for reasons that elude me , but Apple 's iCards service is quite clever .
Power Computing had recently announced its intention to become a major seller of so-called Wintel computers , based on the Microsoft Windows operating system and Intel microprocessors , after Apple Computer Inc. decided to stop licensing its Macintosh system to makers of clones .
Verizon said its integration of MCI , which it purchased in January , was ahead of schedule .
After Barnes & Noble 's announcement Friday of its $ 600 million purchase of the country 's leading book wholesaler , the Ingram Book Company , its fierce rival , Amazon.com responded with a short statement that started a duel of news releases .
The increase seemed to suggest that an Interpublic turnaround , which Mr. Roth estimated would be completed by mid-2006 , might still be on track .
Microsoft 's shares fell more than 3 percent in after-hours trading following the announcement , easing to $ 26.82 a share , down from the close of $ 27.74 in regular trading .
In this instance , Mr. Globe said , he and Mr. Spielberg were receptive to the campaign concept when it was presented by Arnell and Progressive in late summer because ''E .
If books come to mind when you think of Amazon.com , think again .
Indonesia said it hoped that Exxon Mobil would resume production at its natural gas fields in the strife-torn province of Aceh by the end of May .
Honeywell is disputing the economic theory that the commission applied when it ruled against the deal .
But DuPont was a chemical company long before it was a life sciences company , and old images die hard on Wall Street .
The SBC-Microsoft alliance underscores the changing nature of how telecommunication services are delivered .
Without wasting time on the parties ' somewhat exaggerated positions , we can simply say that Microsoft is clearly right that the decree does not embody either the entirety of the Sherman Act or even all ''tying '' law under the act , and the department is equally right to point out that the consent decree emerged from antitrust claims , unresolved though they were , so that we must keep procompetitive goals in mind in the interpretive task .
IBM consolidates its worldwide interactive ad account at 6 agencies , down from 60 ; billings estimated at more than $ 40 million ( S )
John Staffen , executive creative director of the Hasbro Games agency , the New York office of Arnold Worldwide , estimated that the budget for the make-believe classified ads was ''a couple of thousand dollars . ''
In the suit , Mr. Hevesi cited recent newspaper and broadcast reports and medical journal articles that raised questions about Merck 's handling of safety issues surrounding Vioxx .
Microsoft is locked in a bitter struggle for control of Internet industry standards with the Netscape Communications Corporation , the Silicon Valley software company that is the leading developer of Internet browsers .
Also , Mr. Orr said , Interpublic is close to hiring a new chief financial officer for McCann ; pointedly , there was no discussion of Mr. Heekin 's involvement , if any , in that decision .
Vornado 's chief executive , Steven Roth , had said that buying Equity Office would make his company the dominant real estate investment trust in the office sector , with a strong portfolio of ''irreplaceable assets '' in the markets where it is hardest for developers to put up new buildings .
The falling price of Zocor will save insurers and patients billions of dollars a year -- and cost Merck a similar amount .
It 's not nice to fool with Mother Citigroup .
New shares would dilute existing ones , and Xerox already has about $ 9 billion in debt coming due in the next three years .
Micron Electronics Inc. , a maker of computer products in Nampa , Idaho , said yesterday that it had named Trahan , Burden & Charles in Baltimore to handle its account , which has been in-house for two years .
Market Place column on Jan 17 Conrail meeting , at which shareholders will cast votes that will determine whether to accept less from CSX Corp in takeover , or to hold on and hope that Norfolk Southern Corp will be able to pay more ; says it appears that neither side is very confident ( L )
A court ruling now under appeal would open access to those banks both for American Express and for the Discover unit of Morgan Stanley .
The work for Microsoft employed 200 Wipro employees in March 2001 ; now it uses more than 5,000 .
''In Truste 's opinion , the investigation confirmed that the technology 'bug ' already acknowledged by Microsoft did transfer hardware ID 's to the Microsoft secure server regardless of whether users chose to send this information or not , '' Truste wrote in a statement posted on its Web site yesterday afternoon .
The company told FedEx in an initial estimate that the dose at the surface was 10 rem per hour .
''My sense is that the major purpose for News Corporation controlling DirecTV is to use it as a tactical weapon against the cable companies to get them to pay up for its proprietary programming , '' said Robert Kaimowitz , chief executive of the investment fund Bull Path Capital Management .
The goal , said Rakesh Sood , an analyst who follows the company for Goldman Sachs , is for consumers to become so familiar with clicking onto Priceline that they turn to the site for competitive prices on goods and services like rental cars and credit card deals .
Exxon and Mobil appear most likely to face challenges over their concentration of gas stations in the Northeast .
Mr. Thoman attributed the poor results to weak sales of mainframes and AS/400 minicomputers , which account for about 75 percent of I.B.M .
He co-founded Microsoft . '' )
''We never got the sense that management was truly committed to making the tough decisions , '' said David A. Katz , a money manager at Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. , which sold its Kodak shares a year ago .
But such big players remain a tiny piece of eBay .
Another drawback : Many hotel companies say they do not provide loyalty program benefits , like credits for room nights , points for dollars spent , or amenities like free breakfast or the use of concierge floors , to program participants who book through Priceline or Hotwire .
The Intel Corporation said today that its fourth-quarter results will be above expectations .
Apple Computer said yesterday that it would raise prices on its popular flat-panel iMac by $ 100 because of cost increases in displays and memory chips .
Compressed Data ; A Few Quirks Exposed In the Microsoft Trial
But the Microsoft case is the result of a sweeping Government antitrust investigation of a high-technology company where E-mail has supplanted the telephone as the most common instrument of communication .
Speaking before a frequently cheering crowd of 3,500 Macintosh faithful at the opening of the twice-yearly Macworld exhibition , Mr. Jobs , Apple 's 47-year-old chairman and co-founder , spent 94 minutes of his 129-minute presentation speaking about Apple software before introducing the two new portable computers .
In acquiring Pioneer , which sells corn , soybean and other seeds , DuPont hopes to develop genetically altered seeds and sell them directly to farmers worldwide in tandem with DuPont 's herbicides and pesticides .
He noted that I.B.M .
Rise in Sales At Amazon Lifts Shares
Committees from Marriott International and Host Marriott discuss possible acquisitions at weekly meetings , and Marriott International manages most of the Host Marriott hotels .
Ms. DeLauro said that Accenture 's global corporate structure allowed the company to dodge federal taxes .
The University of Arkansas announced yesterday that it had received a commitment for a $ 300 million gift from the Walton family , heirs of the founder of the Wal-Mart chain .
Helped by prescient bets on the direction of currency exchange rates before Brazil 's devaluation early last year , earnings at Citigroup 's Brazilian unit surged more than fourfold in 1999 , to $ 430 million .
In addition to the $ 240 million charge for the job reductions , AT & T said yesterday that it would take an additional $ 200 million charge to write down the value of high-speed Internet systems that it acquired in 2001 .
Big Client , Bank of America , Calls Rival Agencies
Advocates of open source computing regard the excessive use of software copyrights and patents by corporations like Microsoft as a restriction on the efficient exchange of ideas among programmers .
Cisco and Microsoft will each take 10 percent equity stakes in the venture .
Yesterday 's announcement appears to preclude any deal between DuPont and Monsanto , coming just weeks after executives close to the companies said the two were considering a giant combination that would join their life sciences and pharmaceutical divisions .
And if former Time Warner shareholders think the merger was a mistake -- and many do -- they 'd be better off bringing their complaints to the office of Richard Parsons , chief executive of AOL Time Warner .
As a result , I.B.M .
Microsoft 's major current competitor in this realm , America Online , has voice features similar to those found in current versions offered by Microsoft , but has yet to announce any plans for an improved and integrated service of the type expected in Windows XP .
He said he thought Boston Scientific would succeed .
AOL declined to comment on Microsoft 's plans or its own .
Pfizer now mainly makes chemical-based pills .
continued to heavily promote the Smartsuite office productivity software , made by I.B.M .
It has now been 16 days since the company 's last attempt to patch , and Microsoft has still not released a new fix .
In January , the Ford Motor Company gave its procurement department oversight over all worldwide nonproduction buying .
In addition to I.B.M. , Sun , Motorola and Lucent , participants include Alcatel , Cable and Wireless , Enron Communications , Ericsson , Network Computer Inc. , Nortel Networks , Oracle , Royal Philips Electronics , Sybase and Toshiba .
He created Fox News in 1996 when CNN , the hegemon of cable news , seemed to reign unchallenged .
''To turn them around would take a lot of energy , '' said Mr. Palmer , who added that McDonald 's was better off selling those restaurants to licensees and using the proceeds to buy back stock or invest in higher return markets like the United States , Spain or Russia .
Fugitive in EBay Fraud Case Is Arrested
Moody 's Investors Service cut the debt ratings of the Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation , the world 's largest telecommunications company , citing growing competition .
An even more important number is the price-earnings multiple the market ultimately decides the combined Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Company is worth .
Washington 's acquisition of the Raytheon unit , Raytheon Engineers and Constructors , for $ 53 million in July , and the company 's assumption of $ 450 million of the unit 's debt , starkly illuminated that danger .
Granted , Microsoft has a long history of taking features that were once the basis of distinct software programs and absorbing them into its operating system .
DELTA HELICOPTER SHUTTLE US Helicopter , which operates helicopter shuttles with 325 flights a week to Kennedy International and Newark airports and Bridgeport , Conn. , is now flying into Delta Air Lines Terminal 3 at Kennedy , rather than American Airlines Terminal 9 .
So today , Xerox is bidding ''The Document Company '' and the broken-armed X a grateful goodbye .
American International Group fired Qorvis on Monday , but not because of the letter , Mr. Norton said .
Intuit , which makes the popular Quicken software , said the acquisition would help it become a leader in the global property management software market .
Microsoft executives offered a cautious outlook for the current quarter , saying it would probably report revenue of $ 7.7 billion to $ 7.8 billion and earnings of 47 cents or 48 cents a share , about in line with analysts ' expectations .
Boston Scientific also said that its offer -- $ 36 a share in cash and the equivalent of $ 36 a share in stock -- would include what is known in the business as a collar , to protect investors should Boston Scientific shares fall and to protect Boston Scientific from paying too much if its own shares jump .
As each new request spilled out of a fax machine in Microsoft 's legal department , a Microsoft lawyer would discuss the request with Mr. Malone .
Oracle said the lawsuit was ''in response to their collective efforts to eliminate PeopleSoft shareholders ' ability to accept Oracle 's tender offer . ''
Procter & Gamble began a national rollout of chips made with the fat substitute olestra yesterday and said the products would be on store shelves nationwide by summer .
Thus Target is emphasizing its large merchandise assortment and ads show brooms , alarm clocks , clothing and housewares .
Bristol-Myers Squibb is already operating under such a deferred- prosecution agreement involving accusations unrelated to the Plavix case .
The Windows Update feature on the Start Menu will also take you to a spot on Microsoft 's site where you can download some types of updated drivers and other software for your system .
In the past , Aetna approved treatment based on what it thought was the least costly approach among scientifically proven procedures .
Barton Biggs , the emerging markets guru at Morgan Stanley asset management , had been issuing positive reports about emerging markets . ''
Editors ' Note : September 19 , 2000 , Tuesday An article in Business Day yesterday reported on the rise of the Fox News Network and its efforts to combat a perception that it advances a conservative political agenda .
Intel is set to announce semiconductor design innovations that it expects will help it double performance of microchips every 18 to 24 months through 2010 , extending trend known as Moore 's law ; says innovations will put it on course to be able to mass-produce microchips with a billion transitors -- 25 times as many as today 's Pentium IV chips -- as early as 2007 ( M )
When Mr. Icahn unveiled his ambitions at Time Warner last month , his group called for the company to buy back $ 20 billion worth of its weakly performing shares and to fully separate its cable business from the rest of the company 's media assets .
The acquisition , he said , would extend I.B.M .
Citigroup 's investment bank has been affected by the bear market and findings released by prosecutors and regulators that show that its bankers pressed its research analysts to write favorable reports of Citigroup clients .
In interviews here last week , Apple executives said the company would soon announce a new generation of Macintosh computers that would compete more effectively on price and performance with the low-cost Wintel boxes .
But several other people involved in the deal said that Yahoo so misplayed its negotiating hand with Headhunter 's board that the company was ultimately sold to CareerBuilder , a rival backed by the Tribune Company and Knight Ridder , for $ 200 million , less than Yahoo 's best offer .
Mr. Sonnenborn said that every initial investor in three derivatives transactions managed by Morgan Stanley and critiqued by Mr. Partnoy ''had made money . ''
Xerox 's extensive job cuts -- it eliminated 31,500 jobs in the last three years -- are in the past , and Xerox executives say the aura of doom and despair that pervaded its corporate halls has dissipated .
The day after he was named the Ford Motor Company 's new chief executive , Alan R. Mulally walked onto a stage with his boss , William Clay Ford Jr. , before hundreds of applauding Ford employees , with thousands more watching via the company 's Web site and closed-circuit television .
But if Apple kills the clone market , the developers walk away .
''This has got to be chilling to you as the federal government and Microsoft , '' said Andrew Gavil , an antitrust professor at Howard University who has followed the case closely .
Mr. Allaire also promised to expand Xerox 's growing services business .
Cornered at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , last Thursday by a reporter for Reuters , Mr. Sarin would say only this : ''We have a partnership with Verizon Wireless .
IBM reports second-quarter earnings higher than expected by analysts ; earnings rose 7.4 percent , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.3 billion in year-earlier quarter ; revenue was $ 18.8 billion , slightly less than 4 percent above last year 's $ 18.2 billion ; table ( L )
Cisco Systems takes over $ 3 billion in one-time charges in third fiscal quarter ended Apr 30 , posting its first net loss ever ; reports earnings per share , before charges , of 3 cents , down from 13 cents in year-earlier period ; warns revenues will be flat , or fall 10 percent during current quarter ; chief executive John Chambers says company expects to resume annual growth rate of 30 to 50 percent over next three to five years ( M )
The companies said that Intel would make a ''significant '' investment in Clearwire , which has begun building long-range wireless data networks around the world .
Marsh & McLennan is removing five company executives who have been serving on 16-member board ; appoints Peter J Beshar as general counsel , succeeding William L Rosoff , who reportedly angered Atty Gen Eliot Spitzer of New York by minimizing improprieties at company ; creation of board composed entirely of outside directors , except for Marsh 's new chief executive , Michael G Cherkasky , is another step in corporate overhaul aimed at reaching settlement on fraud charges with regulators ; Marsh says it will not be able to pay its dividend to shareholders in first quarter of 2005 ; five executives giving up board seats will remain at their posts within company ( M )
Procter & Gamble said despite record unit sales volume worldwide , its sales for the quarter slipped to $ 8.9 billion from $ 9.03 billion , primarily because of the strong dollar compared with other currencies .
Mr. Liu has developed a policy for juggling the hand grenades that the news occasionally presents .
THE MARKETS : Market Place ; Morgan Stanley Fined Over Fund Sales Incentives
Microsoft to Allow Partners To Alter Some Source Code
''There will naturally be culture clashes if they try to move these cultures together , '' said Neil Young , the executive in charge of production at Electronic Arts .
Holly B Becker , one of Wall Street 's most powerful Internet stock analysts , and her husband Michael J Zimmerman have been notified by securities regulators that they may face enforcement action over possible insider trading based on research at Becker 's firm Lehman Brothers ; inquiry centers on whether information from Lehman Brothers was made available to Zimmerman , stock trader at SAC Capital Advisors , hedge fund with offices in Connecticut and New York ; Becker has not published any research since June ; Amazon.com , online retailer , is one of stocks whose research and trading have aroused interest ; regulators are examining trades by SAC Capital in Amazon shares in June and July 2000 ; regulators have looked at trading in days leading up to release of negative Amazon report written by Ravi Suria , then convertible-securities analyst at Lehman ; Suria 's report questioned viability of Amazon and was made public after market closed on June 22 , 2000 ; Amazon 's shares tumbled 19 percent next day on heavy trading ; photo ( M )
A few , including General Motors , 3M , Honeywell International , Continental Airlines , Delphi , Maytag , Duke Energy , Boeing and ITT Industries , have even put in more than the legal minimum in recent months , reducing or wiping out their deficits .
The possibility that Apple will reverse its clone strategy comes at a defining moment in the market , as clone makers start preparing machines based on the CHRP specification .
Take this traveler , whose behavior in the post-Sept. 11 era would no doubt cause executives at Boeing , Airbus and Tenzing to wince :
Procter & Gamble Gets Approval for Clairol Deal
The rating activated clauses in Xerox 's debt agreements that could have forced it to buy back or refinance $ 425 million in debt .
Boeing bought McDonnell Douglas last year .
* Mark Wilmot was named to the new post of client management director for the Burger King account at the Interpublic Group of Companies , New York .
Morgan Stanley said Monday morning that Stephen S. Roach , the bank 's chief economist , would move to Hong Kong from New York and become the chairman of its Asia operations , in the latest sign of Asia 's growing economic and financial importance .
Although Microsoft designs and markets peripheral devices , like mice and keyboards , it has recently expanded into the computer game console industry with its new Xbox .
Striking back in what could turn into a lengthy legal battle , the Intel Corporation filed a counterclaim against the Digital Equipment Corporation yesterday , accusing the company of violating 14 Intel patents that appear to affect virtually every aspect of Digital 's business .
Considerable challenges , however , loom for Fiat this year , including pessimism about the European auto sales outlook , an expected glut of new models from strong competitors , like Volkswagen , and the future of Fiat 's alliance with General Motors , which owns 20 percent of Fiat Auto .
Momentum Worldwide in New York , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies , agreed to acquire Huvane Baum Halls , an entertainment public relations agency , which will be merged with PMK , a big entertainment public relations agency that Momentum acquired two years ago .
Amid the uproar over the conflicts of interest at traditional brokerage firms , the Charles Schwab Corporation has begun rating stocks as part of its gradual move toward advising investors .
I also used Explorer 5.0 and the Windows Media Player to listen to old radio dramas -- the kind where , in our imaginations , the villains neither sounded nor looked anything like Bill Gates , Microsoft 's co-founder and principal owner .
General Motors executives said here today that they expected to reverse the long decline in the company 's share of the American market while expanding G.M .
Microsoft Corp decision to pay $ 425 million for WebTV Networks Inc , maker of set-top boxes that bring Internet to television sets , reflects calculated bet on making money from mass-market television audience as television becomes digital ( S )
ONE of the most peripatetic creative executives in automotive advertising , Gary Topolewski , is on the move again , poached unexpectedly by the agency that produces campaigns for the Chrysler Group from an agency that works for General Motors .
For the quarter , which ended June 30 , Time Warner earned $ 101 million , compared with $ 30 million in the comparable period a year earlier .
Centrino systems typically include an Intel Pentium M processor and built-in wireless connectivity .
Exxon 's first-quarter taxes in the United States amounted to $ 3.7 billion .
Bombardier expects to decide by early 2005 whether to add family of passenger jets to directly compete with Boeing Co and Airbus Industrie ( M )
Mr. Kamman said Cisco was taking market share from its competitors in several businesses each quarter , and that those successes were adding up .
''Microsoft has hired vendors whose whole reason for being is to transfer work offshore , '' said Marcus Courtney , president of WashTech , an affiliate of the Communications Workers of America .
Microsoft has promoted itself as a technical leader in the emerging realm of electronic commerce , for example , but the company acknowledged last week that it had trouble sending out monthly bills to its 1.6 million MSN customers .
To prevent Metro 7 from encountering that fate , Wal-Mart will have a broad advertising campaign including local newspapers and national magazines , Mr. Fleming said .
By affirming Wall Street 's estimates , industry analysts said , Cisco may be trying to reassure investors , particularly as the company faces increasing competition and the possibility of declining prices for routers and other pieces of Internet equipment .
Boeing decided to go ahead with the new aircraft , despite the size of the single order -- it was half the number that companies typically have had in hand when they begin production , said Robert W. Mann Jr. , an aviation consultant based in Port Washington , N.Y .
Mr. Forgeard dismissed the notion that there was any collusion with Boeing and insisted that strong competition would continue even when the two have roughly equal market share .
As part of his duties , Mr. Brown , 46 , will take over some responsibilities formerly held by Ronald G. Garriques , the longtime head of Motorola 's mobile devices division , who joined the computer maker Dell in February after Motorola 's phone lineup began to falter .
That is because Nynex 's home territory , which covers New York and New England , has already been opened to competition from new rivals like AT & T , Time Warner and Metropolitan Fiber Systems .
executives said they would recruit from other I.B.M .
While those sums may seem puny by the standards of other major corporations -- AT & T has given $ 1.1 million in the current election cycle -- Microsoft is spending a lot more than its biggest rivals .
Kodak Said to Be Seeking Creo for $ 1 Billion
Capital One Financial names McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising as creative agency of record on its account ; account had been held by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ( S )
Nintendo of America , which is also based in Redmond , moved quickly to submit a development agreement with the city this spring to build 550,000 square feet on 27 acres adjacent to Microsoft on the north .
''There 's a real advantage for a Motorola or Intel to do this because as technology products become more complex , it brings a kind of seal of approval ; it says that the product has a special ingredient inside . ''
Amazon.com lost its president , missed its revenue projections and saw its stock plummet amid doubts about its ability to branch into new markets .
Time Warner Inc is moving rapidly to reorganize unwieldy film operation it inherited when it acquired Turner Broadcasting System ; Time Warner says it will fold Turner Pictures into Warner Brothers , possibly reducing operations staff ; it is also proceeding with plans to sell New Line Cinema , which Turner acquired in 1993 ; Time Warner has not decided what to do about Castle Rock Entertainment , another troubled company it acquired from Turner ( M )
But Microsoft is likely to contend that it represents a serious overture that could fundamentally alter its relationship with personal computer makers , which are the key distributors of Microsoft software .
Last year Cisco , along with Qualcomm and Genentech , proposed an alternative valuation method intended to slash the value of options that the companies argued was simpler and more accurate .
Analysts raised their estimate for Intel 's 1999 earnings to $ 4.16 a share from $ 3.92 a share .
A Different Light provided copies of its original ad and A.T. & T .
He noted that many banks offered both Visa and American Express traveler 's checks and linked their automated teller machines to networks operated by both companies .
I.B.M .
American Express , based in New York , attributed much of its gains to the lure of its rewards programs , which keep cardholders charging and retailers paying transaction fees .
Microsoft wanted to transform his two anthropomorphized aardvark siblings , Arthur and D.W. , into microchip-laden plush dolls that could interact with computers and televisions .
Goldman Sachs reports 23 percent increase in earnings for fourth quarter ; earned $ 4.6 billion on $ 20.6 billion in net revenue , compared with earnings of $ 3 billion on $ 16 billion in revenues in fiscal 2003 ; earnings rose 52 percent for fiscal year ended Nov 26 ; chairman-chief executive Henry M Paulson comments ; photo ( M )
Today , PNC is riding high .
When the two companies were negotiating a new contract recently , Mr. Jobs pushed for price discounts that I.B.M .
Kodak , which recently appointed Durk I. Jager , the president of Procter & Gamble , the marketing titan , to its board , is clearly taking tips from the consumer marketing world .
The Navy awarded one of the Pentagon 's biggest military contracts of the year to the Boeing Company yesterday by instructing it to replace a fleet of submarine-hunting airplanes from the Lockheed Martin Corporation at a potential cost of $ 23 billion .
The agency had hoped the two accounts would not be considered a conflict , but executives at the Verizon parent decided otherwise .
At the very least , they say , Merck should have adopted much stronger warning language on its label and used less aggressive advertising to consumers .
Some said Norfolk Southern could emerge as the real winner .
Andrew Walton , a spokesman for the company , confirmed that Morgan Stanley was leasing 447,000 square feet of space in the building , making it the bank 's second-largest office in New York City .
Mr. Karaoglan is recommending that investors buy Marsh & McLennan stock -- but partly , he said , because he thinks the chances of the company 's being taken over are increasing .
Mr. Seeger also chastised Merck and its lawyers for attacking the credibility of his client , Mr. Humeston .
Dell Computer Co leads computer industry switch from Intel 's older processors to its Pentium II line , offering only new chip it Dimension personal computers ( S )
Coca-Cola Co overhauls marketing and advertising for its lagging flagship brand Coca-Cola Classic ; theme of new campaign is 'Coca-Cola ... Real ' ; executives at Coca-Cola and its ad agencies , McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising and Berlin Cameron/Red Cell , say campaign aims to link brand with notion of authenticity and genuine moments in people 's lives ; photo ( M )
TAP Pharmaceutical Products , joint venture of Abbott Laboratories and Takeda Chemical Industries , agrees to pay $ 875 million to settle criminal and civil charges that it illegally manipulated Medicare and Medicaid programs ; prosecutors contend that sales representatives for TAP gave doctors free samples of Lupron , drug used to treat prostate cancer and infertility , and then helped them get government reimbursements at hundreds of dollars for each dose ; also indicted six current and former employees of TAP , including Alan MacKenzie , now president of Takeda Pharmaceuticals North America , charging them with conspiracy to pay kickpacks to doctors if they prescribed Lupron ; Bristol-Myers Squibb and Schering-Plough have said they are being investigated by same prosecutors in Boston involved in TAP settlement ; those investigations also involve questions about how companies marketed and priced drugs covered by Medicare ; both companies say they have done nothing wrong ( M )
But reflecting the turmoil that has recently roiled Coca-Cola , the company had to amend the list of assignments at least three times when discrepancies were pointed out .
In its joint statement Vivendi and Comcast said , ''they intend to explore an alliance involving both parties ' cable channels and Vivendi 's worldwide content with the goal of creating new channels and services . ''
Earnings for its first fiscal quarter will fall significantly below the 58 cents a share that FedEx reported in the period a year earlier , the company said .
Mr. Norris also detailed the steadily higher prices I.B.M .
''We held focus groups all over the country to better understand the Molson brands , '' said Jeff Kellar , senior brand manager for the Molson Breweries U.S.A. unit of Miller in Milwaukee , owned by the Philip Morris Companies , ''and it was pretty amazing how high the McKenzie brothers were in awareness , even though they were n't on the air . ''
The fraction will be determined by dividing $ 52 by the average closing price for Northrop Grumman common stock during a 30-day period before mailing the proxy statement for the acquisition .
Not known for being awed by the intelligence of others , Mr. Gates included an aside about Mr. Grove : ''Although Andy is super-smart in software-related areas and in some aspects of the PC market , it is amazing what he does n't know . ''
Right now , the market is CBS Radio 's streaming programming , but Mr. Perlson of TargetSpot said he hoped to sign up more broadcasters .
In addition , the World Group unit of Interpublic is merging two of its units -- the Chicago office of the Bozell Group and Campbell Mithun in Minneapolis , to form one agency under the Campbell Mithun name with billings estimated at $ 140 million .
Symantec , with partners IBM and Intel , and Network Associates are completing work on new automated systems to aid in speedy detection , analysis and defusing of computer viruses ; new technology , being developed as part of broader automated security programs , relies on central computer that simulates virus 's environment and responds like human immune system ( M )
Web-based e-mail services like Yahoo , Hotmail , Gmail and America Online filter e-mail at both the server level ( their own computers , based on overall spam patterns ) and the user level ( permitting you to fine-tune ) .
In an E-mail to company executives on April 10 , 1995 , William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , wrote , ''We are looking at the Internet destroying our position as the setter of standards , '' adding that it was ''taking away our power every day . ''
Boston Scientific 's offer represents about a 12 percent premium over Johnson & Johnson 's offer , based on the closing price of Johnson & Johnson 's shares on Friday .
Each appeared at first glance to be one of the company 's official sites , but visitors who clicked on various links on those pages were diverted to others that accused Citigroup of profiting from projects that damaged the environment .
''The restatements wo n't change cash flow , and that 's what people focused on , '' said Jack L. Kelly of Goldman , Sachs , who has a neutral rating on Xerox stock .
Yahoo had just 11.8 million users .
When we applied , Starbucks was not so interested in coming to Russia . ''
Analysts expect Microsoft to sell its songs for something close to Apple 's 99 cents .
Homer Simpson , man-child patriarch of animated Fox program The Simpsons , is to receive much-needed brain upgrade in unusual commercial for Intel Corp ; in 30-second spot , created by Euro RSCG DSW Partners , Simpson undergoes operation to replace his famous inferior brain with Intel Pentium II processor ( S )
Xerox said that when it filed such a registration statement it would ''resume its discussions '' with the S.E.C .
General Motors Corp will extend its Keep America Rolling incentive package and continue to offer interest-free financing through Jan 2 , but new phase of plan will be less generous than current one and will not include Cadillacs , Corvettes and some Saturn vehicles ( M )
It has looked at a number of acquisitions or partnerships , but time and time again , current and former executives said , it could not justify big deals in large part because of the strict General Electric accounting procedures , which were devised to protect earnings growth .
Three days after Riggs National filed lawsuit against PNC Financial Services Group for failing to complete merger , banks announce that they resolved their differences and plan to merge as soon as possible ; revised deal calls for PNC to pay about $ 652 million to acquire Riggs ; PNC originally offered $ 779 million Riggs withdraws its suit ( M )
But as Mr. Knickerbocker discovered this week , navigating Costco 's fine-art offerings can be a tricky business .
Entergy Corp , citing growing concern about global warming , says it plans to cap emissions of carbon dioxide over next five years ; decision comes weeks after Pres Bush reversed campaign pledge to regulate carbon dioxide emissions of power plants ; opponents of emission controls argue that cost would damage industry and economy ( M )
CBS Cuts Redstone 's Salary and Bonus
But the big payoff -- if there is one -- would come from spreading the well-spread Nike gospel into still more retail outlets internationally , to sell more Air Jordans or red Tiger Woods golf shirts in South America .
Technology Briefing | Software : Oracle Chief Warns On Outlook
Burnett could not work for Starbucks because it creates campaigns for McDonald 's , one of the country 's largest coffee retailers .
Now , with a low-priced computer , Apple hopes to persuade more users to switch to the Macintosh from PC 's operating on Microsoft Windows , and in turn raise its share of the overall market from its current 3 percent .
But recently Cisco 's quarterly revenue growth has fallen below its customary 10 percent .
Michael T. Duke , chief of the company 's stores division , said , ''Wal-Mart is a very good place to work for our associates , and every day we make it even better . ''
Unlike its rivals , Xerox has had to perform triage on its growth strategy .
Bernard Sosnick , an analyst at Oppenheimer & Company , said Wal-Mart 's emphasis on fashionable apparel and higher-price home furnishings is finally giving the trendier Target a true rival in the battle over style-conscious shoppers .
By making goods cheap and available , Wal-Mart has raised the standard of living of average Americans .
Microsoft representatives bought a Toshiba laptop computer at a local store .
ABC television network goes dark on Time Warner Cable systems in New York , Philadelphia and Raleigh-Durham after talks between parent Walt Disney Co and cable operator , allowing Time Warner to continue carrying ABC stations , break down ; both sides blame each other ; dispute began in 1999 after Disney requested several concessions from Time Warner in return for allowing cable operator to continue carrying seven of its ABC stations ; demanded that Time Warner not only feature its new Toon Disney and Soap Channel , but also make it part of basic service packages with payment of $ 300 million ; Time Warner agreed to carry channels , but balked at payment Disney is seeking ; blackout could ultimately effect 3.5 million Time Warner subscribers in major markets nationwide ( M )
Still , Mr. Svoik believes that many average people here have come to resent Chevron and other foreign oil companies , a factor that may one day turn into a liability for both Chevron and the government .
Instead of shocking the system , the Bank of America deal accelerated that effort .
''I do n't believe the management of Merrill Lynch or Goldman Sachs woke up this morning and said , 'Gee , this is great , ' '' said Michael Holland , president of the money-management firm Holland & Company , referring to Credit Suisse 's proposed $ 12.8 billion purchase of Donaldson , which was officially announced yesterday .
''Woolworth was 100 years ago what Wal-Mart is today , '' said Robert Sobel , a professor of business history at Hofstra University .
This would allow Boeing to keep the deal 's debt off its balance sheet , protecting its credit rating .
The investigation began after a complaint from Pepsi , Coca-Cola 's chief rival .
Favoritism that Darleen A Druyun showed toward Boeing Co when she was No .
Standard & Poor 's Ratings Services cut its rating on General Motors ' debt two more notches into junk status on Monday , putting the automaker at the lowest level in the 52 years that S. & P. has been assessing its creditworthiness .
That success reflects an evolution in Microsoft 's corporate culture and the way it must compete in the future , especially in newer markets where the company is not dominant .
The other main element of Circuit City 's plan to fight Wal-Mart is to take more direct control over low-priced merchandise .
Bristol-Myers Squibb names Kaplan Thaler Group to handle advertising for its newly acquired Aussie hair care products ( S )
Evidence produced in lawsuits against Merck has shown that company scientists repeatedly discussed Vioxx 's potential dangers as early as 1997 .
In addition , the documents show how the Air Force relied on Boeing to provide it with arguments that could play well with influential members of Congress as well as in the White House and with the news media .
It accepts only MP3 files and WMA files ( of the sort that you buy from online stores , not including Apple 's iTunes store ) .
The leaders of Citigroup tried to take the earnings slump in stride .
Nevertheless , he recently added Time Warner to his list of recommended stocks , saying it could rise to $ 50 a share from its current $ 37.125 within 18 months .
Microsoft 's lawyers examined all the documents before they were sent off .
On April 2 , one rating service , Fitch Ratings , upgraded its outlook for Interpublic 's debt rating to stable from negative , citing an expectation that the turnaround efforts had started to steady operating earnings and cash-flow generation .
''The PC business is just not that important anymore to I.B.M .
''The court should not give the benefit of the uncertainty to Microsoft , '' Mr. Rubinfeld said .
''It 's no longer just Kodak against Fuji and Agfa , or Xerox against Hewlett-Packard , '' said Andrew Johnson , who follows digital photography for the research firm Gartner .
Bank of America Corp says Thomas Bunn , one of its top lending executives , has left company ; Bunn headed leveraged lending ; his unexpected departure reportedly reflects decision by company to merge its investment-grade and below-investment-grade lending operations under William Hodges ; Bunn has worked at Bank of America and its predecessors for 23 years ; he is credited with building bank 's leveraged finance busineess ( M )
The arrival of Macy 's , they say , wiped out a landmark store founded by a retail giant who was also a benefactor to many of the city 's cultural and educational institutions .
In the last quarter , Amazon introduced a sporting goods department , with merchandise from a group of retailers .
An apologetic message appears on the screen saying that Microsoft is working to add access for Netscape users .
News Corp .
The majority of the goods on eBay , he said , still fall under the category of ''hard to find . ''
Citigroup 's asset management business has $ 460 billion under management and its profits are 1 percent of the company 's bottom line .
''We have test accounts set up on Hotmail and Yahoo and we send e-mail to them to see if it gets marked as junk mail , '' said Michael Ahern , the president of GiftCertificates.com .
Under today 's deal , Montreal 's mayor , Pierre Bourque , announced that the city was cutting the tax bill on the 5-year-old Molson Center by 38 percent , to $ 4.6 million .
Of course , the product dovetails with image scanning , which Kodak dominates , and Kodak could buy other strong software companies .
Editors ' Note : November 10 , 2006 , Friday An article in Business Day on Tuesday described a decision by Microsoft to offer movies and episodes of television shows for downloading through its Xbox Live online service in the United States .
But he said deployment of Internet-based sales operations had boomed and that Oracle had a 93 percent market share of this business .
Bristol-Myers Squibb in New York said yesterday that it would consolidate and realign the agency assignments for its Clairol and Mead Johnson Nutritionals consumer brands at agencies of the B Com3 Group and True North Communications .
The AT & T Corporation -- which officially changed its name yesterday from the American Telephone and Telegraph Company -- reported first-quarter profits of $ 1.09 billion , or 80 cents a share .
In a deal that could be worth billions of dollars over the next several years , China agreed yesterday to discuss buying a wide range of equipment from A.T. & T. , including switching and transmission systems , cellular telephones , and business phones and computer networks .
For AT & T , the deal represents the company 's first foray into television in its 111-year history , and its first strategic move since it announced plans last year to split itself into three separate companies : communications services , equipment manufacturing and computers .
Microsoft Corp reports net income of $ 66 million in quarter ended June 30 ; revenue increased 13 percent , to $ 6.58 billion , while operating income rose 8 percent , to $ 2.75 billion ; chief financial officer John Connors says company expects personal computer business to worsen further in current quarter ( M )
In August , a jury in Angleton , Tex. , found Merck liable in the first Vioxx case to go to trial , and awarded $ 253 million to Carol Ernst , the widow of a man who died of an irregular heartbeat in 2001 after taking Vioxx for seven months .
That summer , Mr. Sullivan said , he and Mr. Ebbers were in merger talks with their counterparts at Verizon Communications .
I.B.M .
Because the companies had given the agency until next week to decide , government lawyers have been preparing a lawsuit to block the deal unless the companies agreed to a detailed settlement that would permit a small number of rivals to have nondiscriminatory access to Time Warner 's cable system .
Recently , on a flight from Fort Worth , I scarfed down McDonald 's while standing at the gate ; I also had a box of Chips Ahoy , Twix bars , trail mix , M & M 's , two other bags of candy and Dasani water .
Airline tickets were the first merchandise Priceline sold when it began operations in April 1998 .
For Mr. Scorsese , I.B.M .
Liberty Media Corp , controlled by John C Malone , begins to accelerate planned swap of nonvoting shares in News Corp , which is controlled by Rupert Murdoch , for voting shares in company ; outsider owning significant stake in News Corp has been considered potential threat to Murdoch 's plan to turn it over to his sons Lachlan and James , who work with their father ( M )
Most of the job cuts , these executives said , would be in the United States , where I.B.M .
Robert J. Bach , a Microsoft senior vice president in charge of its games division said the company was planning a service that he compared to Disneyland for its safe , wholesome environment -- in contrast to the ''Coney Island '' he said that the open Internet can sometimes become .
But taken in context , Mr. Murray said , Mr. Allchin was writing an appeal to instruct Microsoft executives to stop ''trash talking . ''
Ms. Williams of Wal-Mart said a public relations assistant screened the questions and Mr. Scott dictated responses to an aide .
Although the process went smoothly with the two Microsoft mice I tried , I can always think of better ways to spend my time than plowing through yet another Windows set-up wizard session -- something really exciting like dealing with those piles of paper .
Priceline.com continues its downward slide , laying off 87 employees , or 16 percent of its work force , as it discloses plunge in airline ticket sales in October and resignation of its chief financial officer , Heidi G Miller ; company says revenue for third quarter was $ 341 million , up from $ 152 million for period last year ; including all charges , company lost $ 199 million in quarter ; Priceline says it will take $ 9 million charge for cutting strike price on warrants that Delta Air Lines holds on its shares ; change could result in bonanza for Delta if Priceline stock rises even a few dollars ( M )
With the BellSouth merger , AT & T became the sole owner of Cingular Wireless , and two weeks ago the company said it was dropping the Cingular brand in favor of the AT & T name .
Microsoft Corp is set to unveil its online music store on MSN , hoping to dominate market that Apple Computer has pioneered with its iTunes online music store ; opening will coincide with release of new version of Windows Media , software that allows consumers to play movies , songs and other content on variety of devices running Windows operating system , and comes at time when MSN is beginning to show consistent profitability ; market for online music is expected to grow to 12 percent of domestic market in five years from less than 2 percent of all music sales today ; market is so fragmented that MSN 's eight million subscribers could quickly allow Microsoft to displace RelaNetworks from No .
The new company , as yet unnamed , will market its products under Kodak 's name .
But , the Reader 's ubiquity by no means ensures that Adobe can turn that success to its advantage for products like Adobe Acrobat , the software that businesses and individuals use to create PDF documents , like personnel forms and corporate annual reports .
Acquisitions Lift Earnings 47 % at I.B.M .
In its statement yesterday , I.B.M .
The flavor of synergy of which AT & T was so enamored mainly meant combining computers and phone networks .
Heading off what could have been a protracted battle for a new generation of Internet ''viewers , '' the Microsoft Corporation and Pointcast Inc. announced a broad alliance yesterday in the fast-growing area known as Internet broadcasting .
''We 're getting our buyers from people who are considering buying Hondas and Toyotas , not General Motors products , '' he said .
Aon , the world 's second-largest insurance broker , had a particularly bad day yesterday .
Verizon to Issue New Shares
''Given that Interpublic paid minimal bonuses in 2001 and none in 2002 , the 2003 payments were appropriate , '' the statement continued , ''and represent both an investment in our future success and an indication of our recent progress . ''
Con Edison 's stock price gained nearly 12 percent last year over the previous year , but the company also confronted some problems , including the shutdown of the Indian Point 2 nuclear reactor for 11 months because of a small radioactive leak .
PMK/HBH became part of another Interpublic unit , Interpublic Sports and Entertainment , which was subsequently dissolved .
In a statement , CBS said it ''fully recognizes the controversial nature '' of the format change .
Howie Waterman , a spokesman for Verizon Wireless in the Northeast , declined to say whether the company would expand the campaign to other regions , or whether radio or television would be used .
As a market test , Ralph Nader 's Consumer Project on Technology recently tried to order a personal computer from a dozen companies without Microsoft 's Windows as the operating system .
His reference was to operational and executive shifts at Kodak , aimed at improving its performance in crucial fields like cameras and film .
chose to stiffen the rules against slamming , '' said Herb Linnen , a spokesman for the AT & T Corporation .
Members of brash , ultra-competitive class of 1994 at University of Southern California 's graduate movie-producing program are suddenly surging toward positions of industry power ; seem to embody soul of new corporate Hollywood , with its strong stress on commerce over art ; photos ( M )
''They would love to see Vodafone get out of the deal , '' Michael Grossi , an analyst with Adventis , a consulting firm , said , noting that Verizon still needs to debate decisions with Vodafone .
Compared with the Newton , which was delivered prematurely in 1993 to a market not yet ready for such products , Apple 's new device would reach a field in which other companies have already plowed the ground -- including giants like Microsoft , Nokia and Motorola , as well as start-ups like Handspring and Danger .
Six former top officials at the Xerox Corporation agreed yesterday to pay more than $ 22 million to settle accusations by securities regulators that they participated in a large accounting fraud that allowed the company to overstate its profits by $ 1.4 billion over four years .
Under the agreement , which lifted Peregrine shares 5.9 percent , to $ 28.96 , I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Kmart Still Has Martha Stewart , But Wal-Mart Has Its Mainstays
Union officials accused Verizon Wireless of being petty .
Later this month , Cathay Pacific , the airline based in Hong Kong , will offer e-mail service on 40 planes using technology developed by Tenzing Communications , a small company based in Seattle that is partly owned by Airbus , Boeing 's rival .
Incidentally , there was a tiny snippet of good news in the American Express survey .
Options Exercised By AT & T Officials
But when asked to comment about his personal role in battling AT & T , Mr. Cohen insists that the story is not about him .
A day after the Ford Motor Company singled out a factory here that makes Firestone tires as the main source of a problem that led to the recall of more than 6.5 million tires last week , workers and union officials said today that they were not to blame for the faulty tires .
I.B.M .
Intel fell $ 6.75 , closing at $ 152.375 in Nasdaq trading of more than 19 million shares yesterday , while Digital rose $ 2.25 , to close at $ 35.375 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The chief financial officer of Qwest , Oren G. Shaffer , said that the failure of MCI 's board to communicate why it chose the Verizon offer over a higher offer from Qwest had forced Qwest into a position of guessing how to make its bid competitive .
Moving to gain a foothold in the United States , Global Crossing Ltd. of Bermuda , a new international communications carrier , said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Frontier Corporation for $ 10.8 billion in stock .
The deal ''shows Coca-Cola 's tremendous focus on stepping up their competitiveness in emerging markets and those , like Venezuela , where Pepsi leads , '' said Andrew J. Conway , a beverage analyst for Morgan Stanley & Company .
Aetna to Allow Outside Reviews of Care Denials
Microsoft would not say yesterday who would supply the chip , and there have been reports that Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , the second-largest microprocessor maker for PC 's , was the front-runner .
Indeed , after the reorganization , Mr. Murdoch , 73 , and his family members will continue to effectively control the News Corporation through their ownership of nearly 30 percent of the voting shares .
Crixivan , Merck 's recently introduced AIDS treatment , had $ 100 million of sales .
Microsoft , Intel , Compaq Computer and Gateway plan to join with the Bell local phone companies and GTE to announce their allied effort this morning in Washington , according to executives involved in the group .
But Dennis Leibowitz , who follows the media for Credit Suisse First Boston , pointed out that if Time Warner was now reducing its cash-flow projections for the current year , a 30 percent gain next year would represent a lower hurdle for the company .
Kim Ross , a vice president of the Texas Medical Association , said Aetna had made ''a significant shift , for complex reasons that I am sure were associated with their stock price . ''
For Web site partners , the hoped-for surge in viewing traffic as a result of being featured on Microsoft 's desktop never occurred .
''One-third of the world 's population still has no access to electricity , '' said Mr. Parker at Caterpillar .
Intel Corp says it earned $ 3.14 billion in second quarter ended June 30 , up almost 80 percent from $ 1.75 billion in year-earlier period ; revenue rose 23 percent , to $ 8.30 billion , from just under $ 6.75 billion ( M )
Mr. Koogle will remain on the Yahoo board .
Microsoft 's appeal to the court to dismiss the findings of Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson of Federal District Court in the District of Columbia had been widely viewed as a long shot .
The business prospects of Motorola , the 78-year-old technology company , suddenly look as thin as the Razr , its popular mobile phone .
Microsoft , a veteran defendant of epic antitrust battles in the United States and Europe , is urging regulators to consider scuttling Google 's plan to buy DoubleClick , an online advertising company .
Cable television industry begins to deliver reliable and economical video-on-demand services ; Time Warner Cable announces that films , TV series and special programs will be available to New York City subscribers on demand by end of 2002 ; major cable providers anticipate large revenues from video-on-demand 's individualized programming capability ; photos ( M )
IBM says profit rose 22 percent in latest quarter , exceeding analysts ' expectations ; after-tax profit was $ 525 million ; revenue was $ 21.5 billion , about $ 200 million less than analysts had projected ; chief executive Samuel J Palmisano comments ( M )
While making the Netscape deal , Mr. Case said , America Online ought to give Microsoft ''a bearhug . ''
Unfavorable foreign exchange rates attributable to a strong dollar , though , took a bite of about $ 800 million out of the company 's revenues and cost I.B.M .
Pfizer Inc acquires Warner-Lambert Co for $ 90.27 billion in stock ; combined company , which will be called Pfizer , becomes second-largest drug company in world ; but because Pfizer also becomes fastest growing pharmaceutical company , it is expected to overtake Glaxo-Smith-Kline , British giant being created by Glaxo Wellcome and SmithKline Beecham ; Warner-Lambert 's chairman Lodewijk J R de Vink will step down when companies combine ; William Steere Jr will remain Pfizer 's chairman and chief executive ; combined company will have 7,500 people working sales and 12,000 in research ; merger leaves American Home Products , spurned suitor of Warner-Lambert , with $ 1.8 billion fee for ending proposed merger ( M )
Some shareholders complained that I.B.M .
Apple 's system can be slow with a dial-up modem , and it 's a little annoying that no search by artist name produces more than 100 results ( a tactic to prevent sluggishness , Apple says ; if you want that 101st Carly Simon song , you have to search for it by name ) .
The Ford Motor Company lifted the veil shrouding the severance agreement with its former chief executive , Jacques A. Nasser , yesterday , but only slightly .
THE planned bulk purchase of airline seats between the United States and London may be only the first in a series of such deals by American Express .
T. Paul Thomas , the president and chief executive of TurboLinux , which makes a version of the Linux operating system that competes with Microsoft 's Windows , agreed some change is already under way because Linux ''still is the fastest-growing operating system . ''
The campaign , carrying the theme ''Give a kid a hand , '' was created by Barry Day , director for creative development at the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York and worldwide creative director for the international ad group , which has 4,700 members involved with advertising or the media in 92 countries .
On Oct. 1 , the two companies , GlaxoSmithKline and Bristol-Myers Squibb , cut back on discounts that they had promised to low-income people after becoming concerned that federal officials would demand the same discounts for the government 's Medicaid program , which provides health care for the poor .
And Xerox negotiated with its banks so that it had to pay out only $ 25 million to satisfy obligations for refinancing its accounts receivables , rather than the $ 315 million analysts had expected .
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has decided not to sell an emergency contraceptive approved last year for sale in the United States and widely available in drugstores nationwide .
Web Concession From Microsoft
Diet Coke ties in with a franchise Coca-Cola thinks matches that brand and creates its own awards .
Medical laboratory industry , which has consolidated , leaving two giants , Quest Diagnostics and Laboratory Corp of America Holdings , is awaiting era of gene testing ; analysts say first medical payoffs from genomics will not be drugs but diagnostic tests ; start-up companies like diaDexus and Exact Sciences , as well as established companies like Applied BioSystems , are developing molecular diagnostics , term for gene and protein testing ; they hope that patent protection for genes will allow them to charge higher prices for their tests than in past ; graph ; photos ( M )
Oracle 's work force is now nearly 50,000 employees , up from roughly 45,000 before the merger .
Kodak Bets Old Strategy Can Go Digital
The Microsoft E-mail and strategy documents show , at the least , a no-holds-barred approach to competition .
Gains at A.T. & T. , Sprint and Telesis
Matchlogic Inc plans to introduce software it says will allow accurate counts of how many people see World Wide Web page advertising , even when page is copied and displayed by Internet service providers ; General Motors Corp and Audit Bureau of Circulations back software ( S )
While overall sales fell , sales at General Motors , and to some extent Ford , actually held up surprisingly well in September .
Some observers who question Nike 's intentions say that in hiring Mr. Young , the company has opened itself to a potentially harsh review .
Texas Instruments will introduce new keypboard compatible with its calculators and able to make them function as word processors or organizers ; photo ( M )
Put the doll in front of a television showing ''Arthur '' programs or Microsoft-adapted videotapes of the show ( about $ 15 ) and the dolls will talk back to the television .
Unlike its partners , Intel has been saying for several months that PC 's should be able to receive any signal .
CDNow would have owned 26 percent of the joint venture , with Sony and Time Warner each getting 37 percent .
Agencies owned by two other companies that work for AstraZeneca , the Interpublic Group of Companies and the Grey Global Group , both in New York , will continue to handle assignments marketing to doctors ; Grey is helping to introduce Crestor , a cholesterol-lowering drug , while Interpublic is handling the introduction of Iressa , a cancer drug .
You just need a microphone , a sound-recording program , and the tutorials that have already appeared at many points on the Web , including apple.com/podcasting .
For that reason , some experts believe that the sanctions against Microsoft , regardless of their precise final form , will prove highly regulatory , insuring that the three-person technical committee overseeing compliance will be busy .
Mr. Purcell merged his Dean Witter brokerage firm with the investment bank Morgan Stanley in 1997 and has struggled to integrate the firms and their disparate cultures .
Many in the credit card industry said they were pessimistic about American Express 's chances of winning new customers by jointly issuing cards with banks .
An executive with knowledge of Mr. Ozzie 's plans said that the new venture 's relationship with I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Lenny Goldberg , executive director of the California Tax Reform Association , said Intuit tried to thwart efforts in that state to allow direct filing of state tax returns over the Internet .
David Pogue column on advantages and disadvantages of Microsoft 's new Windows Vista software program , which will be available to public on Jan 30 ; photos ( L )
And it gives Kodak a vehicle to commercialize some of its own inkjet printing patents .
In terms of the offer for Maytag , Whirlpool contends the regulatory risks are minimal .
Microsoft hopes to create what it describes as the equivalent of an online Disneyland , globally accessible over the Internet , where gamers who subscribe can find partners for dozens of different adventure , racing and sports games .
Since Apple makes the hardware , the software and the operating system , video chatting requires nothing more than plugging the iSight camera in , waiting for the iChat program to load automatically and then clicking on the Webcam icon of a partner who is similarly equipped .
Boston Scientific 's bid to acquire Guidant , maker of stents and other devices used to treat circulatory illnesses , raises questions about its 15 percent stake in Cyberonics , whose implanted nerve-stimulation device , VNS Therapy System , was approved in July for treatment of severe depression ; Medicare and many major insurers continue to classify treatment as experimental , and there are conflicting views on Wall Street of technology 's prospects ; there are reports that Boston Scientific might sell its stake in Cyberonics to raise cash if its bid for Guidant is successful ; among potential buyers would be Johnson & Johnson , Boston Scientific 's rival for Guidant ; photo ( M )
Anthony T. Hebron , a spokesman for Kellogg , declined to discuss specifics of what Martin would do , though he did say that the duties now handled by Burnett , Thompson and Burrell would not change .
Customers will be able to use their Amazon accounts to buy toys , books , tools and other merchandise in a single order that will be shipped in one box .
Wall Street is rife with speculation that various media companies are on the hunt to acquire a video game maker like Activision or Electronic Arts .
Verizon Wireless , the nation 's largest wireless telephone company , said it would offer a new flat-rate plan beginning in June for customers who check their e-mail and the Web from mobile phones and laptop and hand-held computers .
Mr. Icahn , the billionaire financier , has been staging a battle to replace the board of Time Warner , where his fund and various others own about 3 percent of the stock .
As a storefront on the MSN online service , Microsoft 's music service will offer song tracks for downloading to personal computers and portable music players .
also asked Pfizer to suspend its television advertising for Celebrex , and the company complied .
But then , when Mr. Boies got his turn , he showed his own excerpts that seemed to show that Microsoft was most concerned about the threat Intel 's work posed to Microsoft 's control of the software industry .
The American International Group agreed on Thursday to buy 9.9 percent of the PICC Property and Casualty Company , China 's biggest property and casualty insurer , in a deal that underlines the allure of the Chinese insurance market .
Salina LeBris , a spokeswoman for Con Edison Solutions in White Plains , said the decision came after a four-month review that also included five agencies in Westchester that she declined to identify .
But MCI 's board can not scrap its deal until Verizon has had a chance to take its bid directly to a shareholder vote .
By stepping in as interim chairman and as a board member , he is making a significant , formal commitment to Apple , a company that forced him out in a board room coup in 1985 and brought him back as a part-time adviser last December , when Apple acquired his Next Software Inc .
At a conference last week at Rockefeller University , sponsored by I.B.M. , a panel of health care experts discussed the innovations that promised to be the most intriguing and the most necessary over the next decade or so .
Amazon.com is trying to make it easier to browse through its book catalog on its Web site ( S )
''We 'd need a substantial amount of space , '' said Mr. Smith , the Microsoft executive , ''and it would be a dilemma to have offices that far away . ''
Merck will also maintain that although Vioxx has been associated with an increased risk of heart attacks , there is no evidence that it caused Mr. Ernst 's death .
Red Hat has become something of an inspiration to open-source businesses and their investors because it shows that it is possible to base a lucrative services business on giveaway software .
Wal-Mart Chief Writes Off New York
Eighty-five percent of McDonald 's restaurants are run by franchisees .
AT & T executives in the United States confirmed elements of a French newspaper report today that the company was working with a French electronics manufacturer , Quadral , to buy a 40 percent stake in Groupe Bull .
''Our branding campaign is performing above projected levels , we are ahead of schedule and customer response has been very positive , '' said Randall Stephenson , chief operating officer of AT & T .
The news of the sales force shake-up came as Oracle announced quarterly earnings that came at the upper end of the company 's earlier estimates and showed a trend toward reviving its overall business .
Under the deal , Nike will be able to use N.B.A .
''We make these investments because the mission of the Coca-Cola system is to build shareowner value over time , '' said the spokesman , Rob Baskin .
Motorola will manufacture the products , which will be available in North America and Britain next fall .
spectacle , '' said Charles F. Rule , a former head of the Justice Department 's antitrust division who is now a Microsoft legal consultant .
''Overall sales were not meaningfully above what we expected , and the gross margin picture was mixed , '' said Rebecca Runkle of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
His client , Mr. Connelly said , was simply buying parts from authorized I.B.M .
Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's co-founder who returned from exile in 1997 and revived the company , has often introduced head-turning new products in his speeches at Macworld .
Center for Science in Public Interest says Quorn , which is sold as line of frozen meatless dinner entries , causes some people to suffer severe allergic reactions , including violent vomiting , diarrhea and stomach cramps ; group is seeking to force allergy warning lable on Quorn products files class-action lawsuit against Quorn 's manufacturer in US , division of Marlow Food Ltd in North Yorkshire , Engl , and Quorn 's largest retailer in US , Whole Foods Market ; lawsuit contends Whole Foods is being deceptively marketed as product that resembles mushrooms and that customers have no idea it is potential allergen ; Marlow Foods says there is no need for allergy label and calls science center 's lawsuit campaign of 'scare mongering safety complaints ' ; Whole Foods says it has no plans to discontinue sales of product ; photo ( M )
Time Warner To Shut Down Its Pathfinder Site on the Web
Amazon reported that net income fell to $ 51 million , or 12 cents a share , from $ 78 million , or 18 cents a share , a year earlier , largely in line with estimates of analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial .
Pfizer 's plan is sensible , Dr. Nissen said .
Xerox is up for the fight , though .
As Exxon has become isolated from its peers , it has faced increasing pressure from shareholders and environmentalists .
Morgan Stanley is actually subleasing the space from Wachovia , the bank that is moving out of 1 New York Plaza this month .
Correction : July 4 , 2006 , Tuesday The David Pogue column in Business Day on Thursday , about a Microsoft antivirus program called Windows Live OneCare , included an erroneous reference , based on information from the company , about one feature .
As part of the deal , company officials said today , Microsoft will take a 20 percent equity stake in RealNames , which has filed for an initial public offering of its stock .
Todd Sandler of the University of Southern California , a pioneer in the field , found that terrorists did just that .
Citigroup reported net income of $ 4.1 billion , or 79 cents a share , down from $ 4.8 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier .
General Mills , which is based in Minneapolis , makes Cheerios , Wheaties and Total cereals .
Microsoft Corp begins its defense in Government 's antitrust lawsuit ; its first witness , Richard L Schmalensee , economist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , says Microsoft 's business practices are good for consumers and any Government meddling with software industry would likely do more harm than good ( M )
''Microsoft does listen to its customers , and it has this program to try to inch toward the open-source world , '' said Stuart Cohen , chief executive of Open Source Development Labs , a nonprofit organization that advocates the use of Linux , the open-source operating system .
Bob Dole will appear in television commercial for Target Superstores chain operated by Target division of Dayton Hudson ( S )
Using word of mouth , the group recruited more than 100 shoplifters in the Dallas area , investigators said , and members stole an estimated $ 5 million in merchandise from Target , Wal-Mart and Walgreens before the ring was broken up in 2003 .
Philip J. Purcell , the chairman and chief executive of Morgan Stanley , and Cari Dominguez , the chairwoman of the federal commission , met with District Judge Richard Berman at his insistence .
I.B.M .
Microsoft stock was up 87.5 cents today , to close at $ 70.50 .
It was 7:30 a.m. , nearly two hours before Vornado would say that it was out of the race .
Hollywood studios and record companies are putting pressure on makers of personal computers , DVD players and portable music players to come up with technology to prevent machines from playing copyrighted material if someone illegally downloads it or copies it to blank compact disc ; technology industry is resisting , saying proposal would slow innovation , hobble its products and potentially stop consumers from making copies of compact discs and other products they own ; they say what Hollywood is asking for is not technologically feasible ; Walt Disney Co chairman Michael D Eisner suggested to Senate Commerce Committee on Feb 28 that companies , including Apple Computer , Dell Computer , Microsoft and Intel , failed to develop adequate protection for digital media because piracy helps sell computers ; Intel chairman Andrew S Grove denounced Eisner 's statement ; Senate Judiciary Committee plans to explore disadvantages to consumers of locking up digital media more securely ; AOL Time Warner chief executive Richard D Parsons and Intel chief executive Craig R Barrett are scheduled to testify ; Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs says most people want to be honest , and if offered reasonable choices , most people will choose to buy their content ; photos ( M )
At the core of the culture clash between Microsoft and some in Silicon Alley is the difference between a giant company where software is created by legions of anonymous programmers and the New York new media 's roots in the art and publishing worlds , where individual authorship is highly valued .
But missed breaks and lunches have become a major issue in more than 40 lawsuits charging Wal-Mart with forcing employees to work without pay through lunch and rest breaks , and several lawyers and former employees who have sued Wal-Mart said the audit only bolstered their cases .
The investigation into the imbalance , largely a product of accounting problems at the European operations of the McCann-Erickson World Group , Interpublic 's largest division , grew to include visits to 50 nations and the help of two Big Four accounting firms and two law firms .
Xerox had only about $ 600 million left in a $ 7 billion line of credit .
MFS Investment Management suspends its longtime practice of directing brokerage commissions to securities firms that sell its funds or bring it new clients ; action suggests that concern is growing among fund companies that this widespread industry practice is attracting regulatory scrutiny for possible conflicts of interest ; Morgan Stanley settles suit brought by Securities and Exchange Commission and NASD , which said firm set up preferential arrangements with 16 mutual fund companies ( M )
On Wednesday , Time Warner , Comcast , Cox Communications , EchoStar Communications and DirecTV , a unit of the News Corporation , will be among the 168 qualified bidders in the government 's multibillion-dollar auction of radio spectrum , that precious commodity that allows voice calls and data to be sent over the airwaves .
Pfizer 's definition of adjusted operating profits excludes large noncash charges related to Pfizer 's takeover of Pharmacia in 2002 , as well as other significant charges that Pfizer classifies as one-time events .
And with Comcast leading the way , the days of automatic fee increases appear to be over .
IBM announces new entry-level software aimed at helping small businesses or corporate departments establish internal computer networks , or intranets ; two new products will be sold by IBM 's Lotus Development unit ; new products are called Lotus Go and Domino Mail ( S )
''You do n't want to be locked out of an institution like that for that long , '' said Ed Rice , president of the Ozarks Coca-Cola/Dr Pepper Bottling Company .
''The message here is a simple one , '' said Randall D. Isaac , a vice president at I.B.M .
A decision ''has not been made , '' she said under cross-examination by PeopleSoft 's lawyer , Matthew Fischer , in the sixth day of a trial in Delaware Chancery Court , where Oracle has challenged PeopleSoft 's anti-takeover defenses .
The Adolph Coors Company , the third-largest beer company in the United States , and Molson , the biggest Canadian beer company , said yesterday that they were in advanced discussions on a possible merger .
''The die has been cast in this generation , and we know Sony has won , '' said John Riccitiello , the president of Electronic Arts .
From next Monday through Dec. 31 , the Procter & Gamble Charmin brand will operate a public restroom in the heart of Times Square , amply stocked with Charmin Ultra , and complete with attendants who are assigned to clean up after each use .
''The growth and complexity of our business '' has mandated a reassessment of Nike 's worldwide marketing messages , Mr .
Microsoft , he said , got a big lift when I.B.M .
Microsoft will focus on nurturing the System Definition Model to help software developers create Windows applications that use computing resources more efficiently .
Leslie C. Ravitz , an analyst with Morgan Stanley , noted that if DuPont shareholders did not like the tracking stock , ''they can sell it . ''
From the testimony , it is striking how broad the communication by E-mail is within Microsoft .
Ford Motor Co puts Brian P Kelley in charge of brand management , dealer relations , auto parts sales , market research , advertising purchases and some sales and marketing activities , while keeping him as president of ConsumerConnect unit ; will put Anne Stevens in charge of all of its North American assembly plants and promote her to vice president ( M )
The part , called a moisture barrier , is designed to keep condensation inside the plane from dripping into electronic equipment in the cockpit , and it will still perform that function , Boeing said , despite the newly discovered problem .
In fact , Pfizer expanded its Ann Arbor research offices to two million square feet recently with a city-approved tax credit worth $ 800 million , the largest such package Ann Arbor had ever given .
BIDDING FOR DISNEY : THE OVERVIEW Correction : February 23 , 2004 , Monday A picture caption in Business Day on Feb. 13 with an article about Comcast 's offer for the Walt Disney Company misidentified the location shown .
But company executives caution that year-to-year comparisons can be misleading because of the addition of A.T. & T. 's operations .
But Mr. Icahn quoted reports that Time Warner had made a ''last ditch '' attempt to buy MGM , but did not succeed and the business went to Sony .
There has been no agency for Marriott and Renaissance since last year , when the New York office of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising , part of the McCann-Erickson World Group , resigned the assignment .
Beth Levine , the general counsel for Pfizer 's domestic pharmaceutical group , said Pfizer ordered pills from both sites .
A federal judge said yesterday that he planned to authorize a $ 192.5 million settlement of a discrimination lawsuit against the Coca-Cola Company , giving the final seal of approval to the largest settlement ever in a racial bias case .
The announcement of the deal comes just a day after Procter raised its profit forecast for the sixth consecutive quarter .
''We will be able to combine news gathering , video production and a whole bunch of other things that will provide savings . ''
Dictation programs are so useful that they have changed way many people interact with computer chips ; pushing trend toward conversational technology is new generation of speech-based products that are markedly improved from earlier programs ; Dragon Systems and International Business Machines have programs priced under $ 200 for 'continuous dictation , ' name for programs that will listen to and reproduce words spoken by someone talking at steady rate in phrases or sentences ; one drawback is that systems are 'speaker dependent , ' meaning new user must train program to recognize quirks in a voice , such as Southern or Boston accent ; big leap in voice-recognition technology allows system to learn patterns of speaker quickly , in less than hour ; photo ; drawings ; Sachin Shah , editor of speech and telecommunications industry newsletters , assesses Dragon and IBM digital stenographers ( M )
AT & T 's Breakup Offers Opportunity And Uncertainties
In September , the commission demanded that Morgan Stanley turn over comprehensive records on hiring , pay and promotions in its institutional stocks division , in which Ms. Schieffelin has worked in her 14-year career .
Mr. Jobs also used the stage here to give his audience a quick cyberspace tour of the new World Wide Web site for Apple Store .
To solidify the PC platform , Microsoft supplied developers with the technology building blocks and programming tools to make writing Windows applications easier and faster .
Wall Street analysts say that if the satellite ventures work , Motorola 's prospects will be enormous .
The decision by the judge , Richard W. Story of United States District Court in Atlanta , would clear the way for more than 2,000 current and former black employees of Coke to receive an average of about $ 40,000 each and appeared to close the chapter on a two-year legal battle that had thrust the company 's racial discord onto the world stage .
John J. Leahy , the chief commercial officer of Airbus , insisted that the company never disputed Boeing 's contention that there was a market for a midsize plane able to fly long distances .
''We 've been trying for years to do something '' with Hill , Holliday , said Eugene P. Beard , vice chairman for finance and operations at Interpublic in New York , ''and I guess we got lucky . ''
The 1999 lawsuit , which was filed by some of the nation 's most prominent antitrust lawyers , originally argued that Monsanto , a pioneer in the development of biotechnology crops , was at the center of a global conspiracy to control the market for those crops .
Regardless , Verizon has to consider the possibility that even with the additional 13.4 percent , shareholders may vote no on its proposed merger .
Company officials noted that , unlike Aetna and Oxford , Cigna is still making money , albeit in reduced amounts , in all its lines , including health care .
Coke 's bottling operation in the Philippines has fallen back into local hands with the acquisition of Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines by the San Miguel Corporation and the Coca-Cola Company .
It is a hefty price , but they said Kodak had enough at stake to justify it .
Alphaville , virtual community that exists in role-playing game The Sims Online , will conduct second annual presidential election ; central issue of each campaign is how to cope with belligerent group of players ; according to Electronic Arts there were 57,500 players in March 2004 ; photos ( M )
Sun coyly insists the ads are not aimed at Microsoft , a competitor that has sparred with Federal trustbusters over proprietary programs .
However , it turned down a bulk-purchase deal with Continental similar to American Express 's , according to Patty McMenamin , a spokeswoman , who said the company would be open to other offers .
Cola companies are increasingly squaring off in movie theaters**Movie houses are becoming battleground in cola wars ; Coca-Cola Co is seeking to increase its already commanding market share in movie theaters with ambitious advertising and promotional campaign centered on film ; Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola Co are both pouring more resources into fountain sales ; photo ( Advertising column ) ( M )
As the article reported , after being approached by The Times on Tuesday , Costco removed from its Web site a Picasso drawing -- ''Picador in a Bullfight , '' from 1963 -- whose certificate was declared a forgery by Ms. Widmayer-Picasso .
General Dynamics Makes $ 2.1 Billion Deal for Shipbuilder
The solution , he concluded , lay not in silicon hardware but , instead , in clever software -- code that might achieve compatibility with the dominant Intel standard , but that might also reduce the power needs of a computer 's microprocessor .
Recently , Merck has been more promotional , but its reputation is still superb , Mr. Evans said .
I.B.M .
That 's not such a horrible fate ; Apple 's store is widely admired .
And now 2004 begins with the loss of Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon Communications and Vodafone that had been a client of Bozell 's inherited by Lowe .
In this way , Microsoft might save $ 24 million for every 1,000 temps it uses , excluding overtime .
In a last-ditch effort to block a controversial $ 20 billion proposal by the Air Force to lease a fleet of Boeing 767 aerial tankers , Senator John McCain 's office has released documents showing a high-level lobbying campaign by the Air Force and Boeing to fend off critics as well as potential competitors .
Several janitors said in interviews that the Target contractor was doing much the same as contractors for Wal-Mart had done before an immigration raid at Wal-Mart stores last October -- making late-night janitors work nearly 365 days a year , without paying overtime or Social Security and other taxes .
But in tests on 20 cards from Visa , MasterCard and American Express , the researchers here found that the cardholder 's name and other data was being transmitted without encryption and in plain text .
ClickStar , company started by actor Morgan Freeman and Intel , seeks to offer downloads of a movie at same time as its theatrical release , and handful of other ventures , among them IndieFlix and 2929 Entertainment , have recently been formed to help filmmakers find their audience , whether it is online , on DVD or in theaters ; they are all experimenting with untested business models and are all up against long-established Hollywood way of promoting movies primarily through blockbuster releases ; smaller movies with limited appeal could have the most to gain from alternative distribution , either through movie downloads or bypassing studios altogether and selling DVD 's directly to consumers ; photos ( M )
Microsoft agrees that innovation is the goal , but counters that heavy-handed antitrust enforcement is the real threat .
The answer is important because the Government contends that the Microsoft Corporation illegally tied its software for browsing the World Wide Web to its industry-standard Windows operating system to stifle competition in the Internet software market .
Mr. Chenault said that similar deals were still possible with the companies American Express is suing , which include J.P. Morgan Chase , Capital One , Bank of America and Wells Fargo .
The stock market 's reaction is telling you it thinks the chances of Priceline 's becoming profitable in the second quarter are very good . ''
A Bid for Wells Fargo ?
Microsoft executives acknowledge that they are well aware of Apple 's new software virtuosity .
Northrop Grumman , which declined to comment , was widely regarded as the runner-up in the bidding for the Texas Instruments unit .
PC makers are cutting prices to attract year-end buyers , and Microsoft is distributing coupons allowing free or discounted upgrades to Windows Vista on PCs sold this year .
A merger between P & O Princess and Royal Caribbean to form RCP Cruise Lines , as the new company is tentatively called , would create a cruise line that would surpass Carnival as the world 's largest , with 41 ships and 75,000 berths .
Salomon Smith Barney said in a report before the French deal today that Wal-Mart ''is one of the main triggers for consolidation in Europe . ''
The network is part of Verizon 's push to transform itself into a fast-growing technology company and shed its image as a stodgy utility .
The average retail price for a standard Hershey bar is now 45 cents , she said .
Enron , which owns a 65 percent stake , and the General Electric Company and the Bechtel Group , which own 10 percent each , have offered to sell their combined stake for $ 380 million .
After Superman explains he ''ca n't carry money '' in his supersuit , Mr. Seinfeld offers her his American Express card .
Several operators said that Apple 's legal campaign does not appear to have slowed the flow of information about details and announcement dates of new Apple products .
In the seven years since he took over , Louis V. Gerstner Jr. has led a striking revival in the fortunes of I.B.M. , the world 's largest computer company .
And adopting a benefit similar to the nonunion competitors that Verizon competes with in many parts of its business , the company will hand out a small number of stock options to union members in an effort to further interest them in Verizon 's overall financial performance and efficiency .
Yahoo 's offer was announced after the close of regular stock market trading .
The Nissan media agency , OMD , part of the Omnicom Group , is overseeing the media aspects of the campaign , working with sibling shops like TBWA/Chiat/Day , the Nissan creative agency .
With its sales continuing to power ahead , the Microsoft Corporation announced late yesterday that its profits in the current quarter would exceed Wall Street 's forecast by about 9 percent .
Be Inc offers to license its Be operating system free for year to any computer maker willing to install it on new machines and make it option for buyers to select first time they switch on PC ; Microsoft Corp executive testifying at Government 's antitrust trial cited Be , tiny software company , as potential major competitor to his company ; photo ( S )
Procter also said yesterday that it expected total sales for the fiscal year to increase to 6 percent to 9 percent -- higher than its initial forecast -- as it benefits from the weak exchange rate and continued growth in developing markets during the second half of 2004 .
''Presence marketing has languished here , and it 's high time we rejuvenated it , '' said Carl E. Gustin , the Eastman Kodak Company 's chief marketing officer .
The companies involved are the General Motors Corporation , Honda Motor , Mazda Motor , Isuzu Motor and Mitsubishi Motor , said people with a detailed knowledge of the matter who insisted on anonymity .
An article in Business Day yesterday about a new manufacturing process used by I.B.M .
The subpoena issued by the Justice Department the day after the Netscape-Microsoft meeting did refer specifically to a separate matter that the Government was investigating at the time : Microsoft 's plan to bundle its on-line service , Microsoft Network , or MSN , with its new operating system , Windows 95 , which was shipped two months later , in August 1995 .
Whirlpool , with profits of $ 406 million last year on revenue of $ 13.2 billion last year , and 68,000 employees , dwarfs Maytag .
Her husband 's company is seeking approval for drastic cuts in wages and benefits , in a three-way negotiation with the auto workers ' union , General Motors and a bankruptcy judge .
The Rockwell divisions that Boeing is acquiring have manufactured everything from space shuttles to strategic nuclear missile components .
Ford and Chrysler both entrust labor relations to top executives who report directly to the chief executive , while General Motors ' top labor executive is buried three layers lower in the management of the world 's largest auto maker .
Most witnesses at the Microsoft trial prepared for days or weeks , reviewing documents and being coached by lawyers , but not Mr. Dertouzos .
But Intel , the world 's biggest maker of computer chips , changed its strategy after its executives realized the power and potential pervasiveness of the unregulated Wi-Fi wireless networking standard , technically know as the 802.11 standard .
It is particularly irked because it believes that greater use of the photo-manipulation machines would spur sales of film and processing paper , Kodak 's highest-margin products .
While the price of the acquisition was not disclosed , someone close to the deal but not authorized to speak about the matter said News Corporation paid $ 16 million for the two operations : the TimesLedger and Courier-Life newspaper groups .
Apple Computer posted a sharp decline in profit for the quarter yesterday , but said that sales rose as it expanded its reach into laptops and music players .
In the new suite of programs , called Microsoft Dynamics , the company will include features for some 50 business tasks and incorporate new technology , which has been in development for the last few years under the code-name Project Green .
Apple Is Now the Champ In Computer Speed Wars
At DealExpert.net , the site owner posted the letter he received from Wal-Mart with a note asking site visitors not to post information from any more advertisements for Black Friday , as the day after Thanksgiving is known among retailers .
Landing Boeing 's headquarters would be more of a symbolic victory than an economic boom .
That technology , supported by Microsoft , was hailed as groundbreaking , but it has had limited success with consumers .
And so in the case of the iPod portable music player and iTunes online music store by Mr. Jobs 's Apple Computer , an easy-to-use hand-held computer and an accessible network database are transforming not music itself , but the way music is distributed .
''This is the largest first-week order Apple has ever gotten for any new product , '' Steven P. Jobs , Apple 's interim president and chief executive , said in a telephone interview .
The report capped a quarter of momentum for Intel in which the company refreshed its product line , announced plans to lay off more than 10 percent of its work force and began to cut $ 5 billion in expenses .
With a long history of creating Coke advertisements , including the well-known spots with Mean Joe Green , McCann-Erickson landed the bulk of the work and exhumed the touching tone that had long been the hallmark of Coke advertising .
Freight-Car Congestion Is Worrying Union Pacific
Microsoft executives declined to take the bait .
That size means only a handful of banks have the wherewithal to swallow Wells Fargo , which is based in San Francisco .
Bank of America 's profit rose more than 30 percent in the third quarter from a year ago .
Still , Antonio M. Perez , the chief executive , insisted that Kodak was on track to be a profitable digital company by 2008 , the timeline he has been stressing for more than two years .
Campbell Soup pitches comfort food for the modern soul during the Winter Olympics .
Under yesterday 's agreement , Exxon and Mobil have agreed to a special provision that would allow Exxon to purchase as much as 14.9 percent of Mobil 's stock if another company makes Mobil an offer , making the deal more costly for that third company .
Intel began selling its 1.7 gigahertz chip for $ 352 in April , fueling the fears of a price war .
Nike officials insist that they maintain satisfactory conditions at the 545 factories the company uses worldwide .
Under an agreement in principle reached with the main class-action plaintiff , the Minnesota State Board of Investments , the media company will pay $ 2.4 billion to aggrieved shareholders who bought or acquired AOL or Time Warner securities between Jan. 27 , 1999 , and Aug. 27 , 2002 .
''We believe that our business would be substantially larger today if Microsoft were playing by the rules , '' said Rob Glaser , chief executive of RealNetworks , which is based in Seattle .
Microsoft and the government agreed on an expedited schedule today for submitting briefs to the Supreme Court that will enable the court to decide whether to accept the antitrust case as soon as late August .
Pacific Century CyberWorks of Hong Kong , which had taken a strong interest in EMI before Time Warner proposed merging the company with its Warner Music Group , is back for another look , two people close to the company said .
So you wo n't be fooled again , Symantec has upgraded its Norton Internet Security software suite to intercept more viruses , mass mailers and worms .
The Morgan Stanley Group is closing to further investment its Princes Gate Investors II L.P. , a private equity partnership with $ 800 million in capital .
Not long after , Microsoft contends , the Justice Department was made aware of Microsoft 's plans .
Medtronic is also the target of another whistle-blower lawsuit in Memphis , where its spine division is based ; that suit also accuses it of making improper payments to doctors .
There are only seven other Intel wafer fabrication facilities like it in the world , mostly in the western United States .
Citigroup 's $ 12.5 billion deal nearly equals all foreign direct investment in Mexico last year .
''The settlement ends a real drain on the time and energy of Microsoft people and lets them get back to business . ''
While Boeing ultimately failed to carry out its plan -- in fact , its costs ballooned -- the Airbus partners succeeded .
The Procter & Gamble Company in Cincinnati said yesterday that it had named Starcom MediaVest Group , part of the Publicis Groupe , and Carat , part of the Aegis Group , to handle communication planning in North America , which had been divided between Starcom and the MediaCom Worldwide division of the Grey Global Group .
Johnson & Johnson 's record sales of $ 12.83 billion , up 11 percent , reflected stronger sales of medical devices as well as continued growth in some of its pharmaceutical products .
To that end , Time Warner announced in January the formation of Time Warner E-Commerce to consolidate the company 's current direct-marketing efforts on the Web and introduce other programs .
''We are not the first kid to come to town , and we felt it was really important to differentiate ourselves , '' Robert Thacker , Target 's marketing vice president , said .
Shares of Pfizer fell $ 6.125 , to $ 99.625 , while those of Schering-Plough fell $ 3.0625 , to $ 100.625 .
Procter & Gamble Co reports net income rose 9.3 percent profit in fiscal first quarter ended Sept 30 to record $ 979 million , up from $ 896 million in year-earlier period ; table ( S )
to Mr. Ford , '' said a Goldman Sachs spokesman , Lucas van Praag .
In some ways , Microsoft 's tack today appeared to counter its earlier strategy .
Over all , he said , Cisco 's customers appear optimistic about the business environment .
Harry L. Kavetas , 61 , Kodak 's Finance Chief
''Merck has a precedent of announcing head count reductions and then coming back to the table and cutting even further . ''
She said that falling prices in certain categories were not detrimental to the health of eBay , which is actually growing faster this year than last year , because its sellers continue to adapt to the market .
Last year , Pfizer introduced a single-pill combination of Lipitor and Norvasc called Caduet , although Caduet 's sales have been slow so far .
Amazon 's stock , which had already lost 95 cents in the regular trading day , lost another $ 1.23 to $ 14.80 a share in trading after the 4 p.m. release of its results .
Total earnings included a $ 6.5 billion one-time gain from the sale of 12 percent of Oracle 's holdings in Oracle Japan ; Oracle now owns 74 percent of the operation .
Many of the improvements Symantec sold for Windows 3.1 were incorporated by Microsoft into Windows 95 .
The reasons for their return are almost as numerous as the confederates of Danny Ocean in the Rat Pack casino-heist film ''Ocean 's Eleven '' ( 1960 ) , remade in 2001 by the Warner Brothers division of Time Warner , which is soon to spawn a sequel , ''Ocean 's Twelve . ''
The Federal Aviation Administration said today that the Boeing Company had known for more than a year about a safety defect in the fuel valves of its 757 jets , but failed to tell regulators .
The Amdahl Corporation , the maker of clones of I.B.M .
The company has chosen an executive search firm to find a person to replace Mr. Amelio , and Mr. Jobs is now spending about half his time at Apple .
The brand is Mercury , the Ford Motor Company marque intended to offer buyers a choice somewhere between the bread-and-butter Ford division and the luxury line sold under the Lincoln name .
Intel said that it would ask a judge in Federal District Court in Worcester , Mass. , to amend its counterclaim to Digital 's original lawsuit .
Over the years , he also served as Gap Inc. 's chief operating officer and chief financial officer .
The CD will include a copy of a 30-second Gap holiday television commercial by Laird & Partners in New York .
The Harman deal tries to assuage stockholders by using a provision known as a stub , as in a ticket stub , apparently its first use in the United States amid the latest buyout boom .
Yes , Time Warner still has problems -- particularly in the erratically performing Warner Brothers movie , television and music units jointly run by Terry Semel and Robert A. Daly .
The workers approved the contract after five months of negotiations in which the union , the United Steelworkers of America , consulted closely with Wall Street firms and industry experts on what was needed to keep Goodyear afloat and retain jobs in the United States .
When Coca-Cola told the company about payroll cards , it ''pretty much offered us the perfect solution , '' Ms. Ferro said , and so , beginning next month the company will electronically transfer its 500 workers ' wages to payroll cards instead of printing checks .
Cox , Time Warner Cable and other cable providers have tried for years to crack the business market long dominated by the Bell companies and long-distance giants like the AT & T Corporation .
Consumers may delete buns , condiments and , in some cases , lettuce and tomatoes , but the cost of each menu item will not change , a McDonald 's spokeswoman said .
Pony cars and muscle cars that were popular with young men of 1960 's and 70 's have dedicated following today , although only Ford Mustang has survived ; collectors and fans have their own clubs , magazines , Web sites and shows ; Ford Motor Co is planning retro look for Mustang by mid-decade ; photos ( M )
At the moment , more Ph.D. 's in computer science from the University of Washington work at Google than at Microsoft .
Melissa typically enters a computer hidden in a Microsoft Word 97 or Word 2000 file attached to an electronic mail message .
Eastman Kodak Company says Robert J Keegan , who left company two years ago , will return as president of Kodak Professional , unit that serves professional and commercial photography market ( S )
Verizon Wireless , the nation 's largest wireless telephone company , said it would pay Lucent Technologies $ 5 billion over three years to provide telecommunications equipment and services for Verizon 's planned high-speed wireless network .
And it does n't require a vast rightwing conspiracy to make the network tremble : That same year CBS ditched plans for a reality show based on ''The Beverly Hillbillies '' after protests from Appalachian lobby groups .
Boeing stock rose as high as $ 60.50 a share in July because the booming global airline industry had deluged it with orders .
''We see that accelerating , not decelerating , '' with consumer purchases of camera film , for instance , already rising at a consistent pace of 8 to 10 percent a year , except during the outbreak last spring of severe acute respiratory syndrome , said Daniel A. Carp , the chairman and chief executive of the Eastman Kodak Company .
The case against Microsoft is also an indictment of its corporate character -- ''a culture of predation , '' according to Thomas Miller , the Iowa state attorney general .
Yahoo 's increased storage calls into question its longstanding business of selling larger mailboxes to its users .
Shares of Ford Motor were battered , falling 6 percent , to $ 17.80 , after a report over the weekend that the company would warn that its fourth-quarter loss would be steeper than expected .
But Dow Jones 's commitment to Microsoft raises questions about its pledge that its new system will comply with industry standards developing around the Internet .
The list of potential bidders includes ConocoPhillips , Shell and ChevronTexaco , which have all said that they want to grow in the North American gas and Asian oil markets , Mr. Leuffer said .
; Exxon-Mobil Union Raises Questions On Varying Styles
Last September , EADS and Northrop Grumman announced a partnership to work together on the development of the next-generation personnel recovery vehicle for the Air Force .
Merck is eager for new drugs after its withdrawal last year of the painkiller Vioxx and related suits .
State securities regulators announced a new investigation into Morgan Stanley 's mutual fund sales practices yesterday and warned that pending legislation could stop the states from pursuing this and other securities initiatives in the future .
Burnett is keeping an assignment that General Motors placed in review several months ago , to create campaigns for the G.M .
I.B.M .
Moody 's said its outlook on Globe 's domestic debt rating was changed to positive , citing its healthy finances and the rapid growth of the country 's cellular industry .
Halliburton said the Justice Department 's investigation had uncovered information suggesting that Mr. Stanley and other former employees may have rigged bids with competitors for foreign projects as early as the mid-1980 's .
Linux Users Planning to Take Demands Straight to Microsoft
Time Warner magazines like Fortune may also help promote Mr. Welch 's book by holding conferences and seminars featuring Mr. Welch .
Procter & Gamble Company will reorganize media planning duties for its North American account and place in review expanded assignment ( S )
''Through all this , we recall Boeing rarely admitting to making any mistakes , instead usually blaming shortcomings on a few bad apples . ''
While the chip is not compatible with Intel 's current chips , the company said it had already begun design work on a commercial version that would essentially have dozens or even hundreds of Intel-compatible microprocessors laid out in a tiled pattern on a single chip .
The bidders that plan to submit final offers today are Google , Yahoo , The New York Times Company , the AOL unit of Time Warner and AskJeeves , the executives said .
The move by Microsoft comes at a time when the Chinese government is stepping up its own efforts to crack down on press freedom .
Of course , pushing performance and production at this rate requires a huge investment , and Intel has said it will spend $ 5 billion on facilities and $ 3.8 billion on research and development this year .
In response to consumer testing , he said , Apple changed aspects of the user interface to make them more familiar to Macintosh users .
Wal-Mart denies it has a goal of 40 percent part-time workers , although company officials say that part-timers now make up 25 percent to 30 percent of workers , up from 20 percent last October .
Robert A. Iger , the Walt Disney president , said that with Disney permitting transmission of the station 's signals through May 24 , Time Warner was bound to carry them .
Verizon , nation 's largest regional phone company , will acquire nation 's second-largest long-distance company , MCI , for $ 6.6 billion in cash and stock , latest merger in rapidly consolidating telecommunications industry ; deal has been approved by boards of both companies and will be announced Feb 14 ; MCI , with 14 million residential customers and million corporate customers , emerged from bankruptcy protection last year and changed its name from WorldCom after nearly collapsing when $ 11 billion accounting fraud was unearthed ; although it is shadow of its former self , its high-margin corporate customers and worldwide telephone and data network make it quite valuable ; it was one of last remaining major telecommunications companies up for grabs following SBC 's recent acquisition of AT & T for $ 15 billion ; deal with MCI reflects Verizon 's interest in growing its present business of selling telephone and data services to corporate customers ( M )
GENERAL MOTORS AND U.A.W .
Shares of Juno Online Services surge 24 percent , to $ 6.125 , after company announces promotional agreement with IBM , similar to those between other top Internet service providers and computer makers , that analysts say will probably be expensive for Juno ( S )
A senior executive at Marsh & McLennan Companies and two employees of the American International Group pleaded guilty yesterday to criminal charges of rigging bids for corporate insurance policies .
In my tests at various locations , Vibe Phone calls went through firewalls cleanly ( its calls are routed through a widely used port that many other chat programs do not use because of concerns about transmission quality ) and the picture and audio quality were the closest to Apple 's of any of the services .
spokeswoman , said that no customers had contacted it with the problem , and added that I.B.M .
Microsoft Corp , in announcing third generation of its software for controlling corporate data centers , is eager to convince world that it is confidently outpacing competition ; chairman Bill Gates says new program , to be named Windows Server 2003 , will improve performance of previous versions of Microsoft operating system by about 100 percent ; competitors like IBM , Sun Microsystems and Oracle are turning to Linux -- freely shared operating system software designed and maintained by worldwide group of volunteer programmers -- to blunt Microsoft 's drive in corporate data center ( M )
The more Microsoft Windows is bogged down by viruses , spyware and disruptive security updates , the more miserable life becomes -- and the more the long-suffering Windows majority begins to investigate virus-free , spyware-free alternatives like Mac OS X .
Wal-Mart executives said they would appeal , voicing confidence that the decision would be overturned .
Amgen , which sells epoetin under the brand name Epogen and darbepoetin under the name Aranesp , said its drugs had been a boon for people with anemia and are properly used in the vast majority of patients .
Humana has made a big push to expand its Medicare business and is now the second-largest participant in the Medicare market , after the UnitedHealth Group .
Correction of Jan 11 Patents column about Patent and Trademarks Office 's annual listing of top patent recipients ; number of patents awarded in 1998 to leader , International Business Machines Corp , is 2,658
Mr. Chercover estimated that a full valuation of International Paper 's assets , particularly its timber holdings , would add as much as $ 14 to its share price .
American Express added Sept. 11 relief groups to its list of eligible charities and offered to match 2001 donations to all charities , up to $ 200,000 over all .
Microsoft wants to see the correspondence between the commission and the external advisers who prepared a report on Microsoft 's compliance with the 2004 ruling .
That plan , too , was rejected by regulators , who were concerned that Wal-Mart would effectively have control of the Toronto Dominion division .
Xerox generated $ 611 million in cash in the quarter .
Accenture survey finds network carriers are reclaiming bigger share of business travelers from low-cost carriers ; corporate travel managers are uneasy about State Department 's plan to introduce passports later this year that will have tiny radio tags for transmitting personal and facial-biometric information , to expedite processing of travelers through border controls and Customs checkpoints ; domestic hotels are slowly following lead of airlines in giving customers options for automated check-ins ; Hilton Hotels last year tested self-service kiosks at several major hotels , and by year 's end had them installed in 44 hotels ; others installing or testing kiosks are Global Hyatt Corp , Starwood Hotels and Resorts and Holiday Inn ; photo ( Memo Pad column ) ( M )
Apple reported its results after the market 's close .
The nature of Apple is that by virtue of the fact that they talk sparingly , they get talked about -- they create this almost audible buzz . ''
I.B.M .
But the script for the drill , held March 22 , 2006 , at the Vogtle Nuclear Plant near Augusta , did not include a pipe break , and the staff of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission graded the performance of the plant 's owner , the Southern Company , poor .
Citigroup will acquire last independent investment bank in London from Schroders PLC for about $ 2.21 billion ; purchase of Schroders investment banking business is being structured as merger of that operation with Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney investment banking unit ; in Europe , combined operation will be known as Schroders Salomon Smith Barney and will co-managed by executives from each firm ; Citigroup reports net income for fourth quarter rose to $ 2.62 billion from $ 677 million in fourth quarter of 1998 ; corporate and investment bank , which includes Salomon Smith Barney , earned $ 1.31 billion , more than double $ 553 million a year earlier ; consumer businesses had profit from operations of $ 1.17 billion , up 35 percent from $ 872 million ; Paine Webber Group also posts better-than-expected quarterly earnings ; fourth-quarter earnings increased 66 percent , to $ 166.3 million from $ 100.4 million ; revenue increased 27 percent , to $ 1.39 billion from $ 1.1 billion in year-earlier quarter ; Charles Schwab Corp reports fourth-quarter net income of $ 170 million , up 60 percent from $ 106 million ; revenue rose 43 percent , to $ 1.13 billion ( M )
For Microsoft , the Xbox 360 is a critical part of the strategy of converging home electronics and entertainment , eventually integrating computing , music and gaming through a home media system in consumers ' living rooms .
''But Microsoft is also clearly trying to send a signal to Wall Street to not go crazy about the upside surprise for this quarter . ''
The marketing costs were keenly felt over at the Coca-Cola Company , which turned in one of its most lackluster performances in years in 1998 .
Foreign investors are turning Slovakia into one of fastest-growing economies in Central Europe ; Slovakia 's state investment agency has signed 47 deals this year worth $ 2.26 billion , up from 22 deals for $ 1.55 billion in 2003 ; economic growth is up 5.3 percent , to $ 33.3 billion in last three quarters ; businesses are lured by political stability , low labor costs and low taxes ; biggest investments have been in automotive plants ; Peugeot Citroen , Kia , and Ford Motor are set to join Volkswagen , which already makes 300,000 vehicles a year in Bratislava ; Slovakia is expected to produce 850,000 cars a year by 2007 , becoming world 's largest car producer per capita ; photo ( M )
Neographic will continue to handle interactive assignments for AT & T on a project basis , he added .
Verizon has 46,000 employees in New York State , including those in its wireless division .
Alltel , he said , would only make Verizon bigger , not necessarily faster-growing .
The Comcast-AT & T merger will only make it worse , the rural operators contend .
In an interview this week at Sun 's research and development campus in Menlo Park , Calif. , Mr. Schwartz said the company was determined to compete effectively in the high-volume , low-cost server market that is dominated by computers based on microprocessors sold by Intel and A.M.D .
The move may indicate the beginning of a wider retrenchment by Pfizer and the rest of the drug industry .
Yahoo Japan 's sales more than doubled in the quarter , with modem sales making up 43 percent of that total .
This year , Dr. Wisnieff said , I.B.M .
Patents on several Merck drugs , generating $ 5 billion in annual revenue , will expire in 2000 and 2001 , leaving the company vulnerable to generic knock-offs .
Goodbye Cingular , Hello to the New Bell , AT & T
AOL and Time Warner executives say these expressions of fear are insincere and are meant to influence regulators and shape the rules in a fledgling area -- interactive TV -- where the merged company is expected to have real strength .
IBM will invest $ 100 million over three years to develop new products and services to help analyze flood of data being produced by Human Genome Project and other life sciences research ( S )
Boston Scientific ended up winning Guidant with a cash and stock offer of about $ 27 billion , or $ 78.88 a share , which it partly offset with about $ 6.3 billion in side deals with Abbott .
Mr. Markie said he had replaced his Pfizer card with a U Share card .
James 's Hummer-themed shoe will not officially go on sale until Dec. 20 , the day of his 27th game for the Cavaliers , in Chicago -- home to the tootsies that still sustain the robust sales of Nike 's Air Jordan lines .
Only three weeks ago , Mr. Falco was the president and chief operating officer of NBC Universal Television , the biggest division of the media conglomerate NBC Universal , which is majority-owned by General Electric .
General Motors has gradually evolved a web of alliances with Toyota , Isuzu , Suzuki and other foreign automakers .
Viacom said in a statement that it had invested in Joost because the service was set up to protect copyrighted content and to profit from selling advertising around longer programs .
Aug 18 article about teaming of E*Trade Group and Instinet to offer after-hours trading to small investors misspelled surname of analyst who covers on-line trading at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter ; he is Henry M McVey
What 's interesting is that Virgin is putting its biggest emphasis on its subscription service , rather than on selling songs one at time for 99 cents a track , as Apple and Microsoft do .
The move gives Apple , which has long been pigeonholed as a niche player in the personal computer industry outside the Microsoft-Intel mainstream , access to major marketing channels and retail chains like Best Buy , CompUSA and Office Depot where Hewlett has a powerful presence .
( The music even fades in and out gracefully , a typical Apple touch . )
Microsoft Corp announces alliance with British Telecommunications to develop new ways to get access to Internet wirelessly using Windows CE , scaled-down version of Windows 98 used in hand-held digital devices ; graph ( S )
Priceline 's stock was trading for more than $ 50 a share then ; it closed yesterday at $ 5 .
''We consider market research an area of opportunity , '' said Sean Orr , executive vice president and chief financial officer at Interpublic .
While some Plaxo members say they would stay with Plaxo because their friends belong to the network and because they would prefer not to give their contact information to Microsoft , others say a more advanced and convenient product would tempt them to switch .
Boeing Co , facing legal problems at Pentagon and Justice Department , hires Jamie S Gorelick and Richard Cullen , politically experienced outside lawyers ; company is under fire for unethical handling of Pentagon contracts and trade secrets obtained from Lockheed Martin ; cases reviewed ( M )
In response , the company issued a statement , saying , ''Microsoft is committed to full compliance with the commission 's March 2004 decision and we are working closely with the commission and the monitoring trustee toward that goal . ''
''People have always underestimated Rupert Murdoch , '' said Mr. Myers , who pointed to Mr. Murdoch 's earlier ventures , Fox and Fox News Channel , which have succeeded despite early skepticism .
The company expects sales through Mattel.com to reach $ 60 million this year with profit margins far higher than for sales through traditional retailers .
Lawyers representing the farmers who filed the suit have said in court that some documents show that Monsanto and its competitors conspired to fix prices for years .
Peterson Milla , best known for creating ads for Target , the discount retailer , has worked with Mattel since 2000 , primarily on girls ' products , like clothes and electronics , with Barbie themes .
Nike spends about $ 250 million annually on advertising .
So what is Microsoft working on ?
Marriott International settles closely watched suit with In Town Hotels , owner of Charleston Marriott Town Center , Charleston , W Va ; accord is latest in which Marriott seems to have bowed to pressure from owners of hotels it manages , some of whom claim Marriott overcharges for its services and unfairly pockets vendor rebates for supplies ; Marriott agrees to renegotiate its core contract to manage hotel , forgo about $ 2 million in fees , lend company about $ 1 million to renovate hotel and make unspecified payments to Forest City Enterprises , In Town 's parent company , to develop separate hotel ( M )
They have always existed below the dominating music powers and are glad for any marketing muscle a company like Microsoft can provide .
Critical Shopper has long made a study of whether Tiffany , the store , and Tiffany , the embedded romantic image in the mind of the consumer , might be just as different .
Among the unusual initiatives : merchandise catalogs from Home Depot and the Estée Lauder Companies , a campaign sponsored by The New Yorker magazine to promote books as gifts , the hiring of a cast member of ''Queer Eye for the Straight Guy '' as a spokesman for Marshall Field 's department stores , Gap stores selling CD 's as a charity fund-raiser and commercials in Spanish for the Old Navy discount apparel chain .
He said if there were another match , he would insist it not be sponsored by I.B.M. , that it should be at least 10 games and 20 days long ( ''You have to give a human a chance to rest '' ) and that the previous games played by the computer must be available .
After years of little movement , Coke 's sales in North America , its largest market , increased 5 percent , feeding a newfound confidence among company executives .
Mr. Scott 's announcement signals that the nation 's largest retailer is joining the nation 's largest manufacturer , General Electric , in pursuing policies that set specific goals for environmental performance , while advertising those goals to shareholders and customers and the public as strategic business decisions .
''We had three good years where Goldman Sachs beat everyone on the Street every quarter , '' said Brad Hintz , a securities analyst at Sanford Bernstein .
In the meantime , CBS will rebroadcast some of the first season 's 22 episodes this summer .
Indeed , among the Valley 's digerati the company is now referred to as ''Jobs & Company , '' and Apple has adopted an almost Japanese-style adherence to the ideal of the unified team .
''There are a lot of people in the Finance Ministry who have seen everything they worked for gutted over the last three years , '' said Robert Alan Feldman , chief economist at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
Amazon.com has leased huge , highly mechanized warehouse near Reno , a sign that it intends to expand its own distribution system for books , music CD 's and videos it sells ; warehouse should help Amazon.com increase its operating margins by capturing profits at both retail and distribution levels ; move suggests that Amazon.com has decided against acquiring Baker & Taylor , No .
The prevailing feeling seems to echo that of a Procter & Gamble spokeswoman : ''The looming war has not impacted our business , and based on experience with the gulf war , we do n't anticipate disruptions . ''
According to E-mail records provided to the Justice Department by Microsoft , Mr. Allchin was trying to refute the testimony of Edward Felten , a Princeton University computer science expert who wrote a program to remove the browser from Windows and argued that including the browser in the operating system was ''inefficient . ''
The American Express Company said yesterday that its first-quarter earnings would decline about 18 percent from the period a year earlier , chiefly because of bigger-than-expected losses on its junk bond investments .
But the company recorded a $ 200 million after-tax gain resulting from the combination of two affiliated international bottlers , Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines Inc. and Coca-Cola Amatil .
To increase that share , Verizon would need to buy part or all of the 45 percent of Verizon Wireless owned by Vodafone .
Ford Motor Co says headquarters of its Lincoln-Mercury division will move to Irvine , Calif , marking first time division of one of Big Three domestic auto makers has moved out of Detroit area ; Robert L Rewey , Ford vice president for marketing , says company wants to be closer to trend-setting California market ; Asian auto makers have captured half of sales there , twice their share of national market , and most have put headquarters of their American operations in Southern California ; Asian auto makers have been poaching many of Detroit 's best executives for years by offering them more entrepreneurial business cultures and relief from Michigan winters ; Ford move may reverse this trend ( M )
Teamsters union , accusing Coca-Cola Co of 'closing its eyes ' to intimidation , torture and assassination of union workers who bottle its drinks , demands that company adopt and enforce strict labor standards for manufacture of its products around world ; union president James P Hoffa accuses company of standing by and abdicating responsibility for murder of eight union leaders who organized workers at Coke bottling plants in Colombia over last decade , charge company vehemently denies ; chief executive Douglas N Daft denies accusations and assure investors that murders had nothing to do with company , or many bottlers that supply it ; photo ( M )
Unlike Amazon 's book service , which offers its products at some of the deepest discounts available anywhere , Amazon will price the gift items in the midrange of market prices .
Now , the reaction to an outside threat is one of calculation as the holders of Microsoft stock study how the Justice Department suit affects their investment .
Mr. Ford 's critics in the industry contend that ''sometimes he 's a goody two-shoes green ; other times , he 's a businessman , '' a person close to Ford Motor leaders said .
LG IBM was implicated in a bribery scandal this year .
Both Johnson & Johnson and Boston Scientific are eager to get into the fast-growing market for defibrillators and other devices that electrically regulate heart rhythms .
For the large companies that dominate the communications industry , the decision emphasizes how companies like AT & T , WorldCom and Sprint face greater challenges to one of their main sources of revenue , long distance .
A.T. & T. AWARDED POLISH TELECOMMUNICATIONS CONTRACT
Mr. Platt said that both current Boeing employees and those outside the company would be considered .
But until more companies make their tools as good and easy to use as Apple 's ( or Apple decides to produce its product for the masses ) , video chat is likely to remain more of a novelty than a real tool .
MetLife said yesterday that it would buy Citigroup 's life insurance business in a deal valued at $ 11.5 billion , a move that strengthens its position as one of the largest companies in an industry that is continuing to consolidate .
For the quarter in 2001 , Apple reported net profit of $ 66 million , or 19 cents a share .
Some investors said they hesitated to buy Travelers stock because Sanford I. Weill , Citigroup 's chief executive , is regarded as such an astute buyer and seller of companies .
DuPont Co will pay more than $ 7.7 billion in cash and stock to buy remaining 80 percent of Pioneer Hi-Bred International , world 's largest producer of seed corn ; deal is part of DuPont 's effort to push aggressively into life sciences arena , where it would compete in race to create and develop genetically engineered seeds and crops ; DuPont hopes to sell altered seeds directly to farmers worldwide in tandem with its herbicides and pesticides ; if acquisition is approved by regulators , DuPont will take control of last remaining giant seed company , making it formidable competitor to Monsanto Co , which has acquired more than $ 8 billion worth of large seed companies in last two years ( M )
Shares of Pfizer rose $ 1.625 , to $ 109.6875 , while Boston Scientific increased $ 1.75 , to $ 62.75 .
In the battle over Mr. Purcell 's leadership , many Morgan Stanley executives were never quite clear about Mr. Lipton 's role .
Interpublic elaborated on its disclosure with a regulatory statement filed after the stock market closed March 17 , which stated that the release of data for the first quarter of 2005 would also be delayed and that the annual meeting , typically held in May , might have to be postponed .
Intel , which is based in Santa Clara , Calif. , said it had also developed new chip materials to reduce power leakage .
Microsoft argued anew that the government had not proved that Microsoft had ''monopoly power '' in the high-technology marketplace , and that the ''extreme '' decision by the trial judge to break up Microsoft was not justified by the facts of the case or by antitrust law .
Verizon officials have criticized the union for overspending on advertisements to bring attention to union leadership , instead of concentrating its efforts on negotiating a solution for its rank-and-file workers .
Merck says it was simply adhering to the study 's original design , and that the more recent chart reflects data that were not available to analyze in early 2005 .
Indeed , Iain Vallance , British Telecom 's chairman , was in New York at the Pierre Hotel this weekend and completed his negotiations with A.T. & T. as soon as Mr. McCaw had completed his at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel .
The Apple recall is the second-largest safety recall in the consumer electronics industry , after Dell 's .
Verizon spent $ 1.38 billion on advertising in 2005 while Cingular spent $ 1.23 billion , according to TNS Media Intelligence .
A group led by a former Coca-Cola benefits manager said today that it would press on with a boycott against the company despite a lack of support from major civil rights organizations .
An article in Business Day on Tuesday about Lockheed Martin 's effort to acquire Comsat reversed the rankings of Lockheed and Boeing in military sales .
In the end , the Citigroup negotiations may have been torpedoed by insiders at Deutsche Bank .
It dates back to the 1960 's and is named after Gordon Moore , the Intel co-founder who first identified it .
The documents , Congressional staff members said , raise questions about whether the Air Force overreached in assisting Boeing .
The shift for music players is tied , in large part , to Apple 's success .
When Bank of America , for example , spent $ 1.6 billion last year for a 24.9 percent stake in Banco Santander-Serfin , Mexico 's third-largest bank , it cited the growing strength of the Hispanic market in the United States as a reason .
Officials from Intel and the European Commission were not immediately available to comment .
In presenting those options , Starbucks is catering to its core customers .
''When companies like Ford or General Electric come into the market , they squeeze a lot of other , somewhat riskier credits out , '' said Gail D. Fosler , the chief economist at the Conference Board .
Young , an African-American human resources manager , says that in 22 years at Eastman Kodak he has never faced discrimination .
Verizon Wireless , owned by Verizon Communications and Vodafone , spends an additional $ 700 million to $ 800 million a year on regional ads as well as marketing communications like direct mail and store promotions .
Until recently , Amgen was still considered one of the biggest success stories of the fast-growing biotechnology industry .
The iPod Shuffle and the Mac Mini are bold attempts to shatter the common wisdom that Apple makes gorgeous , expensive things .
Cigna is a two-headed creature , formed in the 1982 merger of the Connecticut General Corporation , a traditional life and health insurer , and the INA Corporation , an aggressive property-casualty insurer based in Philadelphia .
The impasse threatened a further delay in carrying out the agreement under which General Motors is to take over Daewoo Motor with an initial payment of $ 400 million .
Wal-Mart To Close Store In Canada With a Union
And , as it has been Goodyear 's main international competitor , it was unlikely that their relationship would expand to other countries .
The NASD , the nation 's largest self-regulatory organization for the securities industry , accused Morgan Stanley yesterday of routinely failing to provide e-mail messages to aggrieved customers who had filed arbitration cases against the firm over three and a half years and with making false claims that millions of e-mail messages in its possession had been lost in the Sept. 11 attack on the World Trade Center .
Buoyed by its financial operations and cost-cutting , the Ford Motor Company said Thursday that it had narrowed its loss and handily beat Wall Street estimates for the second consecutive quarter .
But Aetna is not planning to sell all its overseas operations , which analysts have said might bring $ 4 billion .
In its suit , PeopleSoft said Oracle 's takeover offer was a ''sham '' aimed at hurting sales and destroying the company as a competitor .
Wal-Mart vigorously defends its health care policies , saying it offers affordable coverage for all employees .
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that Steven J. Heyer , the president of its new-ventures division , would assume oversight of one of the company 's most embattled economic markets : Latin America .
''These provisions address matters unrelated to the liability determinations upheld by the court of appeals -- and hence are more likely to harm than to promote competition , '' Microsoft 's lawyers wrote .
Wal-Mart 's chief executive H Lee Scott Jr says it is not worth effort to do business in New York because it is so expensive and exasperating , meeting with editors and reporters of New York Times ; much of opposition to Wal-Mart in cities like New York is led by unions ; organized labor , fearing that retailer 's low prices and modest wages will undercut unionized stores , have built anti-Wal-Mart alliances with members of city councils ; New York City Central Labor Council executive director Ed Ott welcomes news that retailer has no plans to enter New York market ; photo ( M )
Not long after the merger , he headed Citigroup 's investment bank .
Collection of lamps being is offered by Target Stores , in styles ranging from American Arts and Crafts to more contemporary designs ; photos ( S )
Corning and its rivals are increasingly confident that niche products that improve upon solid-core fibers could be a reality within five years .
Revenue for the commercial airplane division , which accounts for more than 60 percent of Boeing 's sales , rose $ 1.7 billion , to $ 9.8 billion .
For instance , when women browse Gap.com 's T-shirt section , they do not have to click to a new page to see details about the 16 shirts shown on each page .
did not say what it was looking for and that I.B.M .
Boeing said that the 777-200X would be the longest-range plane ever designed , carrying 300 passengers about 10,000 miles , 1,200 miles farther than the current model .
U.S. Pushes to Get a Microsoft Defense to Boomerang
Against this backdrop of euphoria , however , there was some uncertainty about precisely what the merger would mean for the airline industry , which would see the number of big aircraft makers shrink from three to two , leaving only Airbus and Boeing .
During the ensuing 24 years , the relationship between the press and Mr. Jobs has remained remarkably consistent : while fostering intense secrecy both at Apple and at Next Inc. , the company he sold to Apple in 1996 , he has at the same time become a master of orchestrating new product buzz .
Ford Motor Co plans to start installing hollow , energy-absorbing steel bars below front and rear bumpers of all its industrial-size pickup trucks in 2001 model year to reduce risk that they will ride over cars in crashes ; Ford is also studying feasibility of adding such bars to some four-wheel-drive vehicles ( M )
And despite the interest of some of the big private equity firms in acquiring all of Adelphia , several private equity executives expressed worry that ''we 're just being set up as a cover bid for Time Warner and Comcast , '' as one of them put it .
General Motors executives told financial analysts yesterday that they were making progress in their efforts to become profitable again , but that rising gas prices and continuing negotiations over labor costs were complicating the company 's comeback bid .
Home Depot board dismisses chairman and chief executive Robert L Nardelli with $ 210 million exit package ; surprise move comes only two weeks after board publicly supported him amid mounting questions about his compensation , business strategy and autocratic management style ; Nardelli reportedly challenged efforts of directors who sought in recent months to rein in his compensation under terms of his current contract ; over six years as chief executive , he has taken home $ 64 million and was on track to earn hundreds of millions more ; his fall is latest illustration of chief executives and boards coming under pressure when rich executive pay yields few apparent returns in form of rising stock price or improving profits ; outsize executive pay has increasingly become flash point for investors , lawmakers and regulators ; in Nardelli 's case , critics are also incensed by his gold-plated exit ; photos ( M )
The Office personal computer software represents nearly half of Microsoft 's business .
service can also provide a first line of defense in an increasingly networked world where attacks tend be both instantaneous and huge , I.B.M .
Burnett is contributing the winter commercial , a funny spot about a parrot that mimics the sound of a Coca-Cola bottle opening , a lavish commercial centered on children 's first taste of Coke , and a spot in which a large crowd at a rock concert turns into effervescent bubbles .
Microsoft 's senior vice president Eric Rudder is seen as possible heir to co-founder Bill Gates and chief executive Steven A Ballmer ; both Gates and Ballmer are only 49 , and neither has suggested that he wants to step aside soon ; Rudder has led Microsoft 's fast-growing business for server products for two years ; Gates and Ballmer , by putting Rudder in charge of business earmarked for near-term growth , have singled him out as likely front-runner among next generation of leaders ; graphs ; photos ( M )
State Representative Jeff Morris , a Democrat , said lawmakers want to give Boeing tax relief worth at least $ 100 million a year over two decades .
To ensure that Microsoft shares technical information with all hardware , software and computer makers that are entitled to it , Microsoft must create ''a secure facility '' where representatives of those companies can study it .
In a memo sent to CBS employees announcing Mr. Imus 's dismissal , Mr. Moonves said : ''This is about a lot more than Imus .
A Pfizer spokesman confirmed that Peter C. Brandt , the 49-year-old executive who headed United States pharmaceutical operations and had been given extra responsibilities as recently as August , would retire because his job was being eliminated by the sales overhaul .
Bad news is relative if you 're an investor in the online retail giant Amazon.com .
Spyware protection is a nice feature to have , although not worth paying for ; behind the scenes , it 's just Windows Defender , a free Microsoft program .
and Ford Motor have begun offering gasoline discount cards as a come-on to customers of their big vehicles .
Testimony of Sun Microsystems Inc vice president Dr James A Gosling in antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp is made public ; he charges Microsoft broke pledge not to change Java programming language on its own in bid to eliminate threat posed by Java technology to its operating system monopoly ( M )
Cisco Systems said yesterday in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that it repurchased $ 1.1 billion of its own stock during its first quarter .
But the consortium 's effort to transform itself into a conventional corporation -- a move both Airbus executives and industry analysts see as crucial for competing with Boeing over the long run -- has stalled , sowing doubts that it will ever happen .
Separately , Cisco said it had agreed to acquire Aironet Wireless Communications of Akron , Ohio , in a stock swap worth about $ 799 million .
Aetna , the nation 's largest managed-care insurer , settled a lawsuit in Texas yesterday by agreeing to change several practices that doctors and consumer advocates portrayed as undermining patient care , like rewarding physicians who stayed within cost limits .
A former senior executive at General Motors has been indicted on charges of defrauding the company by taking boxes of its confidential documents with him when he jumped to a top job at Volkswagen in 1993 , reviving one of the most celebrated cases in recent years involving accusations of industrial espionage .
I.B.M .
Nike naturally looks to create interest around Woods , especially around the time of golf 's four major tournaments .
Michael Lacovara , a Microsoft lawyer , ended his friendly examination of Mr. Schmalensee this morning with a long series of questions about Web-based applications -- software programs that reside on the Web and are used while on line .
An appeals court upheld part of Judge Jackson 's ruling but overturned the breakup order and removed him from the case before sending it back to the district court to determine what penalties Microsoft should face .
The Cell has a modular design based on a slightly less powerful I.B.M .
Several staff functions , like the legal and human resources departments , will be centralized to take better advantage of Citigroup 's size .
At Netscape , Jim Barksdale expresses some irritation at all the recent commentary about Microsoft 's advance in the browser market .
Citigroup chairman Sanford I Weill can not seem to arouse interest in publishing his memoir because of image problem he acknowledges in wake of scandal over his role in Wall Street conflicts of interest ; memoir was being offered for as much as $ 3 million ; Weill 's book proposal , which has been withdrawn , emphasized his learning importance of rectitude from his father 's unethical mistakes ; photo ( M )
''Oracle needs a big wave of automation of front-office functions running on the Oracle data base . ''
''It is a trend that I do n't think is going to disappear , '' said Sister Barbara Aires , coordinator of corporate responsibility for the Sisters of Charity of St. Elizabeth in New Jersey , who introduced the resolution today at Southern 's meeting in Georgia .
On Tuesday , for the first time ever , a Hollywood movie will be digitally transmitted across the country over the Internet and then digitally projected to a cinema audience , going from the studio in Hollywood to a theater in Atlanta without ever touching film , officials at 20th Century Fox and Cisco Systems said .
One marketing official of an on-line store that has a multimillion-dollar contract for Microsoft to send shoppers to its site was flabbergasted when MSN officials asked the advertiser to put links on its site to send surfers back to MSN after shopping .
It is unclear if Cablevision ever posed a true threat to News Corporation 's bid for Hughes because privately , G.M .
Any expansion of technology helps Microsoft , of course , especially when it gives the company 's software more exposure .
''They need to come up with another identity that they can still say , 'This is Nike , ' but it 's something beyond the swoosh . ''
Still , Whirlpool 's $ 18-a-share bid is difficult to turn down compared with Ripplewood 's offer , which is worth $ 14 a share .
Ford Motor Co decides not to build second generation of Excursion sport utility vehicle , which is seven feet tall and able to seat a softball team ; Excursion , cited by critics as industry 's most visible symbol of sport utility vehicle excess , is expected to be discontinued at conclusion of 2004 model year ; was introduced in 1999 as 2000 model year vehicle ; photo ( M )
Morgan Stanley and Lazard advised Viacom on its plan to split into two companies .
Omnicom Group and True North Communications are squaring off in huge advertising review called by DaimlerChrysler Group unit of DamilerChrysler AG ; assignments , with spending estimated at $ 1.3 billion , are now divided between Southfield , Mich , offices of BBDO Worldwide , part of Omnicom , and FCB Worldwide , part of True North ( M )
The Aetna Corporation , which has been in talks to sell its financial and international units to ING Groep , the Dutch financial services company , has yet to resolve key issues in the deal , people close to the talks said yesterday .
In New York yesterday , William H. Gates , the chairman of Microsoft , said he was eager to settle his company 's antitrust case , but also heaped scorn on the Government 's suit .
American business expects the World Trade Organization 's pronouncements on antidumping rules to ease the restrictions on steel imports -- a prospect pleasing to companies like Caterpillar , a steel user , and not very pleasing to domestic steel producers like the Sandmeyer Steel Company of Philadelphia .
Coca-Cola had commissioned Rockwell to do six paintings , and it now owns three of them .
In the corporate market , Microsoft sells not only software for desktop PC 's but also the software for the big data-serving computers that power corporate networks .
''This is about explaining the business value proposition of the Microsoft brand , '' said Mich Mathews , senior vice president for marketing .
Although some Web sites are chosen as hackers ' targets for their political significance -- an Iraqi government site was defaced during the war with the message , ''Hacked , tracked , and now owned by the U.S.A. '' -- most such vandalism is carried out by hackers using automated programs that simply search for any vulnerable machine , said Vincent Weafer , the senior director of a Symantec security response unit .
The message was part of 188 pages of evidence filed in Federal court in Salt Lake City by Caldera , a software company that is suing Microsoft for as much as $ 1.6 billion .
Under the agreement , Kodak will provide products like film and cameras exclusively to the Universal theme parks in the United States .
Microsoft 's server software sales are now running at $ 10 billion a year , rising 17 percent in the most recent quarter .
Series of legal actions filed by Apple Computer over last month highlights difficulties of defining who is journalist in age of Web log ; company obtained court order allowing it to issue subpoenas to AppleInsider.com , PowerPage.org and Thinksecret.com as part of lawsuit filed on Dec 13 ; three Web sites published or linked to information on what they said was future Apple audio device that was code-named 'Asteroid ' ; subponenas are aimed at getting operators of those site to disclose sources of information that was reportedly leaked ; attorney representing AppleInsider and PowerPage asserted that bloggers ought to be extended same protections as mainstream journalists , who have traditionally been given some latitude by courts in protecting identities of confidential sources ( M )
While Microsoft clearly won the browser wars with Netscape that prompted the government 's antitrust case , the new lawsuit represents an effort by RealNetworks to avoid a similar fate in the market for software used to play music and watch videos on computers and hand-held devices .
Apple , according to analysts , has become increasingly alarmed by I.B.M .
Wal-Mart 's policy requires management approval before any photos are turned over to a third party , Mr. Wertz said .
Confounding the skeptics yet again , a resurgent Apple Computer Inc. exceeded earnings estimates made by Wall Street analysts for the third consecutive quarter today .
Mr. Clark was in a particularly tough spot because Mr. Icahn is mounting a proxy fight for control of a majority of Time Warner board seats , which could have resulted in the removal of Mr. Clark .
In a court filing today , Microsoft said the company ''welcomes the court 's interest in the technical subjects underlying this appeal and believes that the background provided by the review session will assist the court in resolving the case . ''
''Real understands how incredibly powerful the Microsoft music initiative will be , '' said Richard Doherty , a computer industry consultant and president of Envisioneering .
A front-page article yesterday about the decision by Microsoft to stop giving stock options to employees misstated the date and price of the peak in the company 's shares .
Intel Shares Fall on News Of Unexpected Write-Off
James R Houghton , former Corning Inc chairman , is named chairman of Metropolitan Museum of Art , succeeding Arthur Ochs Sulzberger of The New York Times , who is retiring ; David E McKinney will succeed William H Luers as museum president ; he will report not to board but to Philippe de Montebello , who has been named chief executive in charge of all museum operations ; photo ; McKinney , 64 , brings strong business background from many years with IBM , which de Montebello says will be strong asset as museum plans for renovations , new technology and cuts in funding from Reader 's Digest ; de Montebello had strained relationship with Luers ; museum 's expansion during Sulzberger 's tenure noted ( M )
And Geocities users objected to the new terms and conditions that Yahoo imposed , which largely gave it ownership of the pages that users created .
One possible reason for the shift may be that Kodak executives like Carl Gustin , chief marketing officer , have strongly praised Ogilvy 's recent work on a corporate brand campaign .
Whether Microsoft is violating its 1995 consent decree by tying one product to another is something the courts must decide in the months ahead , while the Justice Department is also weighing a broader antitrust suit against the software giant .
Intel also signaled its intention to push even more forcefully into the new market for PC 's priced below $ 1,000 .
Henry Blodget , Merrill Lynch 's Internet analyst , suggested that Yahoo could pay up to $ 300 a share for eBay -- or $ 40 billion -- without suffering any significant dilution in its earnings .
Correction : October 12 , 1999 , Tuesday Because of an editing error , an article on Friday about a Coast Guard inquiry into a fire on Sept. 19 aboard the Carnival Cruise Lines ship Tropicale misstated the length of time the ship was disabled .
In ordering the breakup of Microsoft -- which , until the court entered its findings of fact , had the largest market capitalization in the world -- the court did not even grant Microsoft leave to depose the six individuals who submitted declarations in support of plaintiffs ' proposed remedies .
Motorola has always been its own best customer .
General Motors Corp seeks to gain edge in foreign competition to acquire Daewoo Motor Co , saying it wants to preserve ailing South Korean automakers ' national identity ; statement by GM comes against backdrop of rising concern among Daewoo Motor employees about their fate ; their union has protested what it calls rushed effort by Daewoo creditors to sell company to overseas buyer , and it has scheduled Jan 21 meeting to decide whether to strike ( M )
While RealNetworks ' online store is the only one besides Apple 's to sell songs in the protected iPod format , other companies sell them in the MP3 format , which the player can also use .
James J. Mulva , chief executive of ConocoPhillips , and Mr. Alekperov , chief of Lukoil , met with President Vladimir V. Putin in southern Russia in the summer .
Indeed , General Electric has been successfully sued in the past on illegally adopting a rival 's technology .
Time Warner says it will sell its stake in American Lawyer Media , parent of American Lawyer trade paper , but will keep its interest in Court TV ; Steven Brill will leave paper and cable channel he founded ; Time Warner and Brill together own American Lawyer Media , which in turn has option to buy 20 percent of Court TV from Time Warner ; Court TV is owned equally by Time Warner , NBC and Liberty Media ; Brill sought to put together group , including NBC , to buy Time Warner 's stake in Court TV and American Lawyer Media and combine two operations ; that plan was reportedly thwarted by Ted Turner , who oversees Time Warner cable programming , and is said to be concerned about NBC 's increased ownership of rival cable service to Time Warner 's Cable Network News ( M )
There were , for example , Betsy and Marc Rosen , who moved to Benton County from Chicago in 2000 after Mr. Rosen was offered a job in Wal-Mart 's technology department .
Amazon.com reports first-quarter loss of $ 308 million , five times its loss a year earlier , but sales rose 95 percent , beating forecasts ; Amazon says investors should focus on its pro-forma loss , which excludes cost of stock options , merger costs and share of losses in which it has invested ; on that basis , company lost $ 122 million , compared with loss of $ 36 million a year earlier ; company posts sales of $ 574 million , up 95 percent from $ 293.6 million a year earlier ( M )
The Government 's case , most antitrust experts agree , is a mixed bag of stronger and weaker claims -- all of which Microsoft will try to refute when it begins its defense next week .
North American International Auto Show highlights changes in auto industry ; automakers are shifting focus and company images ; foreign companies such as Toyota and China 's Changfeng Motor are gaining ground on American favorites Ford , General Motors and Chrysler ; auto show reminds American automakers of difficulties they face as international competition becomes stronger and better than domestic offerings ; photos ( M )
Potato Head , the children 's toy , from Hasbro for an undisclosed sum .
Fred D. Anderson , Apple 's chief financial officer , said in a conference call with analysts that the company 's goal was to increase inventory turnovers to 30 .
( It is a Mini-Me version of Apple 's magnificent but magnificently priced 22-inch Cinema Display , which at $ 3,999 goes beyond the resources of even a pirate chest . )
Yahoo 's shares moved up 19 cents to $ 35.29 at the close of the market , their highest level since February 2001 .
Arthur Hauspurg , former chairman of Consolidated Edison Inc , dies at age 77 ; photo ( S )
Universal said on Stereogum that it had sent the letter by fax and registered mail to Bank of America last Monday .
Coca-Cola will take a new tack to appeal to diet-soda drinkers .
Citigroup has long carried the mantle as the world 's biggest bank in the world 's financial capital -- big deals , big ambitions and in the last few years , big costs .
The I.B.M .
Fleishman-Hillard , public relations agency owned by Omnicom Group , and Fuld & Co , business intelligence consulting company , form partnership enabling them to offer clients access to each other 's services ( S )
These senators included Charles E. Grassley , an Iowa Republican and chairman of the Senate Finance Committee ; John Warner , Republican of Virginia and chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee ; and John McCain , an Arizona Republican and a longtime Boeing critic who is leading new investigations into weapons spending .
The iTunes service offers some 500,000 songs ( Sony promises that number for its own service ) , and Apple reports more than 30 million downloads to date .
His creation , called Spring , runs on Apple Computer 's latest operating system , OS X , and replaces icons for software applications and Web sites with representations of people , places , and things that can be connected .
Home Depot 's strongest rival here is Menards , based in Eau Claire , Wis. , one of the fastest-growing hardware chains in the nation .
And yet , there was much for both NBC and ABC to celebrate in the ratings estimates for last week , considering that CBS has trumpeted Ms. Couric 's arrival on the evening news with a huge marketing campaign .
They slipped 2.7 percent on Thursday , after the Microsoft partnership with Novell , Red Hat 's main competitor as a Linux company , was announced .
Sharp will contribute its imaging censors , flash memory chips and liquid crystal displays ; Texas Instruments will add communication chips and processors that support multimedia functions like video .
The ruling sets a precedent that threatens to crimp Tesco 's practice of selling at a discount many ''gray market '' designer goods , like Nike sneakers and Calvin Klein underwear .
But Xerox the Printer Company ?
It competes with America Online 's AOL for Broadband , which costs $ 14.95 a month , and a similar service from Microsoft 's MSN at $ 9.95 a month .
Yahoo says it will stop offering its own auctions in six European countries and promote eBay 's service instead ; says decision will help it to force better on areas where it has leading positions , including online travel and e-commerce ( M )
Sun executives , who disclosed the lawsuit in a morning teleconference with reporters and analysts , said that besides failing to include the two Java components , Microsoft had systematically modified a portion of a fundamental component of the language called the Java class hierarchy , an array of programming functions that programmers use in their applications .
They found that Mr. Gabbard , acting alone , had taped phone conversations between members of Wal-Mart 's media relations staff and this reporter of The New York Times .
Dow Corning 's proposal would cover a wide variety of implants in men and women , though the vast majority are breast implants .
But Boeing said that requests by the department 's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs were out of line .
Wal-Mart 's Mexican banks will operate in spaces carved out of many of these stores , as opposed to building or buying freestanding structures .
The Sept. 11 attacks , combined with the plummeting economy , wreaked havoc with the market for cockpit controls , plane parts and other aerospace-related items , which provide about 40 percent of Honeywell 's sales and even more of its profits .
The deal is central to A.T. & T. 's broader strategy of building an entire industry around the idea of on-line amusement and entertainment .
''This will enable us to scale and become efficient quickly in this fast- growing market , '' said Brian Harrison , an Intel executive who was named vice president and general manager of the company 's flash memory business , including the new venture .
The settlement with Coca-Cola will apply in all European markets where Coke has a market share of 40 percent or more .
For the last few years , no goal has been more important to the Microsoft Corporation than building up its Windows NT operating system so it can handle tasks now assigned to I.B.M .
SHAKE-UP AT MORGAN STANLEY : THE FALLOUT
With its sales flat and its profits under pressure , Pfizer will announce plans to trim its spending at a meeting today with investors , drug industry analysts say .
Web search ads from Google , Yahoo and others represented baby steps in the direction of personalized advertising , giving marketers the means to reach prospective customers when they searched for words related to the company 's products .
To Fadel Gheit , a longtime industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Company in New York , Mr. Tillerson certainly presents a kinder , gentler face for Exxon .
For the past six months Mr. Coover , an English professor at Brown , and 18 of his students have been developing works for the virtual-reality chamber as part of an I.B.M.-sponsored graphics-research project .
For Accenture , which has turned lobbyists loose on Capitol Hill to seek a change or clarification in the legislative language , the threat is significant .
Citigroup Inc says first-quarter profits jumped 9 percent , surpassing analysts ' estimates ; company earned $ 2.36 billion compared with $ 2.16 billion in first quarter of last year ; revenue was $ 14.5 billion , up 15 percent from $ 12.6 billion last year ; co-chief executive John S Reed comments ; BankAmerica says earnings in quarter rose 44 percent , to $ 1.91 billion from $ 1.33 billion last year ; revenue dropped 4 percent , to $ 7.8 billion from $ 8.1 billion a year ago ( M )
The licensing deal with Microsoft ( which left Microsoft free to sell its system to others ) was only one fateful decision in I.B.M .
''The Conrail directors are not in a position to live up to their own fiduciary duties , even if they wanted to , '' Professor Coffee , who testified for Norfolk Southern , said .
Kodak lost $ 146 million , or 51 cents a share , in the second quarter on revenue of $ 3.7 billion .
Canadian Automobile Workers strike against General Motors in Canada widens as GM chairman John F Smith Jr holds firm needs to cut costs , news conference ; union , which now has all 26,000 GM workers on strike , demands broad curbs on GM 's ability to shrink work force further and buy more parts from outside vendors ; analysts warn strike could last several weeks , threatening over 100,000 United States workers with temporary layoffs ( M )
Professor Gronas , who teaches Russian literature , used customer reviews on Amazon in order to study how tastes inform what people read .
The company 's chairman and chief executive , Louis V. Gerstner Jr. , said in a statement that I.B.M .
But to its many critics , Exxon , based in Irving , Tex. , is locked in an increasingly frustrating race for additional oil supplies and is failing to help develop alternative fuels , curb consumption and act on the real threat of global warming .
And in perhaps the most extreme example of what many magazine executives see as a troubling trend toward heavy editorial pressure from big advertisers , the International Business Machines Corporation has struck back .
But with opposition in Europe and competition worldwide -- InterTrust , Macrovision , RealNetworks , Apple Computer , Adobe Systems , Sony and others are promoting different variations on the digital-rights management theme -- it is not yet clear that Microsoft 's brand of electronic lock for content will be crowned king .
The I.B.M .
One is the National Retail Federation in Washington , which represents thousands of chains from Federated Department Stores to Crate & Barrel , whose database goes on line this month ; another is the Retail Industry Leaders Association in Arlington , Va. , which focuses on discount retailers like Wal-Mart and Target .
Apple , riding high on the popularity of its iPod music player , repeated that it would most likely need to restate past financial statements , but said it had not yet determined the amount or for which periods .
But winning antitrust approval for the Pharmacia deal , which Pfizer hopes to close next month , has obliged Pfizer to sell it and several other drugs in fields where Pfizer and Pharmacia together would be too dominant .
''Consumers are getting an attractive flat-rate price from the top brand in the category , and we 're getting price stability and a recurring revenue stream , '' said Betsy J. Bernard , chief executive of AT & T 's consumer long-distance unit .
Analysts said Intel 's strong fourth-quarter results reflected the success of the company 's strategy to segment the market , by offering the Celeron chip at the low end , its mainstay Pentium II in the middle , and the Pentium Xeon at the high end .
Boeing estimates the wide-body jet market in Russia and other former Soviet republics at around 130 aircraft over the next 20 years .
Executives of office supply giants Staples Inc and Office Depot Inc say that their proposed merger is almost certainly dead after Federal Judge Thomas F Hogan issues order temporarily blocking $ 4 billion combination ; Hogan rules that proposed merger would drastically reduce competition in office products business ( L )
Investors reacted to all of the news out of Citigroup by sending its shares up 6.25 cents each , to $ 57.9375 .
Executives at Coca-Cola and its ad agencies , McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising in New York and Berlin Cameron/Red Cell , said the campaign aims to link the brand with the notion of authenticity and genuine moments in people 's lives .
Then , the Tarahumara Indians taught him a lesson that even Nike is now starting to embrace : the best shoe may be no shoe at all .
The theory , Mr. Berlinger said , is that Caterpillar knows how to track equipment and inure it to cold , dusty environments , while the aerospace companies have the military contacts Caterpillar needs .
Ford Motor Co reports its sales fell 2.2 percent in November ; final tally of monthly auto sales shows American companies lost ground to Japanese and European competitors ; Big Three American auto makers built 72.1 percent of cars and trucks sold in United States in November , down three percentage points from year-ago figure ; foreign auto makers , especially Honda and Toyota , gain market share given up by American companies ; General Motors Corp 's market share dips below 30 percent for third month this year ; charts ( M )
The first four are to be in Dallas , Philadelphia , Sterling , Va. , and near San Jose , Calif. Over the next seven years , Qwest intends to pay I.B.M .
As for the former I.B.M.-ers , some said that they thought the new factory was great news , particularly as a psychological boost .
That would probably be enough to convert every MCI and Sprint customer and reinforce not a few wobbly A.T. & T. customers to boot .
Pfizer will phase out its Brooklyn manufac
Stock prices , already weighed down by fears about interest rates and the dollar , fell hard yesterday after the president of Microsoft said high-technology companies like his were considerably overvalued .
EBay is trying to minimize this competition by showing ads for what it calls complementary products , like accessories , rather than for the products being auctioned .
Motorola , of Schaumburg , Ill. , reported a first-quarter loss of $ 181 million , or 8 cents a share , in contrast to a profit of $ 686 million , or 27 cents a share , in the period a year earlier .
Study from United States Commission on Civil Rights states firms on Wall Street deserve credit for having started to embrace diversity despite their poor track record on hiring and promoting women and minorities ; commission applauds efforts of some firms -- Citigroup , Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co -- to recruit more women and minorities and to consider them for promotion to high-paying jobs ( M )
''Given how aggressively Marriott and Starwood have moved to position their brands in the mind of consumers , it does make sense that Hyatt is taking a broader approach , '' said David Anders , lodging analyst for Merrill Lynch .
The more significant announcement for the software business , industry analysts agree , came a few hours later from the Netscape Communications Corporation , Microsoft 's main rival in the browser market .
According to the court documents , Yahoo provided records that showed that Mr. Shi used a computer at his workplace , Contemporary Business News in Changsha , late in the evening of April 20 , 2004 , to gain access to his Yahoo e-mail account .
Miles L. Marsh , Morgan Stanley 's new lead director , made clear the board would look for a successor who supported an integrated model .
Mr. Lampson , who also previously worked at Digital Equipment , came to Microsoft four years ago to work with Nathan Myhrvold , who recently took a leave of absence as the company 's head of research .
Mattel was down 75 cents , closing at $ 29.875 .
Cisco also announced a separate $ 200 million investment in Softbank , as well as a repurchase of Softbank 's stake in Cisco Systems KK , Cisco 's Japanese sales and marketing unit , for $ 275 million .
In May , Sony cut its price on PlayStation 2 in North America to $ 199 from $ 299 -- a day before Microsoft made a similar cut in its pricing of Xbox .
''The personal computer industry has benefited greatly by the establishment of technology standards , but they happen to be owned by Microsoft , '' observed Richard Shaffer , principal of Technologic Partners , a consulting firm in New York and San Francisco .
Motorola said now that the new products are reaching market , it expects sales in the current quarter to be 20 to 25 percent higher than in the first quarter of 2003 .
''Everything I 've seen suggests that Fortune does n't pull any punches , '' said Steven Brill , who sold The American Lawyer and Court TV to Time Warner last year and is starting Content magazine in June , which is expected to be tough on the media .
''But everybody in the community is happy about I.B.M .
But Marc L. Andreessen , one of Netscape 's founders and its executive vice president for products , said that given the company 's death race with Microsoft , it had little choice .
But the Sears building , with its wide footprint , would thwart the effort , blocking the views of all the proposed development , including a view of the Campbell headquarters , the company said .
Many analysts believe that conclusion of the deal will further deepen the fault lines between AT & T and the regional Bell companies .
The commission ordered that Microsoft make room for rival programs by offering a second version of its Windows operating system without the Media Player program .
Molson Inc. of Canada and Heineken , based in the Netherlands , have joined forces to form Brazil 's second-biggest brewer through the merger of the Kaiser Group , in which Heineken has a 14 percent stake , and the smaller Bavaria Group , controlled by Molson .
After an appeals court in June 2001 upheld trial court findings that Microsoft had illegally maintained its Windows monopoly in computer operating systems , the case was sent back to Judge Kollar-Kotelly to fashion a remedy that would prevent the company from repeating its misdeeds .
The court-appointed mediator , Richard A. Posner , chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals in Chicago , has laid out an aggressive weeklong schedule of proposals and counterproposals between Microsoft and the Department of Justice .
''Working Families for Wal-Mart was created in December as part of a broad response to a well-financed campaign waged against the company by two large unions .
Wal-Mart and Home Depot Post Sharply Higher Profit
The I.B.M.-A.T. & T. bid is the likely winner , Howard Anderson , managing director of the Yankee Group consulting firm , predicted late last week .
If Monsanto were to offer him genetically modified seeds engineered specifically for the region 's climate and soil , he said he would not think twice about buying them and paying royalties to the company .
Pfizer Drug For Diabetes Is Lagging
''Wal-Mart has to get them to put more into their carts . ''
An accompanying editorial said the drug 's sponsors , Bristol-Myers Squibb and Merck , had been ''disingenuous '' in submitting data to the Food and Drug Administration that ''may have fostered an illusion of safety . ''
People close to Cablevision said last week that one particularly attractive scenario for the company might be to combine Cablevision 's systems with AOL Time Warner 's cable operations in Manhattan and the Bronx to create a New York area behemoth that could be run as some sort of joint venture .
As stunned customers look on , she drinks an entire Coke in one extended gulp , puts the bottle down and belches loudly , becoming embarrassed only after she realizes that people are watching .
Under the previous agreement , the News Corporation was to acquire 50 percent of Echostar for $ 1 billion .
''The steps we are taking are the strong prescription we believe is needed to acknowledge past mistakes , '' said Robert S. Miller , acting chairman and chief executive of Waste Management .
Motorola also shook up its executive ranks yesterday .
Todd S. Thomson , the chief financial officer of Citigroup , said he was optimistic that the purchase would be approved before the end of the year .
For Microsoft -- accused of bullying competitors , bribing allies and forcing customers to use the company 's products , like them or not -- one general defense has come down to this : So what ?
Consciously or not , the tens of thousands of General Motors workers who face decisions about the company 's buyout offers before an early June deadline are getting a crash course in medical cost-benefit analysis .
It did not specify the amount of the damages it is seeking , but Intel earned $ 5.2 billion last year , largely from the sale of its Pentium chips .
Few companies can rival Boeing 's influence in the capital .
Mr. Gates said in a telephone interview today that discussions between Apple and Microsoft had been taking place off and on since a previous chief executive , Michael Spindler , left Apple to make way for Mr. Amelio in early 1996 .
Citigroup helped Parmalat set up an offshore investment vehicle to shift loans between units of the company .
That is believed to give it a substantial lead over Microsoft , which developed a competing technology , known as Netshow , then later hedged its bets by paying tens of millions of dollars for an equity stake in Real Networks .
He said Intel arrived in Ireland in 1989 , when the unemployment rate was 15 percent and hardly anyone here had even heard of stock options .
Sit Arthur in front of a computer running an Arthur CD-ROM ( by Microsoft ; $ 35 ) or the PBS Arthur Web site ( underwritten by Microsoft ) and the doll will help the child solve on-screen puzzles and games .
For example , one internal E-mail from Gateway Inc. , a large personal computer maker , described a conversation with a Microsoft executive in February 1997 , suggesting that Microsoft used its market muscle to force PC makers to adopt Internet Explorer .
American Express maintains that it developed the campaign in the spring and summer of 2004 ; the Ogilvy agency , American Express said , came up with the tagline before July 30 .
Microsoft Corp moves quickly in filing court plea overnight , asking for an immediate stay of ruling Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson entered against the company ; offers expansive reasoning for request , saying the judgment will , among other things , 'inflict grievous and irreparable harm on Microsoft and its 35,000 employees ' ; as matter of legal routine , appeal goes to Judge Jackson ( M )
Then the Wal-Mart Jews arrived .
Battle for control of American Bankers Insurance Group Inc intensifies when Cendant Corp accuses American International Group Inc of false and misleading tactics ; Cendant says American International Group falsely suggested that it expected to close its deal to acquire American Bankers sooner than was actually likely to discourage American Bankers ' shareholder support for higher offer ( S )
But , as with Kmart , the value of Sears 's real estate should provide a financial safety cushion should the combined company continue to lose ground to rival Wal-Mart .
Unfortunately for Wal-Mart Canada , it did not meet the expectations of its parent in Bentonville , Ark .
Last month , Overture Services , which sells advertising that appears on Yahoo , Microsoft 's MSN and other search engines , stopped taking advertising for Internet pharmacies .
Or you can use iSight , the new $ 150 camera-microphone appliance that Apple unveiled Monday as an optional partner for iChat AV .
She added that investors should have no fear that she will leave Lucent after less than 18 months , as she did Boeing .
''It is our intention to continue supplying our product to the North Korean market , '' said John Gustaveson , a spokesman for Coca-Cola in South Korea .
Morgan Stanley declined to comment on its efforts to get the arbitrators to rewrite the justification for their award .
And there are people on eBay who say that their auction profits are rising , not falling .
Amazon.com offers 30 percent off almost every hardcover .
Last December , AT & T agreed to sell its cable television business , the nation 's largest , to Comcast for about $ 47 billion in stock .
As recently as two days ago , for instance , some Wall Street analysts said that they did not expect Johnson & Johnson to raise its $ 21.5 billion offer , citing what they described as the company 's ''financial discipline . ''
By Wal-Mart 's calculations , the union 's position on scheduling would have required adding 30 employees to the store 's work force of 190 .
Indeed , Mr. Greenspan must have been as alarmed by Monday 's announcement by Cisco Systems , the maker of Internet equipment , that it would write off a huge $ 2.5 billion in excess inventory as he has been by any economic report .
Morgan Stanley 's stock soared by $ 7.875 a share on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , to $ 54.25 .
Microsoft was helped by the increase , but not as much as Intel , the leading producer of microprocessors , because software piracy is commonplace in some high-growth markets in Asia like China and India .
''We know Visa and American Express are healthy competitors , and we felt perfectly within our rights . ''
Analysis : Citigroup executives are racing to resolve multiple investigations into research practices at is Salomon Smith Barney unit ; must also contend with possibility that Jack B Grubman , former star telecommunications analyst who is focus of regulatory and prosecutorial scrutiny , may try to implicate some of his superiors to shift blame for any wrongdoing that may be uncovered ; such possibility seems to weighing on Citigroup shares ; securities lawyers say trying to implicate others at Citigroup would be risky for Grubman because he has maintained that his relentlessly optimistic research reports on failed telecommunications companies were based on his beliefs that their operations would prosper ; arguing executives at Salomon pressed him to keep strong ratings on stocks that he had misgivings about might help Grubman unload some responsibility for losses that investors incurred by following his advice ; stance could help regulators prove that Grubman misled investors by hiding his true views ; such misrepresentation by analyst is violation of securities laws ( M )
Michael Evans , co-head of global sales and trading and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asia ; Michael S. Sherwood , another co-head of global sales and trading and co-chief executive of Goldman Sachs International ; and Thomas K. Montag , co-head of global sales and trading and co-president of Goldman Sachs Japan , are also in the running , according to a person close to the board .
`` We 're seeing the customers who are Amazon Prime members are shopping more and doing more cross-shopping , '' he said in a conference with analysts .
Preston Padden , Disney 's Washington lobbyist , who is advising the company 's negotiators , said Disney feared that Time Warner would hinder other entertainment companies from offering interactive programming over its cable lines while promoting its own .
SERGIO ZYMAN , the marketing executive widely credited with shaking awake a slumbering , hidebound Coca-Cola Company and teaching it to sing a more youthful tune , has resigned .
While Mr. Sidwell at Morgan Stanley expressed confidence in most of the firm 's business units -- including the Discover credit card operation , the investment management unit and the institutional securities group -- he said the retail brokerage business needed to improve .
Sanyo Buys Access to Technology From I.B.M .
At that point , he said both Microsoft and PlayStation 3 will have been in the market for more than a year , and will be vying head-to-head for mainstream game players .
Larry Ellison , Oracle 's chairman and chief executive , said that during the last quarter Oracle sold more application software than SAP , the large European software company , '' $ 447 million vs. $ 352 million . ''
Shares of Apple rose 8 cents , to $ 24.20 .
would pay a higher price for Windows if I.B.M .
Boeing is very public about wanting its suppliers to share the risk .
Ogilvy Interactive is awarded gold Clio and first-ever Grand Clio Interactive award for its work with IBM Internet Technology at Clio 's first Interactive Advertising Show ( S )
Credit card industry specialists had surmised that a deal between American Express and Citibank was imminent .
Craig R. Barrett , Intel 's chief executive , and Christopher B. Galvin , Motorola 's chairman and chief executive , both used ''recession '' to describe the current state of affairs .
Interpublic , the world 's third-largest agency company , with billings of $ 16.1 billion , is forming a joint venture with the Ifusion Com Corporation , which is developing a so-called Internet broadcasting system named Arrive .
Johnson & Johnson issued its statement after the Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave it conditional approval to acquire Guidant .
Intel and Advanced Micro have conducted a punishing price war that cuts heavily into both their profits .
The stakes are high for Verizon Wireless and other cellular providers , given that most Americans already have basic mobile phone service .
Yahoo , which acquired HotJobs early last year , recently shifted the account for its Yahoo American brand advertising to Soho Square in New York , part of the WPP Group .
2 executive at Microsoft , regarded as Mr. Gates 's alter ego , was never questioned by Government prosecutors .
World Trade Organization rules in interim decision that Canadian law permitting Ford Motor Co , General Motors Corp and DaimlerChrysler to import vehicles into Canada without paying duty violates fair trade practices ; Japan and European Union had challenged 1956 law because Canada imposes 6.5 percent import duty on other car makers ; final ruling is due on Nov 25 , but it can be appealed ( S )
The one sacrifice was that OS X would not be compatible with old Macintosh programs , a step Microsoft has always refused to take with Windows .
Now , amid an effort to revive a city mired in a crippling cycle of crime and unemployment , the Campbell Soup Company , Camden 's longtime and most prominent corporate resident , has proposed expanding its presence and transforming the area where the empty store sits into an office park .
I.B.M .
Brian Behlendorf , a leader in the open-source development community , says the advance of Linux may well force Microsoft to take a drastic step to meet the competition .
Denise Caruso column on cynicism rampant in high-technology world cites antitrust suit against Microsoft Corp ; scores stand by Microsoft and its defenders that its industry dominance is good for consumers ; agrees with Microsoft that its strong-arm tactics and cutthroat behavior are normal for industry ; holds even planned alliance among America Online , Netscape Communications and Sun Microsystems will lack muscle to stem Microsoft 's cyberspace hegemony ; drawing ( M )
Under the accord , A.T. & T. will provide Unitel with $ 40 million ( Canadian ) , or $ 31.25 million ( United States ) , in capital and advanced telecommunications equipment valued at $ 150 million ( Candian ) , or $ 117.2 million .
Over all , Mr. Connors said that the company expected strong growth in consumer spending to continue globally , but he warned that corporate ''cost containment '' efforts that focused on information technology spending could limit Microsoft 's future growth .
''The first quarter is always the most volatile , '' said Henry You , Oracle 's chief financial officer .
AFTER years of what could be charitably called lassitude in polishing its corporate image , General Motors is beginning 2002 with an uncharacteristically aggressive campaign aimed at burnishing its reputation as well as moving some metal .
It turns out that it was competing in a rigged game -- one in which Ms. Druyun , who left her civilian position in the Pentagon last year to take a job at Boeing , now says she tilted in Boeing 's favor out of gratitude for its hiring of her daughter and her daughter 's boyfriend .
Those who do are given Home Depot pins and Kids Workshop aprons .
Currently , the Morgan Stanley board has 13 directors ; seven of them supported Mr. Purcell over Mr. Mack in 2001 in a struggle over who would lead the firm .
Time Warner faced another challenge yesterday as a group of investors opted out of a previously announced class-action settlement relating to the company 's problematic 2000 merger with America Online .
Kodak 's film sales , meanwhile , may be looking up .
Intel , which analysts expect to make price cuts as deep as 50 percent by the end of the year , cautioned that it expected revenue and profit margins in the third quarter to be flat or only slightly higher than the April-June period , when revenue climbed 29 percent , to $ 5.96 billion .
Boeing Co 's chief executive Harry C Stonecipher says he expects Boeing and federal government could move as early as end of February toward reaching settlement of several ethics probes into company 's dealings with Pentagon ; Stonecipher says settlement will probably occur after Feb 18 settlement of former Boeing chief financial officer Michael M Sears , central figure in conflict-of-interest scandal involving Boeing and billions of dollars in Pentagon contracts ; photo ( M )
Gary Beach , publisher of CIO magazine , regularly conducts panel discussions with chief information officers and said , ''There is a lot of dissatisfaction with this , and it could hurt Microsoft in the future as companies look more and more at alternatives . ''
''We were firm with Campbell about making the meal plan conform to our guidelines , '' he said , adding that Intelligent Quisine ''could reduce the amount of medication that some patients might need to take . ''
Wal-Mart Accuses Second Executive in Fraud
But Microsoft promised that ''the sheer number of factual and legal issues raised by Microsoft 's appeals , as well as a range of important procedural issues , '' make it ''completely unsuitable for summary disposition . ''
shifting its focus , kodak buys dental technology com�
Furthermore , I.B.M .
Intel said it expects expenses in the fourth quarter to be about 8 percent to 10 percent higher than third-quarter expenses of $ 1.4 billion , up from its earlier guidance of 3 to 5 percent higher .
In Texas , where saying something is overgrown is a compliment , Boeing executives were showered with gifts .
Micron , a leading maker of dynamic random access memory chips , or D-RAM 's , zoomed in price last year as demand for the chips soared .
Still , antitrust experts say that the corporation 's character could prove important because the Government is trying to show a pattern of illegal behavior by Microsoft over years .
Mark Cammarota , marketing manager for the Huggies brand , said Kimberly-Clark chose to expand its toiletries line after its success last year with its first two products .
Wal-Mart and Sainsbury are refraining from making formal offers until they hold further discussions with regulators .
''What Exxon brings to the table is their balance sheet , the technical expertise , and their operational management and development .
Microsoft Faces New Lawsuit , but Issues Seem the Same
The announcements , which come as Microsoft pushes its own approach to digital home entertainment based on its Windows Media Center technology , shows Apple 's increasing focus on consumer electronics .
Microsoft Corp 's decision to replace stock options with grants of stock itself , even if they will come in small quantities , goes long way in lifting morale ; under stock award plan , employees will still be able to make money on their stock-based pay even if company shares are not rising ; Microsoft executives say they hope move will create fairer compensation system and help attract and retain talented employees who might otherwise be drawn to start-up companies ; several employees say they believe company 's strategy will work ; employees Francois Ajenstat and David A Pritchard comment ; photos ( M )
Jeffrey Greenberg , 48 , now chief executive of Marsh & McLennan , resigned from A.I.G .
Playing off the company 's iMac logo , he said his new business card identified him as Apple 's ''iCEO . ''
Mixed Signals As Motorola 's Loss Meets Expectations
Cingular 's acceptance of unions may also be attributable to tradition at SBC Communications , which merged with AT & T last year and adopted the AT & T name .
The GameCube is n't trying to impress anyone with its strength and majesty , and while public relations people for Microsoft have been trained to insert the phrase ''the power of the Xbox '' into every third sentence , Nintendo says the important thing is n't the technology but the games , pointing out that its Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver for the hand-held Game Boy Color were the top sellers last year .
The Microsoft Encarta Reference Library 2003 also comes with an extensive encyclopedia and quite a few extras , including a book of quotations , a dictionary , a thesaurus and an atlas .
In addition to the criminal charges , Mary Jo White , the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , said that two former AT & T employees , Charles Brumfield , a former vice president of human resources , and Thomas Alger , who was his subordinate , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud .
Three overseas offices of Leo Burnett Co win assignments with combined billings estimated at more than $ 20 million , from Hallmark Cards , Microsoft Corp subsidiary and South American division of Motorola Inc ( S )
When Mr. Fisher joined Morgan Stanley it had 110 employees and concentrated on issuing stocks and bonds for corporations , foreign governments and international agencies .
Boston Scientific said that it would try to overturn yesterday 's verdict through posttrial motions and appeals .
Moreover , she wrote that Amazon would face ''irreparable harm '' if it did not have exclusive use of the one-click feature during the holidays , when as many as 10 million people are expected to shop online for the first time .
Russian government threatens to revoke oil field licenses held by Lukoil , country 's largest private energy concern ; action affects 19 of 406 licenses owned by Lukoil , company that is 20 percent owned by ConocoPhillips ; enforcement action is significant because same environmental regulator who is behind it suspended permit last month for $ 22 billion project operated by Royal Dutch Shell on Sakhalin Island ; regulator Oleg L Mitvol , deputy director of environmental agency Rosprirodnadzor , has become closely watched figure by Moscow energy analysts ; Mitvol says he has given prosecutors evidence that Lukoil failed to explore or drill in 19 fields according to timelines laid out in licenses ( M )
Procter has a good track record with acquisitions .
New accounts will no longer be accepted at the unit , called Morgan Stanley Nippon Securities , which opened in January to lure retail investors .
Many authors are upset by the snide tone of some Amazon reviews ; Ms. Rice decided to do something about it .
And when it comes to pricing , Apple no longer offers notebooks in the sub- $ 1,000 range , or desktop units in the sub- $ 500 range , as do other makers .
The prospect of Internet stock as a currency , also offered Staples .com an enticement to keep its key employees from leaving for start-ups .
Cisco Systems will begin offering dozen new Internet protocol telephone products to run on network and provide voice , video and data services ( S )
''Microsoft permeates every corner of this globe and is in every aspect of our lives . ''
The deal is a Wall Street homecoming of sorts -- and possibly a form of redemption -- for Bank One 's chief executive , James L. Dimon , who was at one time the heir apparent to Citigroup 's chairman , Sanford I. Weill .
Cisco Profit Climbs on Demand for Network Systems
But he added : ''We do n't believe these allegations are indicative of Aon 's practices . ''
A P & O Princess spokeswoman said the company was considering Carnival 's revised offer and would make an announcement ''in due course . ''
The District Court considered these structural factors and concluded that Microsoft possesses monopoly power in a relevant market .
Last May , the company ran a commercial featuring four African-American women talking about the McDonald 's fruit and walnut salad and getting their ''fruit buzz . ''
Mr. Icahn , who disclosed that his $ 2 billion hedge fund held five million shares in the company in March and has been quietly building his position in recent weeks , has told other hedge funds that he believes that Time Warner 's stock could be worth about $ 27 a share if it spun off the cable unit and bought back shares .
Correction : December 15 , 1998 , Tuesday Because of an editing error , an article in Business Day last Friday about the plans of Aetna Inc. to buy Prudential Health Care misidentified one of the three largest nationwide health insurance companies .
Mr. Weill was at the center of a storm of accusations that Citigroup 's Salomon Smith Barney unit had misled investors by tailoring research to gain investment banking clients .
Designed by Edward Durrell Stone and completed in 1968 for $ 75 million , the General Motors Building , made of pearl-gray Georgia marble , occupies the entire block between Fifth and Madison Avenues that stretches from 58th to 59th Streets .
Nobody with the company will be eligible to compete , Netflix said , so that it does not appear that the contest favors insiders .
AT & T 's long-distance rival MCI said its net income rose about 15 percent , to a record $ 300 million , from $ 260 million .
Around the time the programmer and his wife say they were encouraged to exercise options , Microsoft was under pressure from institutional investors to reduce its options outstanding .
In his recent discussions with cable service operators , William H. Gates , Microsoft 's chairman , has indicated that he is willing to commit his company 's entire $ 9 billion cash chest to help build a high-bandwidth network , according to a person familiar with the negotiations .
In an agreement to be announced on Wednesday , the Intel Corporation will license its advanced video compression software to Real Networks Inc. , a Seattle-based developer of programs that deliver audio and video over the Internet .
Dan Niles , an analyst at Lehman Brothers , said the report , while not spectacular , was the best for Intel since late 2000 , when the technology industry first began to slump .
A shift so fundamental that not even Microsoft may know how to respond .
Philip J. Purcell , the chairman and chief executive of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , told employees yesterday about the proposed change .
Goldman Sachs and Citigroup advised Telefónica of Spain on its $ 31.5 billion deal for O2 of Britain .
It is still unclear whether consumers really want tablet PC 's , the pen-based computers that were released with great fanfare ( and Microsoft marketing dollars ) last November .
Merck Manual , the Hypochondriac 's Bible
The meetings preceded the presentation of the campaign to Coca-Cola bottlers in Atlanta .
The first round of the Microsoft Corporation 's antitrust confrontation with the Government still has months to run , awaiting Federal court decisions .
Airbus and Boeing have been in a long-running battle over aircraft orders , a contest Airbus has been losing elsewhere -- but not in Russia -- because of production delays for its A350 jet .
''We have to make sure our old users stay with us , but we 're going to be more bold around product changes than we 've been in the past , '' Ms. Whitman said in an interview last week in Boston at eBay Live , an annual conference for the site 's sellers .
''American Express has something that Visa and MasterCard do n't have , and that 's cachet , '' said David Robertson , publisher of the Nilson Report , who predicted that some banks will ''kick the tires '' and issue cards with the American Express brand .
''Bestfoods has been scrambling for alternatives for the last month , but I do n't see how buying Campbell 's is a defense against a $ 70-plus all-cash bid , '' said John R. McMillin , an analyst for Prudential Securities .
Hertz car rental company has angered business travelers by changing terms and conditions ; customers are now responsible for damage from natural disasters and return policies are stricter with more expensive penalties ; experts say changes are in line with industry ; rental companies must find ways to pay for rising cost of maintaining car fleets as customers refuse to pay higher prices ; David Kilduff , head of car rental procedure for American Express Business Travel , discusses industry trend of 'unbundling ' services ( M )
American Express assumes the default rate will not improve until 2003 .
Exxon Mobil has been dickering with Indonesia 's state-owned oil company , Pertamina , for the last four years about how to proceed with drilling at the country 's most promising oil field .
The News Corporation said yesterday that it had formed a worldwide integrated media and marketing division , News Corp One , to offer marketers new ways to affiliate with the company 's more than 35 advertising-supported businesses , which range from the Fox Broadcasting Company to The Times of London .
Morgan Stanley Group and Dean Witter , Discover & Co agree to merge into world 's biggest securities company in transaction valued at $ 10.2 billion ; merger will knock Merrill Lynch & Co from No 1 spot in both assets under management and market value ; new company will be named Morgan Stanley , Dean Witter , Discover & Co ; announcement of merger brings immediate speculation about other possible links in securities and banking industry ; graph ; photo ( M )
Whole Foods may be ''more expensive , but it 's worth it , '' she added .
Fears that Coca-Cola would flood the city with unattractive advertising have proved to be unfounded , he said .
Some manufacturers , including Mattel Inc. , which has a Barbie Web site , www.barbie.com , are also experimenting with on-line marketing .
Oracle executives said the deal would add 2 cents to 3 cents a share to Oracle 's profit in the 2007 fiscal year , ending in May 2007 .
''With Blue Gene/L , I.B.M .
I.B.M .
Bristol-Myers Squibb will consolidate and realign advertising agency assignments for its Clairoil and Mead Johnson Nutritionals consumer brands at agencies of B Com3 Group and True North Communications ( Advertising column ) ( S )
Correction of Sept 15 article on Yahoo 's acquisition of online Musicmatch service , regarding songs that can be played on Apple iPod
Critics at Electronic Arts , and at other employers in Silicon Valley , say perks such as on-site gyms and huge cafeterias put cozy face on what amounts to white-collar sweatshops ; Electronic Arts has become focal point of debate over whether technology companies are exploiting workers by demanding long hours and using on-campus fringe benefits while skimping on tangible benefits like overtime pay , and rewarding worker loyalty by sending jobs to cheaper labor overseas ; debate has called into question longstanding Silicon Valley compensation formula in which long hours are soothed with stock options and bonuses ; Electronic Arts plans to announce this week that it will depart from tradition by beginning to pay overtime to some workers ; those workers would no longer be eligible for options or bonuses ; move is certain to be watched closely by executives at other technology companies ; photos ( M )
Production delays left Microsoft unable to meet demand , leaving some customers unable to buy an Xbox and , in turn , the publishers ' games .
Contracts for the remaining 18 planes are still being written , a Boeing official said .
For Intel Capital , the digital home represents the next major market opportunity .
The Salvation Army , by contrast , plans to speak in support of Wal-Mart , trumpeting the company 's steady financial support for the charity 's Red Kettle Christmas Campaign and Wal-Mart 's rapid response to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina .
An article in Business Day on Thursday about the quarterly earnings of I.B.M .
''But our review of the proposed transaction between PeopleSoft and Oracle is ongoing . ''
The naming deal comes as Citigroup is doing a lengthy review of its companywide brand strategy , looking at ways to unify its image ; the review includes the well-known umbrella logo .
There are two drugs racing to get through that door , one developed by Pfizer and the other by Bayer and Onyx Pharmaceuticals .
''EBay is what you call a 'gazelle company , ' '' Mr. Krutko said , ''It doubles in size every five years .
One reason might be that State Farm covers more suburban and rural families , whose driving habits might be safer than those of urban families , than does Allstate .
The spinoff is expected to be completed in the third quarter , and American Express will then be free to concentrate on its card business and the payment network .
Employees at Morgan Stanley earned $ 264,715 per person .
The public will be able to see the aircraft fully assembled for the first time at the event , at Boeing 's assembly plant in Everett , Wash .
There is a similar perspective at the Clorox Company , which competes against Procter in categories like household cleaners , as planning ad budgets begins for the 2002 fiscal year , starting on July 1 .
Microsoft also tried to cast doubt about the accuracy of the handwritten notes of Mr. Norris -- crucial evidence in the case .
There are natural synergies , executives say : Gillette 's Oral B toothbrushes could be sold with Procter 's Crest toothpaste , and Olay , a Procter brand , could be added to Gillette 's Venus razors for women .
''From a long-term perspective , '' said Mark Edelstone , managing director of semiconductor research for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , after touring the factory , ''there 's no question now about Intel 's core competency .
In an ambitious step beyond its stronghold in personal computing , the Microsoft Corporation is announcing plans today to challenge Sony , Nintendo and Sega with a video game machine called the X-Box .
Questions about its performance are a pivotal variable in investors ' expectations for Time Warner .
In 1988 , the control of the future of Unix created a deep division within the computer industry after some of the leaders -- including I.B.M. , Hewlett-Packard and Digital Equipment -- banded together to form the Open Software Foundation in an effort to blunt A.T. & T. 's alliance with Sun Microsystems to develop future versions of the operating system .
European competition regulators are seeking more evidence in their investigation of Microsoft , move that is almost certain to delay further five-year-old antitrust inquiry ( M )
In Merck 's case , although some of the oldest Vioxx suits were filed several years ago , hundreds more have come in the wake of the drug 's withdrawal last fall .
Humana Inc reports second-quarter loss of $ 95 million , compared with earings of $ 45 million in quarter a year earlier ; revenues grew by 50 percent to $ 1.61 billion , from $ 1.07 billion last year ; chart ( S )
In addition to the financial award to Motorola , Judge Jed S. Rakoff of Federal District Court in Manhattan ordered the Uzans , who control Telsim , Turkey 's second-largest cellphone company , to turn over more than 66 percent of Telsim 's stock to the finance unit of Motorola and 7.5 percent of the shares to Nokia .
For overseas Clairol brand campaigns , Ericsson Fina will work with the international offices of a sibling , Grey Worldwide , which also handles Procter brands like Crisco , Jif , Pringles and Sure .
AOL had 29 million subscribers at the time of the merger , many of whom have migrated to high-speed Internet services provided by Time Warner and others .
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Microsoft reported earnings of $ 614 million , or 95 cents a share , up 23 percent from $ 499 million , or 78 cents a share .
Yet Morgan Stanley often failed to search those computers when responding to document requests .
But some retail analysts said that lagging sales at Wal-Mart , the nation 's largest retailer , had less to do with high gas prices than consumers shopping elsewhere .
In fact , one on-line developer said Microsoft is courting these producers so intensely that ''no one in the New York interactive media world has bought themselves dinner in more than a month . ''
Microsoft also said government lawyers had softened their assertions that Microsoft 's creation of Windows-friendly features for Java , a programming language developed by Sun Microsystems , was anticompetitive .
''We feel our value proposition is better than i2 's , and we want I.B.M .
Morgan Stanley hired Mr. Curry in July 1997 , assigning him to its real estate investment banking division .
Kodak 's woes sprang from so many places that they approximated the proverbial death by a thousand cuts .
In a letter to MCI yesterday , Mr. Notebaert repeated his belief that Qwest had not been given the same access to MCI data as Verizon had .
Mr. Bernoff said he expected Microsoft quickly to become the No.2 download service behind Apple .
Yahoo and most of its rivals have chosen to cooperate with Chinese authorities rather than risk losing access to the country 's fast-growing online marketplace .
Bank of America contacts Omnicom Group and WPP Group about working for it , potentially dealing another blow to Interpublic Group of Companies , which is already struggling on several fronts ; currently uses more than dozen Interpublic agencies for tasks like advertising , direct marketing , media buying and interactive campaigns ( M )
Technology Briefing | Internet : Starbucks Expands Web Network Service
McNeil Nutritionals , Johnson & Johnson unit , is releasing version of its artificial sweetener Splenda that can be used as brown sugar replacement ( M )
to run its computers sent a good message to both investors on Wall Street and customers , such as long-distance phone companies that compete with the AT & T services company .
Coca-Cola Enterprises has been losing a reverse price war with the Pepsi Bottling Group , which spun off from PepsiCo in the spring of 1999 .
P & O Princess Cruises rejected a request from the Carnival Corporation for a meeting to discuss antitrust issues relating to Carnival 's hostile bid for P & O Princess .
Microsoft has no convincing answer for these questions , except to point out that it is addressing Windows ' vulnerability -- in the next version , called Windows Vista .
While Wall Street cheered AT & T 's action -- the company 's shares rose $ 2.625 each , to close at $ 67.375 on the New York Stock Exchange -- many AT & T workers were caught by surprise , even though they had been bracing for layoffs .
Before a standing-room crowd of Boeing lobbyists and Air Force officials at a hearing on the plan , Mr. McCain kept up a steady barrage , ridiculing Mr. Roche 's response to one question as a ''rather bizarre answer '' and interrupting witnesses to interject his own thoughts and pointed questions .
The consortium -- known as Project Hudson and made up of Intel , Nokia , Samsung , Toshiba and Matshushita -- plans to announce its new approach in early February to precede the Grammy music awards and the movie industry 's Academy Awards ceremony , executives say .
The other main target is a rule of Visa and MasterCard that bars member banks from issuing cards of rivals like American Express , Discover and Diners Club .
All of it was made by the finance company , '' referring to Ford Motor Credit .
BlackBerry wireless e-mail device from RIM , Research in Motion , gains a cult following among business professionals , who like to be in constant contact without having to actually talk to anyone ; BlackBerry 's biggest competition is Motorola 's T900 , a short of stripped-down , considerably less expensive BlackBerry , but it will soon face more competition , mostly notably from cellular phones that allow users to talk and type messages with one device and are the mobile e-mail method of choice among European and Japanese teenagers ; photos ( M )
In Britain , where Unilever introduced a laundry tablet in 1998 , followed by Procter & Gamble roughly a year later , tablets make up more than 20 percent of the $ 1.5 billion laundry market ; together , the companies ' tablets command more than 50 percent of the tablet market .
Still , Time Warner and TCI both wield enormous power over start-up networks .
Representatives for Disney , the News Corporation and Saban declined to comment .
Shares of Morgan Stanley fell more than 3 percent yesterday , or $ 1.85 , to $ 56.45 .
If the court imposed conduct relief , Microsoft would remain intact , and its business incentives would not be changed .
Mobil and Exxon say their merger will enable them to cut employment by 9,000 jobs , or around 7 percent , and cut capital spending by $ 1.5 billion , or 10 percent , but there is a good chance some of those cuts would have been made anyway .
At the same time , the Government learned a hard lesson in its 13-year antitrust case against the International Business Machines Corporation in the 1970 's and early 1980 's .
Over the last few days , Marriott invited some travel reporters to attend a conference held every two years for the general managers of its full-service hotel brands at the five-star J.W .
It was when Merck learned the preliminary results of that trial in September 2004 that it withdrew Vioxx from the market worldwide and the paper on the results was prepared .
Richard Purcell , Microsoft 's corporate privacy officer , said the company based Explorer 's cookie screening settings on a standard reached by the Network Advertising Initiative , an online advertising trade group , and the Federal Trade Commission .
In fact , the nonprofit Blue Cross plans actually had a 27 percent decline in operating profits in the first half of the year , compared with the period in 2005 , said Matthew Borsch , a health care analyst at Goldman Sachs .
When the two-story Wal-Mart store opened in Massapequa , N.Y. , a year ago , it was the first mall-based property for Wal-Mart on the East Coast .
Two of the foundation 's five board members would be selected by the plaintiffs ' lawyers , two by Microsoft and one by the court .
Specifically , the letters accused Microsoft of using its dominance of the market for operating system software with its popular Windows program to force personal-computer makers to give Microsoft 's browser , Explorer , a more prominent place on the screens of new machines than Netscape 's Navigator .
Yahoo says the system can be upgraded without disrupting it .
Judge Marsha J. Pechman of Federal District Court in Seattle issued a preliminary injunction late Wednesday in a case filed in October by Amazon , the online store that pioneered many now-common techniques for retail sales on the Web .
Just yesterday , the chief executive of CBS , Leslie Moonves , told investors on an earnings conference call that ''we 're not looking for an acquisition of that size . ''
Microsoft recently started a new service with TV Cabo Portugal and is experimenting with a cable company in the Netherlands .
Jury begins deliberations in Frederick Humeston v Merck & Co , second Vioxx-related lawsuit to go on trial ; receives case after two-hour closing argument from plaintiff 's lawyer , Christopher Seeger , who urges jurors to hold Merck accountable for hiding information about Vioxx 's heart risks from doctors ( M )
Shares of Boeing rose sharply yesterday , closing at $ 41.6875 , up $ 3.6875 .
General Electric Co says second-quarter earnings rose 20 percent , beating analysts ' estimates ; net income rose to $ 3.38 billion compared with $ 2.82 billion in year-earlier quarter when adjusted for 3-for-1 stock split in April ; revenue surged 20 percent , to $ 32.9 billion from $ 27.4 billion ( M )
Symantec executives said they were standing by their determination that the Zero-Knowledge demonstration was a dangerous program because it made the user 's computer crash .
The rating agency Moody 's Investors Service said it upgraded India 's foreign currency credit rating from Ba1 to Ba2 , its highest noninvestment grade , after a surge in the country 's foreign exchange reserves .
Despite the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks and economic turmoil , International Business Machines came through the third quarter remarkably unscathed , reporting solid profits yesterday that slightly exceeded analysts ' expectations .
The survey , however , indicated that farmers are shying away a bit from crops resistant to Monsanto 's Roundup herbicide , other than soybeans .
Verizon Plans To Raise Fee Of Digital Net Service
With that argument , Oracle is trying to show , among other things , that Microsoft 's range of software will make it an even fiercer competitor .
The $ 89 program has been upgraded to burn both video and audio CD 's in the background while you tackle other tasks on the computer , and it 's now compatible with Apple 's music management and CD burning software , iTunes .
Until this year , the worst annual performance for an American corporation was the $ 23.5 billion loss posted by General Motors in 1992 , largely because of an accounting change that forced it to recognize the costs of health care for retired workers .
Caterpillar engines are under the hood of about one-third of all big trucks in the United States .
Less than two years after becoming the first regional Bell telephone company allowed into the long-distance market in its home territory , Verizon Communications has surpassed Sprint to become the nation 's No .
Microsoft also argued its position at the hearing , but its real negotiations with the European regulators did not begin until after the hearing ended .
Louis R. Ross , a former vice chairman of the Ford Motor Company who oversaw the introduction in 1985 of the Ford Taurus , which became one of its most successful cars and helped the company recover from low profits and quality problems , died on Sunday in Naples , Fla .
Johnson & Johnson originally agreed , in December 2004 , to buy Guidant for $ 76 a share , or about $ 25.4 billion , but cut the price to $ 63.08 in the fall amid safety concerns about its products .
Coca-Cola Co , in what amounts to rare admission of failure , is trying to make itself into friendlier company that will adapt more to local markets around the world ; new strategy involves string of personnel moves and related actions ; they are intended to improve company 's standing on Wall Street and repair its reputation with consumers , bottlers and others with whom its relationships have been damaged over last two years ; Jack L Stahl , who has led Coke 's business in North America , will become second in command to Douglas N Daft , who was named chief executive last month ; changes will affect company 's marketing strategies both in kinds of products it sells and way it sells them ; other changes seem intended to improve relations between Coke and its bottlers , relations that have been strained recently by rapid increases in cost of concentrate in US and demands for capital investments from bottlers abroad that were demanded by Coke executives in US ( Market Place column ) ( M )
The job cuts would be the biggest that American Express has taken in about a decade and would come on top of the 1,600 jobs American Express has already eliminated this year .
Transocean Offshore had sales of $ 1.09 billion last year .
At least two companies , OneVideo Technology Corp and Agile TV , are developing speech-recognition products that will let television viewers change channels with voice prompts ; Comcast Corp and other cable companies are testing systems ; devices would make it easier for consumers to order advertised products , eliminating need to dial toll-free numbers or scroll through menus on television ; photo ( M )
If the Walt Disney Company has its way , McDonald 's Happy Meal toys could be replaced with portable media players that hold Disney movies , music , games or photos , according to a pending patent application .
I.B.M .
Microsoft would also supply $ 160 million for a technical support fund overseen by the foundation to help schools use the computer hardware and software , and it would provide $ 90 million to train teachers and administrators .
At the very least , some states would embarrass companies whose workers are on Medicaid or other forms of state assistance by publishing the employers ' names -- as Massachusetts has already done with a list of companies including Dunkin ' Donuts , Stop & Shop and Wal-Mart Stores .
Microsoft also said yesterday that financial preparations for its plan , announced Tuesday , to hand as much as $ 75 billion to shareholders over the next four years had reduced earnings in the quarter .
Galvus , from the Swiss drug company Novartis , and Januvia , from Merck , raise the levels of a naturally occurring hormone that is released in the stomach and intestines during eating .
''We ask ourselves how do we resource these agencies with enough volume to support better responsiveness to clients on a worldwide basis , '' Philip H. Geier Jr. , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic , said Friday , the day the merger was announced after weeks of speculation in trade publications .
The officials also discussed a proposal that would require Microsoft to offer customers a choice if it kept bundling into its operating system certain applications , like a video and audio player , digital photography , instant messaging programs or the Internet Explorer browser .
Underscoring the transformation of a quirky computer maker into the dominant force in digital music , and signaling his ambitions to extend that reach , Mr. Jobs also announced that Apple was dropping ''computer '' from its name and would henceforth be known as Apple Inc .
Apple has had battery problems with its iPod music player , but none involved safety issues .
Fred Leuffer , an analyst at Bear , Stearns , forecasts that 1998 profits of Mobil and Exxon combined will total $ 8.5 billion .
Mr. Jobs will join the Apple board and become interim chairman until the company can find a new leader .
Citigroup officials said the company expects its Citifinancial consumer-lending unit , the industry 's largest , to suffer financially from the change , but declined to say how much .
Away from Comdex , hard-charging Micron Electronics of Nampa , Idaho , introduced a laptop called the Go Book , a slim , 6.5-pound Windows machine that the company says can run for up to 11 hours without a battery recharge .
Those concerns were also paramount among executives at Progressive , Mr. McMillan said .
Moody 's Raises a Key Debt Rating on Brazil
Gap executives declined to comment about October sales before the figures were released .
In choosing a new home , Boeing officials said they evaluated a host of factors , including transportation , education and quality of life .
Truste , a nonprofit group financed by Internet companies that creates standards for privacy policies , agreed to endorse Yahoo 's move after an extended discussion with the company .
Merrill Lynch & Company , the country 's largest brokerage house , as well as American Express and Boston Financial Network , an Internet upstart , are just a few of the nonbanks that see themselves as the business bankers of the future .
Amazon shares fell 13 percent the next day .
Goodyear is now testing its intelligent tires in commercial trucks and buses and commercial aircraft .
Yahoo 's system produces much less money from every page than Google , a handicap in bidding for advertising deals .
I.B.M .
''The fact of the matter is , outside of the data base business and the consulting business , you will not find anything Oracle has succeeded in . ''
CBS Buys Last.FM , an Online Radio Site
By altering the System 390 so that it can understand the communications rules of the Internet , I.B.M .
Sales of Fosamax , heavily advertised by Merck for osteoporosis , tripled to $ 93 million .
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray .
That classic approach began to change in 1999 , when Cole Haan 's owner , Nike , brought in new management , and the shoemaker began to update its product line for its traditional 35- to 50-year-old customer .
There were also indications that Hynix , deep in debt and struggling to revamp , is making progress in talks to sell some operations to an American rival , Micron Technologies , the No .
Corporations including I.B.M. , Aetna , American Express , Hewlett-Packard , Johnson & Johnson , Texaco and Xerox pooled their money to start a summer program for middle school children ''so their employees would have peace of mind while at work , '' said Ms. Fishman , noting that the programs are now open to all children .
Microsoft will fight the Justice Department , according to a dominant view from its hometown , because fighting -- and winning -- is what Microsoft does best .
Justice Department and 20 state Attorneys General file two broad , aggressive antitrust suits against the Microsoft Corp , launching most concerted government attack on single company in generation ; charge Microsoft uses its monopoly in personal computer operating systems to win control of Internet and software products , particularly Internet browsers ; Justice Department suit charges Microsoft of having once approached then-infant rival Netscape Communications Corp with offer to divide Internet market ; Atty Gen Janet Reno , announcing suits with three state Attorneys General , holds Microsoft 's business practices restricted choices available to consumers around world ; Microsoft chairman William H Gates scores suits ; Asst Atty Gen Joel I Klein says suits do not try to block release of latest version of Windows operating system ; Microsoft begins shipping product ; photos ( L )
Kodak Reports Lower Profits And May Cut 6,000 Workers
US District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson is likely to find himself in unusual position later this month of reading articles about testimony in Microsoft Corp antitrust trial that has not yet been heard in court ; that is one result of two orders Penfield issued over last week to comply with 1913 law giving public access to depositions taken in antitrust cases ( M )
That is the future enunciated last week by Bill Gates , chairman of the Microsoft Corporation , at the annual Windows Hardware Engineering Conference in Florida .
Though executives of the companies talk regularly -- they are partners after all and Vodafone owns 45 percent of Verizon Wireless -- Mr. Gent has yet to initiate takeover discussions , the executives said .
But the question about the size of the Web came under intense debate last week after Yahoo announced at an Internet search engine conference in Santa Clara , Calif. , that its search engine index -- an accounting of the number of documents that can be located from its databases -- had reached 19.2 billion .
A picture caption in World Business on Tuesday with an article about plans by General Motors to speed expansion in China misidentified a Cadillac on display before an auto show in Beijing .
Though only a small number of Indians have Internet access , the eight million who do tend to be young , affluent city dwellers who also watch satellite television , a market dominated in India by News Corporation 's Star Network .
Only a few touch-ups differentiate Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 ( for Windows ) from version 5.5 .
In addition , subscribers will have access to the World Wide Web via the Netscape Communications Navigator software that is included in the package , Internet chat groups and discussion groups related to business topics orchestrated by AT & T .
Analysts expect the deal will add even more than that after Citigroup merges the two operations and cuts costs , including the elimination of more than 2,000 jobs at Associates by next year .
Starbucks is also to be the exclusive seller for six weeks of an acoustic remake of Alanis Morissette 's ''Jagged Little Pill , '' which prompted Terry Currier , the owner of an independent music store in Portland , Ore. , to write an open letter to Maverick , Ms. Morissette 's label .
Mr. Card of Jupiter points out that despite Microsoft 's considerable resources , the company has stumbled badly in several parts of the Internet market , and it may not have it any easier in the online music business .
Eventually Chevron and its partners , Mobil and Kazakstan , could spend up to $ 20 billion over the 40-year life of the project .
Attacks a Microsoft Videotape as Misleading
Each operation had been yielding about a 5 percent return on equity , compared with about 12 percent for Chubb 's property and casualty operations , including commercial and personal lines with sharp growth in Europe , Asia and Latin America .
Legal experts say that if Judge Sippel had been part of the earlier case , he should have disclosed the relationship , though failing to do so probably did not violate the judicial code of conduct for federal judges because the two Monsanto cases are not identical .
The next step was to determine how to get the most value from my remaining assets , the certificate from Amazon.com and the Saks card .
''I 'm sure you 'll understand if you live in Seattle the feeling of the sunshine breaking through , and all of us at Microsoft see this as the sunshine we 've been waiting for , '' said Jeff Raikes , group vice president of the company 's productivity and business services group .
Morgan Stanley 's move prompted speculation today that Merrill Lynch , the only other foreign brokerage firm to try to build a retail network here , would further scale back its operations .
That stands eBay in good stead . ''
Skechers ( pronounced SKETCH-ers ) , he says slowly and deliberately between glances at the crumpled bit of paper in front of him in the company booth last month at the Fashion Footwear Association of New York exposition , is now the third-most-popular brand among teenagers , after Nike and Adidas .
In late September , Vioxx was withdrawn from the market by its manufacturer , Merck .
Apple , besieged by engineering delays and the defection of top programmers , has yet to deliver a C.H.R.P .
Sales of Xbox increased 11 percent by volume last year , but revenue lagged as Microsoft cut the price of consoles and games .
Bank of America 's fourth-quarter net income of $ 1.39 billion , or 85 cents a share , was at the lower end of what the bank had projected and down 23 percent from a year earlier .
Johnson & Johnson has made dozens of mostly small acquisitions over the last decade , expanding its portfolio of more than 200 businesses that make products like Band-Aids , artificial knees and blockbuster drugs .
Most expect Honeywell to make good on its promise to earn $ 2.15 to $ 2.30 a share for the year .
I.B.M .
More broadly , Microsoft believes that its view of the computer industry -- for reasons that still puzzle the company 's executives -- was never appreciated by the government or the judge .
Intel thought clock speed could drive performance for a decade , but they were wrong . ''
The fracas is the latest of several legal and regulatory battles between A.T. & T. and its rivals .
Moody 's Investors Service cut the ratings of eight major Japanese life insurers , citing a poor outlook for recovery and uncertain prospects for support from related banks .
Nathan Brookwood , an analyst with the Dataquest market research firm , estimates that Intel will sell 12 million to 15 million of the chips in its first year .
Technology Briefing | Software : I.B.M .
The Sharp Electronics Corporation and A.T. & T. announced a joint effort to market a wireless version of Sharp 's Wizard line of electronic pocket organizers that will allow people to send and receive messages over the air .
Korey Kay was the agency for Mr. Wynn 's previous company , Mirage Resorts , from May 1999 to June 2000 , when Mr. Wynn sold it to MGM Grand , now MGM Mirage , for $ 4.4 billion .
The idea crystallized quickly : ''Say nuts to CBS . ''
The government 's case rests on the argument that a combination of Oracle and PeopleSoft would leave only two competitors and result in higher prices .
The acquisition spree by the Interpublic Group of Companies in New York is continuing with the purchases of an agency , an agency office and a corporate communications company .
The News Corporation , controlled by Mr. Murdoch , is only one of the major media companies that favor some rule changes , and it does not command as large a total television audience as some competitors , like Viacom , which owns CBS and MTV .
Verizon officials said a walkout would have little effect on phone service for its 57 million land-line customers and its 37 million wireless customers .
Mark Sue , an analyst with RBC Capital Markets , said it was not yet clear whether Motorola would be able to turn a profit in 2007 .
The on-line service is laying low now , the company says , so as not to give Microsoft ammunition to use in the antitrust trial .
Judge Rodney W Sippel lets proceed antitrust case that accuses seed giants Monsanto Co , Bayer , Syngenta and Pioneer of conspiring to control world 's market in genetically modified crops ; suit was filed in 1999 by group of farmers who said they had suffered huge losses because of global opposition to genetically modified crops ; companies strongly deny any conspiracy took place ( M )
Monsanto also said the companies discussed prices , but added that they were engaged in legitimate negotiations about changes to an existing licensing agreement , not illegal price fixing .
Mr. Jobs insisted that Apple still had a feature advantage over its Intel-based competitors in portable computers based on features like a backlit , light-sensing keyboard and the integration of new technologies like a higher-speed version of Wi-Fi known as 802.11g , which lets computers connect wirelessly to the Internet , and Bluetooth , which lets various devices communicate with each other wirelessly .
Analysts estimate that it is spending a minimum of $ 7 billion on the project , and that it will probably earn an operating profit of 4 percent to 5 percent , half what Boeing earned in its most profitable years .
VS. MICROSOFT
She said she did not see the competition from search engines and free classified sites as undercutting eBay 's position with consumers .
Dow Corning Offers Plan To End Suits
Other A.T. & T. investments include financial support for General Magic , a Mountain View , Calif. , software developer founded by former Apple computer designers to develop software for mobile computing ; the EO Computer Company , a small Foster City , Calif. , computer maker designing a hand-held machine , and Sundisk , a Santa Clara , Calif. , maker of low-power semiconductor storage systems for portable computers .
At one time it made sense to have a large regional corporate center owned by AT & T in downtown Chicago , but with changes in the real estate market and with the obvious changes in our business it no longer made sense to own such an expensive property , '' said Mark Trierweiler , the company 's regional public policy director in Chicago .
The AT & T Corporation will own about 20 percent of Iris , a business telecommunications venture in France involving Generale des Eaux S.A. and Unisource , and thus gain access to the world 's fourth-largest telephone market .
Coca-Cola 's attempts to add effervescence to sales at movie theaters come as Pepsi-Cola is trying to make inroads in another realm where Coca-Cola has a large market share lead , among fast-food chains .
The General Motors Corporation 's sales fell by 2.3 percent in July from a year earlier while the Chrysler Corporation 's sales surged 18.8 percent , as overall demand for vehicles appeared to cool and shift toward mini-vans , sport utility vehicles and pickup trucks instead of cars .
Yet because Apple stuffed it with four gigabytes of memory , it holds as much music as some hard-drive players -- more than 1,000 songs .
Paced by gains in companies like Applied Micro Circuits , Applied Materials and Intel , the Nasdaq composite index gained 46.92 points , or 2.5 percent , to 1,898.95 .
Merck & Co plans to close five manufacturing plants by 2008 and lay off 7,000 employees , about 11 percent of its work force , as it struggles with falling sales and profits ; cuts are latest sign of problems faced by major drug makers as patents on some of their most profitable medicines expire ; Merck in June will begin to face low-priced generic competition on Zocor , cholesterol-lowering drug that is its top-selling medicine , with sales of $ 4.5 billion expected in 2005 ; about 3,500 of jobs Merck plans to eliminate are in US , with rest overseas ; layoffs will save company total of almost $ 4 billion by 2010 , or $ 1 billion a year ; Merck 's chief executive Richard T Clark says layoffs and plant closings , which will cost about $ 2 billion by time they are finished in 2008 , are only part of broader overhaul of Merck 's corporate structure ; Merck will announce reorganization of its research and sales divisions on Dec 15 ; company 's former pristine image has been sullied by thousands of lawsuits over Vioxx , painkiller that Merck stopped selling in September 2004 after clincial trial showed Vioxx could cause heart attacks ( M )
The AT & T globe , with its steel blue swirl and whiff of worldliness , will live on .
The new site ( Amazon.co.jp ) will also include book reviews , recommendation lists and interviews with authors and translators .
Under the terms of the deal , Microsoft would be required to provide cash , training and support to help put computing services into disadvantaged schools with nearly seven million students .
At Procter & Gamble and Eli Lilly , executives identified a looming shortage of scientific talent , said Alph Bingham , a vice president at Eli Lilly who develops alternative business models for the company .
Asked under oath on Aug. 29 if he was familiar with a civil lawsuit that Sun had recently filed accusing Microsoft of violating its contract to use Java , Mr. Gates paused for nearly 30 seconds before replying , ''Not really . ''
In the second quarter , PepsiCo spent heavily on promotional discounts for brands like Doritos , Cheetos and Lays potato chips .
A Raytheon spokeswoman , Pamela A. Wickham , said yesterday that disclosures of further copying did not change anything .
In the United States , where Coke 's biggest bottler , Coca-Cola Enterprises , said on Tuesday that volume would be flat or rise just 1 percent this year , Coke plans an intensive marketing effort in the second half of this year .
According to people who were briefed in advance , Microsoft is expected to disclose on Thursday a completely redesigned MSN , as an Internet access service with a flat fee of $ 19.95 a month for unlimited use .
Nationsbank might be too weighed down by recent takeovers to buy Wells Fargo , and Norwest is an extremely disciplined buyer and backs away from transactions that it deems too richly priced .
Indiplon , the Neurocrine and Pfizer drug , is in the final stages of clinical trials and could reach the market next year .
Judge Federico Moreno partly dismisses lawsuits that challenges managed care practices of Aetna Inc , Cigna , United Healthcare , Foundation Health Services and Prudential unit of Aetna , but will allow plaintiffs to amend their cases ; rejects motion to dismiss claim against Humana Inc under Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ; companies face more than 50 lawsuits from patients and doctors accusing them of conspiring to deny care and of withholding information about how business criteria influenced medical decisions ( M )
It could be pointed out that Detroit and General Motors are in a ditch mostly because they drove there , ignoring global competition and consumer needs in pursuit of quarterly profits .
''Yahoo has an answers product that works , '' he said .
In October , the company posted a second three-minute Diet Coke and Mentos video , ''Experiment 214 , '' which was produced under sponsorship agreements , one with the Coca-Cola Company and the other with Perfetti Van Melle USA .
Using technology primarily developed by Amazon , these services recommend products to customers based on algorithms that take into account factors like the ratings a customer has assigned various products on the site and the purchasing patterns of customers with similar profiles .
But services , a lower profit business for Oracle , had the stronger growth , up 41 percent in the quarter versus the period last year .
Merck 's defense lawyers could try to use such results to bolster their contention that Merck had reason to believe it was justified in continuing to market Vioxx up until September .
The hiring of the Interpublic team , coming after shake-ups in management at Computer Associates , represents a broadening of its assignments .
Slim as MCI 's largest single shareholder , Verizon would have significant advantage over Qwest Communications International in their battle for MCI , the long-distance carrier .
The Southern Company , a huge utility based in Atlanta , said yesterday that it and two German utilities had formed a consortium that would seek to buy a controlling interest in the utility that serves the city of Berlin for $ 1.7 billion .
But tomorrow 's Conrail meeting , at which shareholders will cast votes that will determine whether to accept less from the CSX Corporation in a takeover , or to hold on and hope that the Norfolk Southern Corporation will be able to pay more , is an exception .
Analysts said they had been expecting a strong quarter , but had received no guidance from Oracle suggesting that their estimates would be too low .
Otherwise , General Motors threatens to make benefit cuts on its own , though it is not clear how serious a threat this is , given the stakes .
The impressive results came despite lower-than-expected sales at the General Motors Corporation .
If there was one company that had a very merry Christmas , it was eBay .
The appeals court 's ruling today struck down a preliminary injunction that Judge Jackson issued against Microsoft in December after the Justice Department had argued in a separate case that Microsoft was illegally using its monopoly in operating system software to gain an unfair advantage in the market for browser software .
Yesterday 's announcement meant Procter & Gamble would again have to delay the momentum it sought since June , when it underwent a major management change , and investors did not respond kindly to the news .
Among the cable operators that are now carrying Sí TV are the Time Warner systems in Los Angeles and Bakersfield , Calif .
Netflix continues to outperform the expectations of many analysts .
Microsoft 's response takes the form of a system called the Portable Media Center , being incorporated first by Creative , an early maker of MP3 audio players , into a sort of oversized audio player with a color video screen .
Ms. Roehm joined in the new post of senior vice president for marketing communications at the Wal-Mart Stores USA division .
Peter J. Mirsky , who follows Time Warner for Oppenheimer & Company , noted that advertiser spending at the Turner Networks was up only 8 percent .
Last Wednesday , Chris Albrecht , the chief executive of Home Box Office and a star at Time Warner , was asked to resign three days after he was accused of assaulting his girlfriend in the parking lot of the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas .
The following are excerpts from a complaint filed against Microsoft by the United States in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
The seeds of Halliburton 's asbestos problems date back to 1992 when Dresser spun off a subsidiary , the Harbison-Walker Refractories Company , that made industrial products containing asbestos , like bricks and pipe coatings .
''For Merck , this was really a decision about how to allocate their resources , '' said Neil B. Sweig , who follows Merck for Southeast Research Partners .
Most notably , the Hotmail E-mail service Microsoft bought last year signs up 150,000 new users a day .
A.T. & T. reported that it earned $ 982 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 18.4 billion , for the quarter .
The session , according to several people who participated , escalated into a shouting match between Mr. Tevanian and the head of Copland -- Apple 's troubled effort to create a next-generation operating system .
Mr. Jobs said Apple 's strategy in entering an intensely competitive computing market dominated by giant , well-established companies would be to focus initially on the company 's strongest markets : education , creative services , biotechnology and video .
Dr. Davari said the new I.B.M .
Whether prices in Huntington Beach have increased since Coca-Cola eliminated its competition is unclear .
The Ford Motor Company said today it had named a veteran company executive , Don R. Leclair , as its chief financial officer , after ending a much-publicized search to recruit an outside candidate .
Lawrence J. Ellison , chief executive of Oracle , has reached a tentative agreement under which he would pay $ 100 million to charity to resolve a lawsuit charging that he engaged in insider trading in 2001 , a lawyer involved in the case said .
''It 's a monumental change in the constraints on the construction of semiconductor systems , '' said Dennis Roberson , chief technology officer of Motorola .
But at least one European telephone company said it would cast a kinder eye on AT & T .
306676 in the Knowledge Base at support.microsoft.com ) notes that if you use certain 3-D screensavers , Windows will not be able to go into Standby mode , unless you have upgraded the computer to Windows XP Service Pack 1 .
''Wal-Mart will challenge Amazon for worldwide e-retailing dominance by the year 2005 , '' Burt Flickinger , managing director of Reach Marketing , in Westport , Conn. , predicted .
Investors , lawyers and executives at Merck are closely watching the trial , which comes less than three months after a jury in Texas ordered Merck to pay $ 253 million to the widow of a man who died of a heart attack in 2001 after taking Vioxx for eight months .
Amid the celebration of the Boeing-McDonnell Douglas merger ( front page , Dec. 16 ) , many former Boeing employees who designed and produced Boeing 's planes are hopping mad .
Edmund B. Woollen , a vice president for integrated information systems at Raytheon , had just started a meeting in his office in northern Virginia when he heard a thunderous explosion and looked up to see the Pentagon burning .
Accuses Boeing Of Blocking Inquiry Into Bias
Mr. Notebaert made his remarks in New York as part of an effort to persuade Wall Street investors and analysts that MCI would be better off rejecting Verizon as a suitor and accepting Qwest as a merger partner .
That was also the reason , Mr. Krakowsky said , that he could not provide interviews with John J. Dooner Jr. , chairman and chief executive at Interpublic , or Sean F. Orr , chief financial officer .
And Wal-Mart 's tougher scheduling demands could be especially taxing on workers because , unlike its competitors , the chain has many stores -- more than 1,900 out of 4,000 -- that are open 24 hours .
Correction : February 23 , 2002 , Saturday An article in Business Day on Wednesday about changes in the research department of the Goldman Sachs Group referred incorrectly at one point to the department 's status .
In establishing reasonable lines of inquiry , investigators clearly plan to examine more closely the problem with the Boeing 767 's thrust reverser .
For some locally active developers , however , staving off potential competition from Wal-Mart means coming up with aggressive retail leasing strategies .
Microsoft , in particular , would like to see Hewlett-Packard 's product-innovation formula suceed , in addition to Dell 's operational-efficiency model .
At the Photo Marketing Association show Kodak will be showing its DPS900 machine , a modular replacement for the minilab behind the counter of a store 's photo lab .
But because Wal-Mart is such a giant -- its $ 312 billion in sales last year exceeded the sales of the next five biggest retailers combined -- its new labor practices may well influence policies more broadly .
Ford Motor Co reports better-than-expected earnings in third quarter ; company earned $ 1.11 billion , up 11 percent from third quarter last year , when it earned $ 1 billion ; company announces management shake-up aimed partly at improving results in Europe ( M )
Fine Print in Electronic Arts ' Results
While Lowe , part of the Partnership division of the Interpublic Group of Companies , will continue to work on the Verizon account , the relationship will ''evolve , '' he said , adding that negotiations are under way .
Loop building is available in Sonic Foundry 's Acid Pro 4.0 ( $ 400 ) or Apple 's own $ 300 program , Soundtrack .
The credit agencies , Standard & Poor 's and Moody 's Investors Service , said recently that they might rate the country in default if bondholders suffered in the deal .
While Wal-Marts blanket rural America , the chain 's record of building stores within city limits is mixed , with opponents foiling proposed outlets in Los Angeles , Chicago and New York .
On Friday , shares of U S West closed at $ 54.875 , up 56.25 cents on the New York Stock Exchange , and Frontier 's shares ended at $ 55.4375 , down 25 cents .
Procter & Gamble is trying to expand sales for its Ariel laundry detergent , which is popular in Mexico , into Wal-Mart in the United States , said one Procter & Gamble marketer who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
Leaders of United Auto Workers union express doubt that deal with General Motors could be reached on assistance plan for Delphi Corp to buy out workers before March 31 deadline ; union has threatened to strike if judge agrees to set aside labor contracts and impose sharply lower wages ( M )
In a joint statement , John E. Warnock , Adobe 's co-chairman and chief executive , and Charles M. Geschke , co-chairman and president , said : ''Adobe is pleased that Quark decided not to further pursue an acquisition of Adobe .
More than a decade after breaking up the Bell System to settle a Federal antitrust suit , the AT & T Corporation announced yesterday that it would dismantle itself yet again -- this time voluntarily .
Ellen Hancock , who last year joined Apple as chief technology officer , also from National Semiconductor , had her oversight of both hardware and software development management turned over to former Next executives .
The showdown between the United Automobile Workers union and the General Motors Corporation this autumn is often described as a struggle over corporate downsizing and job security , but as striking workers here are quick to volunteer , the dispute is also about whether corporations owe easier jobs to older workers .
Mr. Rawl spent 39 years at Exxon and was chairman and chief executive from 1987 to 1993 .
The decision of Mr. Madigan , a former chief executive of the Tribune Company , and Mr. Marsh , a former Kraft executive , to move on is an open acknowledgment that all the control levers at Morgan Stanley are now firmly in Mr. Mack 's grip .
Geneva Sound Systems Model XL is 600-watt speaker and docking system for Apple 's iPod music player ; Model XL comes in black , red or white for $ 1,075 ; includes built-in CD player and FM tuner ; photo ( M )
Clinton Administration will announce new strategy aimed at making it far more difficult for drug cartels to transfer profits from US to Colombia and other drug centers in Latin America ; new rules will require street-corner check-cashing services as well as large money transmitters , such as Western Union and American Express , to report to Treasury transfers of more than $ 750 , compared with current maximum of $ 10,000 ; ordinary banks , which operate under separate rules , will be exempt , but must still file reports of international transactions of more than $ 10,000 ; new strategy grew out of successful experiment in New York City , where Federal and state crackdown began in August 1996 ( M )
Microsoft to Soon Seek Stay Of Ruling by Europeans
At a dinner that year in Miami , a Merck executive asked Dr. Altman what it would take to win his support , the doctor recalled .
Jeffrey R. Immelt , General Electric 's chairman and chief executive , offered the estimates at a conference for analysts in New York .
Yet by May 1998 , Microsoft was weighing dropping the contract curbs on some major PC makers in response to their complaints , and it later did .
Ms. Weyrauch declined to discuss whether Motorola was considering consolidating the account at a single agency ; the daily fax edition of Advertising Age reported that a consolidation was likely .
Of the approximately 35 employees of the Campbell Media Alliance , he added , ''some have chosen to leave for other positions and some who have expressed an interest in staying will be retained and we will try to redeploy them . ''
Over the last three and a half years , companies like Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch/Shell and EnCana of Canada have invested an estimated $ 750 million into drilling for oil and gas in the stormy , iceberg-infested northwest Atlantic .
That could allow , for example , each element of a data entry to be duplicated 100 times , without enlarging the overall memory device , which would make data more secure , I.B.M .
Verizon 's two main unions boasted that they had achieved major victories on job security and health insurance , having beaten back Verizon 's efforts to make its unionized workers pay significantly more toward their health coverage .
As a result of privacy fears raised by the Hailstorm project , Microsoft is now operating under a consent decree with the Federal Trade Commission to not misuse its customers ' personal information .
Ford Motor Co reports slim profit for 2003 after losing more than $ 6 billion over previous two years ; net earnings were $ 495 million in 2003 compared with net loss of $ 980 million in 2002 ; net loss was was $ 793 million in fourth quarter compared with net loss of $ 130 million year ago ; revenue was $ 46 billion , up from $ 41.5 billion in 2002 quarter ; Ford will pay its 95,000 hourly workers in US $ 195 bonus on average , slightly above $ 160 bonus paid last year and $ 170 that General Motors will pay its 125,000 workers this year ( M )
After Netscape rejected Microsoft 's proposal , the Government contends , Microsoft embarked on what the prosecution regards as a pattern of practices intended to thwart competition .
A discussion on a bulletin board at Salon.com this year titled ''When Customer Profiling Goes Wrong '' described people 's befuddlement upon receiving off-the-wall recommendations from Amazon .
A deal with Blackstone , which had struck a deal last year to buy Equity Office at $ 48.50 a share before raising its bid in response to Vornado 's , could be completed by Feb. 8 .
He added , ''The Government should hire a contortionist to explain why they 're suing Microsoft , in the face of such powerful competition . ''
Other subsidiaries of Marsh & McLennan include Mercer Consulting Group ; Putnam Investments , the mutual funds company , and J & H Marsh & McLennan , a commercial insurance broker .
Microsoft has imagined a dream house before : 10 years ago the company unveiled its first such demonstration home .
''When Oracle 's paid nominees all agreed to be nominated , Oracle was only offering $ 19.50 per share for your stock .
The European Commission said it was ending an inquiry into Microsoft 's cable TV activities in Europe after the company agreed to end arrangements it had with some of its cable company partners .
Chief executives widely praise Pres Bush 's speech , saying it would help restore confidence in American business ; but many Wall Streeters and those who run large pension funds that own billions of dollars in stocks express disappointment Bush did not offer more specific proposals to clean up corporate wrongdoing ; two points of view represent competing visions of current scandal over corporate behavior : executives who feel their credibility is at stake and investors angered by cascading series of financial losses and string of accounting failures ; institutional investors feel more sweeping changes in boardroom rules and accounting oversight are needed , while others , mainly business leaders , say they oppose any move toward greater regulation ; Felix Rohatyn , longtime Wall Street financier , says he was hoping for more commitment to regulatory reform and to corporate governance reform ; United Technologies Corp chief executive George David says speech was needed because people are losing confidence ; Bethlehem Steel Corp chief executive Robert S Miller says Bush struck nice bipartisan balance ; Sealed Air Corp chief executive William Hickey suggests jail time for executives who rob shareholders ; Thermo Electron Corp chief executive Richard F Syron says companies should put as much emphasis on traits like integrity and honesty as they do on technical skills when selecting executives ; Albertson 's chief executive Larry Johnston praises Bush 's speech ; California Public Employees ' Retirement System chief executive James E Burton says his concern is whether speech was just more political rhetoric or whether it was truly call for action ; Council of Institutional Investors executive director Sarah Teslik expresses disappointment ; Corporate Library executive Robert A G Monks says nonsense of not calling stock option an expense should be stopped ; Peter G Peterson , chairman of Blackstone Group , calls speech 'too little , too late and too general ' ; Goldman Sachs chief executive Henry M Paulson Jr says Bush is serious about driving abuses out of system ; Morgan Stanley chief executive Philip J Purcell says corporate wrongdoing is 'not systemic at all ' ; Citigroup chief executive Sanford I Weill praises Bush ; photos ( M )
Officials said the bid by Transportacion Maritima Mexicana S.A. , the nation 's largest ocean freight company , and Kansas City Southern Industries Inc. would likely be accepted , though it must undergo a technical review by Government accountants and other scrutiny .
In exchange for giving these companies space on its online shopping center and promoting their offerings , Amazon.com receives millions of dollars over a period of years .
''Nike remains absolutely committed to our remarkable 15-year global partnership with Wieden & Kennedy , '' he added .
Raising the ante in the video game wars , Microsoft is bringing out a new version of the Xbox 360 game machine that has a bigger hard drive , better high-definition video support and a stylish black finish , not an insignificant feature in a world where looking cool ranks high .
Advertising column describes innovative new advertising campaigns for detergents , shampoos and anti-perspirants from Procter & Gamble Co , company long known for its staid , hard-sell campaigns ; frisky campaigns have revived man-on-the-street device to sell products ; Leo Burnett and Grey Advertising are among P & G 's advertising agencies ; photos ( M )
Riding a surge in trading of stocks and bonds , Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Company reported yesterday that its first-quarter net income rose 49 percent , making it the fourth big investment bank to post stronger-than-expected earnings .
Rapper Snoop Dogg and surviving members of The Doors collaborate on new version of 1971 Doors song for Electronic Arts video game ; music labels , once reluctant , are now eager to provide music for games , a change of heart explained by decline in record sales and rise of game sales ; video games are now important avenue for marketing both emerging and established artists ; photos ( M )
The framework document from Microsoft mentioned easing the contract restrictions on computer makers , such as allowing them greater freedom in presenting software products from Microsoft 's rivals on the first desktop screen that users see when they turn on their machines .
A Microsoft worker was assigned to ''assemble B-roll and radio sound bite packages of the courthouse step comments and disseminate to all media . ''
The internal demand for chips used in I.B.M .
That document , he said , called for I.B.M .
Cisco reinforced that feeling with its earnings report .
Mr. Icahn 's possible strike comes amid increasing anxiety among investors about Time Warner , whose share price has been anemic in recent years .
Xerox plans to introduce two office printers -- a 32-page-a-minute unit costing $ 2,900 and a 24-page-a-minute one costing $ 2,450 -- that it will demonstrate in tandem with at least one Hewlett-Packard printer .
Stock analysts raced to lower their Nike profit forecasts for up to two years .
Citigroup 's purchase of Old Lane is particularly spectacular considering Old Lane 's short and unimpressive track record .
Comcast 's faster connections will sell for $ 52.95 a month , $ 10 more a month than the three megabit lines it now offers .
But analysts said it was necessary for Anne M. Mulcahy , Xerox 's chairwoman and chief executive , to demonstrate to Wall Street that after two years of drastic measures to reduce losses and stabilize the company , she now has a strategy to make it grow .
In the 23 years since I.B.M .
That is more than five times the number of older versions of the Walkman it sold last fiscal year , but still a far cry from the 6.2 million iPods that Apple sold in the three months through June .
Instead , under the contract the state signed with Citigroup , the parent of Citibank , New York welfare recipients must pay fees if they make more than four cash withdrawals in a month -- and they may face fees on every withdrawal if they make them from machines other than the relatively small number of Citibank machines that are available without fees .
In the June ruling , a Federal appeals court said that Microsoft could bundle its browser with its industry-standard Windows operating system and call them one product .
Mr. Ballmer , who has a reputation as a hands-on manager who likes to burrow deeply into the company 's different businesses , said that the reorganization had nothing to do with the bitter antitrust lawsuit Microsoft is now fighting with the Federal Government and 19 states .
A spokesman for News Corporation , however , said the company would not charge excessive prices for its programming .
Microsoft plans to incorporate a user-identification approach into its operating systems and software products , and the company says the change could speed up business-to-business transactions and increase the level of confidence in those online transactions .
Microsoft previously focused on licensing its software to manufacturers of portable players .
Motorola , however , has no plans to pay for the co-branding opportunity .
Other networks have negotiated deals with YouTube privately while Viacom executives have openly criticized the video site when Viacom owned-shows like ''The Colbert Report '' appeared there .
But in short order , no one doubted who was firmly in control of the newsrooms .
Fueled in part by the Internet boom and the rush to start small innovative companies that capture the spirit which Apple once exemplified , many of the best and brightest at Apple , the nation 's third largest computer maker , have fled .
Morgan Stanley and Bear Stearns report strong fourth-quarter profits ; Morgan reports earnings of $ 1.2 billion , up 18 percent from year ago and 43 percent more than third quarter ; earnings were $ 4.5 billion for year , up 18 percent from year earlier ; Bear Stearns earned $ 352.6 million in fourth quarter , up 22.3 percent from year ago ; posts record profit of $ 1.4 billion for year , up 14.8 percent from last year ( M )
Microsoft says it needs only to show that bundling Windows and Explorer passes what might be called a ''gross '' consumer benefits test -- that it offers an immediate benefit , whether or not it causes long-term damage to competition and , therefore , ultimately to consumers .
Motorola Inc expects to take $ 500 million charge against earnings in fourth quarter , move that would essentially write off its entire exposure to Iridium LLC , struggling global satellite telephone service ; charge would bring Motorola 's entire write-off to more than $ 2.3 billion ; announcement comes a day after Motorola announces $ 994 million pretax charge against third-quarter earnings ( M )
Discussions between General Motors and Chrysler , which were first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal , were described by those with knowledge of them as ''ongoing and positive '' but far from complete .
Some new jewelry lines are now offered , like the pieces by Frank Gehry , hired by Tiffany in 2005 , but those I found -- squiggly bracelets , metal mesh bracelets and earrings studded randomly with pearls -- would appeal to an artier crowd than Tiffany attracts .
''The order issued yesterday by the Court of Appeals clearly shows that the court is prepared to move expeditiously , which is in the best interests of all parties , '' Microsoft said today .
In splitting itself into three companies , the AT & T Corporation might seem to be replaying the original Bell System breakup of more than a decade ago .
And late in the day she spoke by phone with Tod Machover , the composer of the audience-participation , Internet-connected ''Brain Opera , '' which was presented last summer at Lincoln Center , and which Ms. Stein hoped might be adaptable to the Microsoft Network .
But analysts said Mr. Yudhoyono 's sudden and sweeping move was likely to produce a deal at last for Exxon Mobil to pump oil near the central Javan town of Cepu .
AT & T , like other major telecommunications companies , continued to see a decline in its traditional telephone business .
First working computers based on principles of quantum mechanics are built by scientists at IBM Corp , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , University of California at Berkeley and University of Oxford in England ; processor of a quantum computer consists of atoms of hydrogen and chlorine in chloroform , and scientists use it to sort unordered list of items ; drawing ( M )
Microsoft replies that since 1994 it was always the company 's intention to put browsing software in its operating system to benefit consumers .
General Motors , once reluctant to change agencies on its principal brands , is doing so for the second time in four months .
Also , today was the start of a project in which the five major record labels are testing the sale of music over the Internet using I.B.M .
Without Exxon pulling with the rest of the world , it will take longer to solve global warming . ''
In its complaint filed last week , the Justice Department accused Microsoft of using its dominance of the operating systems market to force computer makers to include Microsoft 's Internet Explorer Web browser on their machines .
The deal is a deviation from Legg Mason 's pattern of buying single-strategy managers with solid track records .
Intel , Microsoft says , was eventually persuaded to stop pushing a misguided technology effort that could have hobbled the rollout of new personal computers running Windows 95 , the operating system Microsoft released in August 1995 .
''They could have picked up the phone to call us rather than filing a lawsuit , '' Mr. Caldwell said , noting that he has not had any discussions about the offending e-mail with Microsoft .
For its part , Intel rose 9.4 percent , to $ 16.52 , before it released its earnings figures .
Correction ; Jan 4 chart about leading merger and acquisition advisers misstated value of deals in 2006 ; for Goldman Sachs , it was $ 1.088 trillion ; for industry as whole , it was $ 3.805 trillion
Cablevision 's decision , which was made late Friday , came a few days after SBC Communications also decided to drop out of the bidding for control of Hughes , which is a unit of General Motors .
Mona Williams , a Wal-Mart spokeswoman , said the company received hundreds of calls a day from reporters .
A consortium led by the American International Group has won shareholder approval to take a controlling stake in Hanaro Telecom , the No.2 high-speed Internet provider in South Korea , for $ 500 million .
Top policy analysts at these groups have written newspaper opinion pieces around the country supporting Wal-Mart , defended the company in interviews with reporters and testified on its behalf before government committees in Washington .
Union Pacific handles 80 percent of all rail freight across the border , and 61 percent of the traffic through Laredo .
Whirlpool 's offer also includes a mix of stock and cash , making it slightly more risky than Ripplewood 's all-cash offer .
The company 's first chip , introduced in 2000 , worked by emulating the instructions for Intel 's X86 chips in software .
Microsoft Official Says Company Sought Cooperation
''By splitting the deal out , we are able to maximize the value in the form of three-quarters of a billion dollars while at the same time retaining the two units that made up half of the profits of the group , '' said Robert S. McWade , a vice president at Raytheon .
Indeed , this represents the second co-branding agreement between Frito-Lay and Clorox .
Mr. Bossidy has been handing out new option grants to people throughout Honeywell .
In the Chevron case , auditors in the Minerals Management Service were addressing an issue that had bedeviled royalty enforcement for decades : How does the government make sure it gets its due when companies sell natural gas to businesses they partly own ?
A landlord is allowing tenants in 16 buildings in Manhattan to pay rent with American Express , which gives cardholders rewards points each time the card is used .
The Procter & Gamble Company has consolidated North American television media services at units of the MacManus Group as Procter & Gamble Canada named Bensimon-Byrne/D.M.B. & B. in Toronto as the agency for English-language television in Canada .
Stirring Up the Cubicles at eBay ; Executive Aims to Reinvigorate the Web Auction Business
Correctioin of headline accompanying October 23 front-page article on purchase of Honeywell International by General Electric
In the September issue of Slate , Nathan Myhrvold , a group vice president at Microsoft , all but predicted the reversal .
The European Commission threatened to open legal proceedings against Coca-Cola later this month if the company failed to address the antitrust concerns the commission has been investigating for five years , a spokesman said .
That appears to clear any others who might have been involved in the transaction , in which Tyson Foods was represented by the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock , Ark. , whose partners then included Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Johnson & Johnson , GlaxoSmithKline , Aventis , Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co say they are willing to help government prepare nation to battle anthrax , smallpox and other potential agents that could be used by terrorists ( M )
The move from Seattle is part of a Boeing effort to transform itself into a more diversified company and separate its corporate offices from any one division .
Frontpoint and Morgan Stanley declined to comment .
''that Arthur Andersen had learned its lesson '' in the Waste Management case .
made what turned out to be a strategic mistake : it chose outside suppliers for the crucial technologies of the microprocessor and the software operating system , helping Intel and Microsoft become two of the most profitable companies in the world .
Microsoft , Mr. Gates said , intends to file more than 3,000 patents in its 2005 fiscal year , which began this month , up from about 2,000 patent filings in fiscal 2004 .
But it is unclear how much higher Boston Scientific may go .
Apple May Plan Computer Chameleon to Reflect Owners ' Whims
''The Eastman Kodak Company is not making any money here , '' he said .
Veronique Schyns , a spokeswoman for Heineken , declined to discuss either Molson or Coors , but said , ''We always look at opportunities . ''
Motorola 's stock has risen from a 52-week low of $ 44.125 on Nov. 5 to a close today of $ 54.625 , up $ 2.75 .
Apple also introduced a line of Power Mac desktop machines with two microprocessors .
He pleaded guilty to offering a job to the Air Force 's chief weapons buyer , Darleen A. Druyun , while she was overseeing billions of dollars in Boeing contracts .
Omnicom , known for agencies like BBDO Worldwide and DDB Needham , is the world 's largest ad agency organization , according to Advertising Age , followed by Interpublic .
The belief that Microsoft was involved in the demise of Go contributed to the enmity that grew between it and its Silicon Valley competitors , which eventually led to the Justice Department antitrust suit .
Intel said it was now expecting to collect $ 8 billion to $ 8.2 billion for the quarter ending June 26 , with a gross-profit margin of 60 percent to 61 percent , about the same as in the first quarter and roughly 10 points higher than a year earlier .
Deutsche Bank 's chief executive Josef Ackermann earned 13.2 million euros ( $ 17.6 million ) last year , 11 percent more than 11.9 million euros he got in 2005 ; Credit Suisse Group chairman Walter B Kielholz received 16 million Swiss francs ( $ 13.2 million ) , 33 percent raise ; Goldman Sachs Group 's chief executive Lloyd C Blankfein received record $ 54 million in 2006 ; Citigroup 's head Charles O Prince III was paid almost $ 26 million ( M )
EBay expects revenue of more than $ 4 billion this year .
But Priceline sees the expansion of its ''name-your-price '' concept to everyday , small-ticket items as a way to expand its Web-based business .
action comes after USA Today reported last month that AT & T , BellSouth and Verizon provided the agency with call records on millions of Americans in surveillance done after the Sept. 11 attacks .
He said Microsoft was working with other technology firms to push for legislation and changes in international patent and trademark law .
Under pressure to increase output of its flu drug Tamiflu , the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Roche agreed yesterday to share control of production and sales of the medicine with Gilead Sciences , the California biotechnology company that invented it .
The agency will take pains to protect eBay users from ads that irritate , Ms. Verma said .
Judge Jackson was assigned that case , and in mid-December , he ordered Microsoft to offer computer makers a version of Windows that did not include Internet Explorer -- even though Microsoft had argued that Windows and Internet Explorer were the same product .
Moreover , the image crisis that the industry suffered after Merck 's withdrawal of Vioxx appears to be subsiding , in part because drug makers appear to have kept their promise to increase disclosure of data from clinical trials .
Time Warner has distanced itself from ''gangsta '' rap since 1995 , when Ms. Tucker and William J. Bennett , the conservative author and former Secretary of Education , led a campaign against the company and its ties to Interscope Records , a leading distributor of the music .
But the real question is not whether American Express can root out a few more bureaucrats .
Analysts say that for every dollar the price of a barrel of crude oil drops , Exxon forgoes $ 500 million in profit .
General Motors , the Ford Motor Company and the Chrysler Group held just 50.6 percent of auto sales in the United States last month , their lowest ever , according to figures released Thursday and compiled by the Autodata Corporation , which tracks industry sales .
Tyson Foods and ConocoPhillips have cooked up a new recipe for your pickup truck .
Ireland 's $ 121 billion economy , which rode the crest and crash of the dot-com wave , is once again pinning its hopes on technology investments from across the Atlantic , whether by Internet companies or manufacturers like Intel , just as the American economic revival is allowing companies to look abroad again .
For example , the Justice Department is concerned about the inclusion in Windows 98 of Netshow , Microsoft 's audio and video interface for the Web , which competes directly with Apple Computer Company 's Quicktime software .
General Motors ' board will consider whether turnabout is for real ; GM 's biggest investor Kirk Kerkorian , disagrees with management 's assertion that company is well on its way to recovery ; Kerkorian -- through his adviser who now sits on GM 's board , Jerome B York -- has pushed GM to discuss possible alliance with Carlos Ghosn , who runs both Renault and Nissan ; associates say Kerkorian is concerned that his idea for broad alliance is being kicked under rug by GM 's chief executive Rick Wagoner , who sees it as challenge to his authority ; range of measurements from companies like J D Power & Associates , Edmunds.com and Consumers Union show mixed performance by GM during last three years ; GM has been able to cut rebates it offers buyers , resale value of its cars has risen from last year and it can command more for its cars and trucks than industry average ; its market share has dropped most of any car company ; vice chairman Robert A Lutz says GM 's progress is genuine and not just result of deteriorating performance at Ford and Chrysler ; bond managers have grown more fond of GM as value of its debt increases and company appears less likely to default ; analysts say they have hard time getting clear read on GM 's financial results ; graphs ( M )
As recently as 2000 , Halliburton 's shares traded in the $ 50 's ; the shares climbed 18 cents Thursday , to close at $ 32.24 , after investors reacted to Mr. Lesar 's comments .
The results ''reflect the benefits of the disciplined focus that Apple has undertaken in recent months , '' Mr. Jobs said in a statement .
As of Oct. 18 , when Starbucks began the customized CD system in three Seattle stores , the chain began competing with iTunes and other big names in digital music .
Boeing has had little incentive to spend heavily to phase out one of its planes until there is a viable threat from Airbus .
Mr. Wright , who said Six Sigma was an effective training tool , but sometimes `` the dog you kick , '' said he cared most about one thing : the seamless transition of Universal Pictures from an independent studio to one of General Electric 's own .
''It has always been the board 's objective to secure the best possible transaction for Warner-Lambert shareholders , '' Lodewijk J. R. de Vink , chairman of Warner-Lambert , said in a statement , ''and we will now pursue discussions with Pfizer to determine if a combination with them to achieve that goal is possible . ''
Dispute between Manhattan prosecutors escalates as aides to Dist Atty Robert Morgenthau accuse US Attorney 's Office of pursuing major insider trading case only after Morgenthau 's office first brought public charges ; state prosecutors fail in effort to persuade Judge Shira A Scheindlin to block plea bargain that defendant , Marisa Baridis , has reached with Federal prosecutors ; state prosecutors say they also should pursue such case ; Baridis pleaded guilty in scheme to misappropriate insider information from her former employers , Morgan Stanley and Smith Barney ( S )
In addition to concentrating more of its energy on its core businesses , Verizon is also trying to reassure investors , who have seen the company 's stock fall 21 percent this year .
For tens of thousands of union workers , their managers and many customers , yesterday was a time for trying to bridge the chasms that emerged during the emotional 15-day walkout at Verizon , which was formed only this summer by the merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE .
Several suggest that the sudden death last month of Harry L. Kavetas , 61 , Kodak 's chief financial officer and one of Mr. Fisher 's closest advisers , dampened Mr. Fisher 's enthusiasm .
Take the recent management-led buyout of Kinder Morgan by a group of investors including Goldman Sachs .
Intel , the world 's largest chip maker , reported a 38 percent decline in quarterly profit Wednesday in the face of stiff competition from Advanced Micro Devices and a general slowdown in the personal computer market that caused inventories to swell .
In the Government 's news conference , Mr. Klein made reference to a statement by a Microsoft group vice president , Paul Maritz , ''to cut off the air supply '' from Netscape by giving away products in every business in which the company , based in Mountain View , Calif. , had revenue .
Mike Fitzgerald , the trustee overseeing Chapter 13 bankruptcy filings by individuals in the western district of Washington , estimated recently that he had seen 25 cases filed by Microsoft workers related to options .
A larger Oracle would probably mean a stronger group of products , he said .
Whirlpool contends its European business is growing and will be back in the black by 1998 , and Mr. Whitwam calls its decision to sell two of its four ventures in China a ''temporary retreat . ''
These assignments , Mr. Scott said , were ones that Morgan Stanley would not traditionally have been given .
'Goldman Sachs ' on a résumé , it seems , gives continuing rewards .
''It 's not just Intel versus A.M.D .
Cnooc pleaded with officials in Washington that it was simply attempting a ''friendly '' takeover of Unocal with a higher bid and would even pay the $ 500 million breakup fee if Unocal agreed to abandon its earlier agreement with Chevron .
Now , by moving Apple a step closer to Google , with its command over online advertising , Mr. Jobs may be positioning Apple to play an even more influential role in the converging worlds of media and computing .
Both said they expected the turnaround of Interpublic , which works for blue-chip clients like Coca-Cola , General Motors and Unilever , would take two to three years .
But in the early 1980 's , I.B.M .
Cisco is certainly not going to go away , just like I.B.M .
Johnson & Johnson 's proposed acquisition of the Guidant Corporation is expected to be approved by the Federal Trade Commission as early as today , executives involved in the deal said yesterday .
Amazon executives declined to make any other forecasts for 2002 or say when it would start to turn a profit by conventional standards .
But the outcome was quickly thrown into question when Boston Scientific dismissed Guidant 's agreement with Johnson & Johnson , saying : ''Our discussions with Guidant are ongoing .
This crowded field could pose risks for Apple , if its product were seen to fall short of the competition .
Singapore Airlines will buy 10 Boeing 777-200 aircraft with option to buy 10 more , order worth $ 4 billion ; airline will use aircraft to replace Airbus A310-300 's on routes within Southeast Asia ; new Boeing planes will use engines from Rolls-Royce ( S )
AT & T executives said today that they were confident that they had made a strong case to the F.C.C. , but they declined to predict the commission 's action .
Five of the eight tokens in the new Monopoly Here and Now edition will be branded , offering game players the chance to be represented by miniature versions of a Toyota Prius hybrid car , an order of McDonald 's French fries , a New Balance running shoe , a cup of Starbucks coffee or a Motorola Razr cellphone .
Mr. Peterson said he thought that Wal-Mart 's method would be more effective in appealing to customers because it relies on powerful brand names that have million of dollars in advertising backing them up .
''Nothing we are doing here will or should prevent Microsoft from innovating or competing on the merits , '' Mr. Klein said .
In what could be seen as an endorsement of its high valuation , Yahoo also said yesterday that it had sold $ 250 million worth of stock to the Softbank Corporation of Japan at about $ 183 a share .
To put its underperformance in perspective , consider this : The gap between Citigroup 's stock price and an index of like companies has never been wider since the banking giant was created eight years ago , according to a Prudential Equity analysis .
She acknowledged that Sears 's sponsorship role on ''Extreme Makeover : Home Edition '' had ''given them enormous visibility in that particular show , '' adding , ''I can see where you would see that '' the accolades Sears has enjoyed from its sponsorship led Wal-Mart to pursue a branded-entertainment deal of its own .
Intel Corp plans to begin offering computer chips in 2000 that are built on new basic plan , called IA-64 ; new architecture bears little resemblence to Intel 's old Pentium and 486 chips ; will move data 64 bits at a time instead of current 32 ; new chips are designed for Web sites , corporate databases and other high-end users , not consumers ; photo ( M )
By using pooling accounting , Exxon is also better able to keep away any other company that may be interested in Mobil .
''We are surprised by the negative reaction to what we thought was positive news , '' said Albert R. Brashear , a spokesman at Motorola headquarters in Schaumburg , Ill. , near Chicago .
Wells Fargo said yesterday that it would buy the $ 34 billion in assets managed by Strong Financial , which has played a prominent role in the investigations into the mutual fund industry .
F Kenneth Iverson , former chief executive of Nucor Corp who revolutionized steel industry and turned his steel mini-mill into nation 's largest steel producer ; dies at age 76 ; photo ( M )
Environmentalists applauded Starbucks ' move , but said that the company should do even more if it was serious about being a green company .
Hudson River Studios , ambitious plan to build television and movie soundstage complex on top of Manhattan office building , has been abandoned after Procter & Gamble Co , one of sponsors , withdraws financing ( M )
Scott Shuger spends the small hours each morning reading newspapers on line and writing a daily column for Microsoft 's on- line magazine , Slate , critiquing newspapers across the country .
Although it is a vehicle for Liberty 's half-interest in Discovery Communications as well as Liberty 's media services company , Ascent Media , it has no access to the cash flow generated by channels like Discovery , TLC and Animal Planet -- or control over its management .
Kodak and Kmart recently took out full page ads in 1,300 newspapers to entice consumers to recycle old photos on Kmart 's self-service Kodak machines .
Hynix , however , was reportedly pressing for considerably tougher terms than Micron was willing to offer and was also reluctant to give up all its operations to the company , which is based in Boise , Idaho .
Thomas J. Meredith , a co-founder of investment management firm Meritage Capital and a member of Motorola 's board , was named acting chief financial officer .
Details of the A.T. & T.-Viacom collaboration are expected to be explained at a news briefing in New York today .
Especially considering the success of William Shatner , the former Star Trek icon , who received 125,000 stock options -- worth millions today -- to pitch for Priceline.com .
Verizon Wireless said yesterday that it would deploy an advanced data network that will allow people to use the Internet at high speed on mobile phones and other devices , including laptop computers .
In July 2003 , Samuel J. Palmisano , the chief executive of I.B.M. , traveled to Beijing to explore the sale of the company 's personal computer business .
The computer , a type of I.B.M .
Executives close to the discussions between Lucent and Cisco said the talks broke off three or four months ago .
The system uses technology created by Picturevision Inc. ; Kodak owns 51 percent of Picturevision , and America Online plans to buy 10 percent of the remaining shares .
I.B.M .
For example , the Government has contended that in June 1995 , Microsoft executives met with executives of the Netscape Communications Corporation , then a start-up with a program for browsing the Internet 's World Wide Web .
Kodak 's President to Become Chief Executive on June 1
Ford Motor Co has formed Premier Automotive Group to market Lincoln , Jaguar , Aston Martin and Volvo ; group is now selling twice as many luxury cars as General Motors ; group vice president Wolfgang Reitzle is also chairman of Jaguar and Volvo ; he comments on sales plans ; photos ( M )
''The law is different ; the decision makers are different , '' Microsoft 's associate general counsel for Europe , Middle East and Africa , Horacio E. Gutiérrez , said on Sunday .
Microsoft employees are still restricted from flying first class and can upgrade to business class only on international flights .
Intel is now going head to head with its competition in the low-priced market .
His testimony undercut Microsoft 's assertion in recent months that the company made the decision to develop a Web browser and integrate it with Windows in April 1994 , before Netscape even existed .
Roughly 60 percent of the planes in China today are Boeings , compared with around 15 percent for Airbus .
Mr. Wurzel noted that Texas , a leader of the multistate investigation of Microsoft early this year , dropped out just before the suit was filed .
Steve Lohr and John Markoff special report , Digital Engine Rooms , on proliferation of huge computer data centers ; International Business Machines Corp 's data center in Schaumburg , Ill , is one of engine rooms of Internet , powering World Wide Web sites and electronic commerce operations of some 400 companies and organizations ; such computer centers , known as server farms , are unglamorous side of Internet revolution ; big data centers are sprouting up across country ; they have become billion-dollar business and represent sure sign of trend toward once again housing information and computer power centrally -- reversal of last two decades of computing ; graph ; photo ( M )
Sun and I.B.M .
FCB/Leber Gets More AT & T Work
The average air fare rates were calculated from hundreds of domestic and international routes negotiated for corporate clients by American Express , from discount coach to first class .
Technology used by eBay , which reports 95 million registered users , will also allow the site to direct certain ads toward users who behave in particular ways , said Mark Simmons , national manager for media and strategy at Toyota 's United States division .
Verizon did not market the e-mail listing service at all , except for a one-page ad inside its white pages , sometimes heralded by a highlight on the cover .
In several cases , Whole Foods ' prices were , in fact , the lowest .
''We believe in the products and services we offer , '' said Srinjia Srinivasan , vice president and editor in chief at Yahoo .
In January , Boeing 's chairman , Philip M. Condit , flanked by the Rev .
Shares in two Hyundai companies rose after rumors emerged that a group led by the American International Group was nearing a deal to buy one of them .
Accenture , world 's largest consulting firm , is at risk of losing hundreds of millions in revenue unless it can persuade lawmakers that it is different from other companies that recently established official headquarters in Bermuda and other tax havens ; in 2001 , Accenture formally split off from Arthur Andersen , accounting firm that recently filed for bankruptcy , after rancorous dispute over how to divide profits for accounting and consulting sides of the business ; Roxanne Taylor , director of corporate communications , contends that Accenture never was an American company ; says that Andersen Consulting , as Accenture was known before breakup , was network of partnerships , corporations and other business structures , all of which were folded into Accenture when it was formed in Bermuda 18 months ago ; Congress is on verge of barring federal contracts to companies that acquired offshore address simply to cut their American taxes ; chart ( M )
Besides betting on highly touted software developed by General Magic , AT & T bought Ziff-Davis 's on-line computer network and the technology underlying it .
Secret settlement talks begin between Microsoft Corp and Federal and state authorities who filed antitrust charges against company almost a year ago ( M )
Hershey Raising Its Candy Prices
Microsoft 's conduct includes agreements tying other Microsoft software products to Microsoft 's Windows operating system ; exclusionary agreements precluding companies from distributing , promoting , buying or using products of Microsoft 's software competitors or potential competitors ; and exclusionary agreements restricting the right of companies to provide services or resources to Microsoft 's competitors or potential competitors .
Brazilian Government and car makers reach agreement cutting taxes on automobiles as effort to save jobs in industry battered by high interest rates ; accord maintains previous pact that lowered taxes on small- and medium-sized cars in exchange for pledges from car makers , including General Motors Corp and Fiat , to delay layoffs ; taxes will remain reduced for 90 days ; car makers will suspend job cuts for 120 days ; agreement coincides with news that unemployment in Sao Paulo , heart of country 's auto industry , rose to record 20.3 percent in April , from 19.9 percent in March ( S )
Intel reported its earnings after the stock market closed , and its shares fell slightly in after-hours dealing .
This was during one of Mr. O'Neill 's most legendary performances , in which he kept bragging that he had not worked in Washington since the Ford administration , and referred to ''the government , whatever that is . ''
Boeing was dealt a new setback recently when it learned that one of its suppliers had shipped it thousands of defective electrical connectors .
For Adobe 's founders , the focus on marketing to big corporate users is a departure from the company 's roots .
According to Mr. Gottlieb 's lawyers at the firm of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld , the collateral for the Prudential loan represents less than 7 percent of TeeVee Toons ' holdings and does not include any royalty rights over its new artists , which include Default , Sevendust and Lil Jon .
Citigroup is planning job cuts in its investment banking and corporate banking businesses , with more than 1,000 employees to be dismissed , according to executives who were briefed on the plans .
The recent upturn in the Japanese economy has not yet improved I.B.M .
The 70-minute video showed James E. Allchin , a senior company executive , performing live tests and then looking into the camera and saying that he had proved his point -- that a prototype Government program intended to separate Microsoft 's Web browser from the Windows operating system had really done no such thing .
I.B.M .
A fashion designer who thinks he has made it because he has a corner at Bergdorf Goodman , who enjoys the esteem of a few New York editors and socialites , would n't even graze the consciousness of a Wal-Mart shopper .
No wonder the engineers who build the various other chips and hardware components in today 's PC 's -- all of which depend on being compatible with Intel 's technology -- are intensely curious about what new features Intel may be planning .
Greg Maffei , Microsoft 's chief financial officer , said in a telephone interview that the company was feeling both the slowing of personal computer sales that affected other companies , as well as the aging of many products , like Windows 95 and Office 97 .
Perhaps most surprising , WorldCom 's chief rival , AT & T , also argues that the company will need to maintain some pricing discipline .
Sears , Roebuck & Co sells its credit card portfolio to Citigroup for $ 3 billion in cash ; portfolio includes Sears private-lable cards and co-branded MasterCards ; sale is strategic shift for Sears as it repositions itself as stand-alone retailer without buffer of credit card operation that has provided hedge against unpredictability of retail business for so many years ; credit card business provides about 60 percent of Sears 's annual profits , or about $ 1.5 billion , far more than at any other retailer ; Citigroup will continue to operate business under Sears name ; photo ( M )
Talks with Kodak employees , managers and outsiders paint a picture of a company that is setting strong antidiscrimination policies , and trying to enforce them -- but with varying degrees of success .
Procter & Gamble is embarking on multimillion-dollar campaign for Ivory soap that emphasizes Ivory 's purity and heritage ; for six months , about one-third of all Ivory soap bars distributed in US , or 55 million bars , will have special packaging based on original late 19th-century design ; Procter & Gamble is running contest with these special bars ; $ 3 million advertising campaign was designed by Interbrand Hulefeld ; photo ( M )
Oracle , the executives say , contends the promotion acts as a poison pill to make PeopleSoft more costly to acquire .
The Raytheon Company said yesterday that it had agreed to sell parts of its appliance business for $ 550 million to the Goodman Holding Company , a maker of furnaces and air-conditioners .
The long-sought goal of being able to speak directly to a computer rather than type on a keyboard will take a step closer to reality today , when I.B.M .
Interbrand Group , Omnicom Group unit , buys Tudhope Associates ( S )
The continuing weakness in the personal computer market underscored the need for Apple to move more aggressively into the consumer electronics markets , he said .
Federal appeals court upholds antitrust settlement Microsoft reached with federal government in 2001 ; state of Massachusetts challenged settlement , seeking stronger sanctions against Microsoft ; ruling removes legal cloud over company , freeing it up to use some of its more than $ 50 billion in cash to buy back shares or pay larger dividend ( M )
''He seemed very sincere , '' the Microsoft official said .
Pfizer , which has 106,000 employees and about $ 50 billion in annual sales , is still highly profitable , but it will lose patent protection on its best-selling drugs over the next five years .
Intel 's net income for the fourth quarter was $ 1.5 billion , or 26 cents a share , including the cost associated with stock option expenses .
After poring over Guidant 's confidential financial records for more than a month , Boston Scientific said yesterday that it would make a formal , binding bid for the company that is worth $ 25 billion in cash and stock .
Microsoft , to be sure , has a huge vested interest in making sure that the markets for applications and operating systems remain tightly coupled .
The deal is another move by Yahoo to take advantage of its $ 34 billion stock market value by using its shares to pay for acquisitions .
Toyoda Automatic Loom Works , Toyota Motor Corp affiliate , reportedly plans joint venture with Texas Instruments to build $ 1.5 billion semiconductor factory in Japan ( M )
The effect on consumers of yesterday 's decision to split the Microsoft Corporation into two companies remains unclear , in large part because Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson 's orders are on hold until the appeals process is concluded , which could take years .
''To the extent that Vodafone chooses a different strategic path and might be interested '' in AT & T Wireless , he added , ''we certainly would not shy away from wanting to own 100 percent of Verizon Wireless . ''
Nonetheless , Boeing executives were expected to go ahead with the 7E7 project , simply because they would otherwise see Airbus Industrie , their global rival , move out of sight in a vapor trail ahead of them .
In August 2004 , Microsoft said that it would release Vista sometime in 2006 , and that it was scaling back its technical ambitions for the product by removing an intelligent data-storage system , called WinFS .
Not to be outdone , the General Motors Corporation is planning to redesign the Suburban over the next two years to make it more appealing to families who want to treat it as an oversized car rather than a truck for towing boats and horse trailers .
The latest to sour on its prospects is Henry McVey , a highly regarded analyst at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter .
General Motors Corp sharply criticizes Bush administration 's top auto regulator Dr Jeffrey Runge for questioning safety of some sport utility vehicles , signaling surprising rift between auto industry and administration ; says National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's data show that sport utility vehicles are among safest vehicles on road and have contributed to dramatic decline in nation 's fatality rate ; argues that majority of rollover deaths occurred because people were not wearing seat belts ( M )
And Boeing executives , who uniformly say lost sales are due to politics rather than to quality , did say they expected to sell more planes in China than Airbus this year .
European Commission begins inquiry into Microsoft Corp 's Windows 2000 , new operating system scheduled to go on sale on Feb 17 ; commission says other software companies have complained that new system could help Microsoft extend its dominance from personal computer software to systems that run servers and manage electronic commerce ; Microsoft says probe will not delay Windows 2000 's introduction ( S )
Tom Miller , the attorney general of Iowa , speaking on behalf of the 19 states that are partners with the Justice Department in the Microsoft case , said the ruling ''sends a strong message that no company is above the law . ''
Turkey is Procter 's 12th-largest market , the value of its currency , the lira , had declined 32 percent in less than a week .
Designers at I.B.M .
Directors of Normandy Mining Ltd , Australia 's largest gold producer and target of bidding war between Anglo-Gold and Newmont Mining Corp , expect to get better offer from Newmont soon ( S )
Since the abrupt dismissal last week of Apple 's chairman and chief executive , Gilbert F. Amelio , concerns had mounted that the board had acted in the face of a potential financial meltdown .
Mr. Iverson stepped down as Nucor 's chief executive in 1996 and retired as Nucor chairman in 1998 .
and Microsoft is that if you take too much of a leadership role , you risk becoming more a focal point for Y2K worries and lawsuits , '' said Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities and a Year 2000 expert .
Last month , Johnson & Johnson said it might have to delay its acquisition of Guidant because of issues related to the recalls .
Wal-Mart settled one case involving 69,000 workers in Colorado for $ 50 million four years ago .
Mr. Nacchio of A.T. & T. conceded that some customers could pay higher rates during a transition , but he said the situation should not have come as a surprise .
Confronted with even angrier protests and threats of a boycott , Apple finally did the right thing this week and agreed to reinstate the earlier orders and original prices , but only for people who ordered systems before Oct. 13 .
Bronner Slosberg Humphrey in Boston , most recently a consultant to American Express , was awarded assignments aimed at consumers .
Since the beginning of the year , ChevronTexaco , the world 's fourth-largest oil company , has taken a beating among many analysts and investors , with its stock price falling more precipitously than those of its peers .
Capital One issued 630,000 cards by the end of 1997 , a year after its introduction , according to the Nilson Report .
Microsoft Sites Shut , This Time in Network Attack
Together , Bell Atlantic and Nynex would be the second-largest phone company in the United States after AT & T -- with a stock market value of $ 51 billion , annual sales of close to $ 27 billion , 127,600 employees and more than 36 million customers in 12 Eastern states .
Investors pushed shares up nearly 15 percent yesterday after PepsiCo released its results .
Mr. Nacchio has sent a letter to investors saying that he would consider other alternatives , including going directly to Frontier and U S West shareholders .
EBay officials and store owners , however , say criminals are not likely to walk into a drop-off store , offer personal information , leave a telephone number and wait for a check to arrive in the mail .
Since then , he said , Kodak got to know executives at both companies , a fact Mr. Kerpelman said should ease the integration process .
Selling Gadgets in a Wal-Mart World
The Netscape campaign , according to Nathan Myhrvold , chief technology officer of Microsoft , resembles a ''Nixon-era dirty tricks team . ''
*Caterpillar , also dissatistifed with the meager revenues that its two-year-old corporate licensing department gleans from Caterpillar 's manufacturing expertise , now aggressively pushes its methodologies on the Web , through its home page and through Yet2.com , an Internet technology marketplace that Caterpillar partly owns .
But labor leaders assert that while Wal-Mart 's prices are low , its wages and health benefits are often so skimpy that they leave many workers below the poverty line and pressure competitors to reduce pay and benefits .
It set up a business there 20 years ago , and there are now 4,200 I.B.M .
He said CNN executives had similar concerns in 1996 , when Time Warner merged with Turner Broadcasting .
Typically , Intel gives such software to developers , including Microsoft , which has often added Intel-developed enhancements to its operating systems .
Still , he did endorse portions of the Boeing tanker plan at a variety of public events .
''This is the first of many products that are going to come out of the AT & T-BellSouth merger , '' said Ralph de la Vega , group president of regional wireline operations for AT & T , of San Antonio .
Some investors specializing in troubled companies have made money investing in Enron Corp in last few weeks , even as creditors continue to fight in bankruptcy court over company 's remaining assets ; investors have profited , at least on paper , by analyzing one variety of Enron 's many complicated financing vehicles ; these investors , known as vultures because they aim at ailing companies , have largely focused on $ 2.4 billion in securities issued by Citigroup from November 1999 to May 2001 ; Richard Casher , partner with Kasowitz , Benson , Torres & Friedman , law firm representing some of vultures , says these securities entitle holders to unsecured claim on assets of Enron North America ; Swiss bank UBS acquired that business in January , but Enron retains interest in its future profits and retains trading portfolio created before Enron 's bankruptcy filing in December ( M )
I.B.M. , it was decreed , would embark on a costly program to make all its hardware and software work seamlessly with Linux .
Yesterday , Morgan Stanley shares rose $ 1 , to $ 50.88 , a 2 percent gain .
The fugitive , Kenneth Fetterman , 35 , was indicted in March 2001 on federal charges of wire fraud , mail fraud and money laundering in connection with attempts to auction fake artworks on eBay , including a painting purporting to be by Richard Diebenkorn that drew a bid for nearly $ 136,000 .
Ford Promotes Executive From E-Business
Drs Dimitri Kanevsky and Wlodek Zadrozny invent for IBM a software sidekick that operates from car dashboard to help relieve loneliness of long-distance solo driver ; system is designed to initiate conversations , tell corny jokes , play word games , change radio station and otherwise entertain driver ; can alert driver to signs of drowsiness ; photo ( M )
In an E-mail to his executive staff today , William H. Gates , chairman of the Microsoft Corporation , said that the Government 's antitrust case was seriously undercut by America Online 's planned $ 4.2 billion purchase of the Netscape Communications Corporation .
AT & T and Time Warner said their deal would not require approval from Federal or state regulators .
Upjohn once had 2,000 workers in downtown Kalamazoo , but the cutbacks will leave that city with only 100 Pfizer employees .
Maurice R. Greenberg last night ended his long silence about the investigations into accounting practices at the American International Group while he was chief executive .
For a passing moment during his presentation of General Electric 's $ 45 billion acquisition of Honeywell International yesterday , John F. Welch Jr. interrupted himself to tip his hat to one of the men behind his biggest deal ever : his banker , Geoff Boisi , the head of investment banking at Chase Manhattan and the soon-to-be co-chief executive of J. P. Morgan investment banking .
Altria Seeks Ways to Split Into 3 Units
( As though these departures were n't enough , the Kodak offers yet another radical idea : it 's wireless .
( Unlike Mr. Kerstein 's trademark , Microsoft 's product name will use a space between Windows and 2000 . )
''I prefer to think of them as two different spaces entirely , '' Mr. Barrett said during a question-and-answer session after delivering a speech to open the company 's annual Intel Developer Forum , held here through Thursday .
The decline was the sharpest at General Motors , the world 's largest automaker .
Revenue reached $ 668.4 million , less than $ 24 million behind Mattel .
In part because of its image as a console for children , Nintendo 's GameCube has only 20 percent of the market in the United States , trailing the PlayStation 2 from Sony by a large margin and the Xbox from Microsoft by a smaller one , according to the NPD group , a market research firm .
At Apple and at Pixar , the digital movie studio he founded , Mr. Jobs has forced the recording industry and Hollywood to follow his lead in selling products in the digital world .
HBO and New Line Cinema will jointly acquire independent film distributor Newmarket Films ; newly restructured company , which has yet to be named , will be based in New York and distribute films made by HBO Films and New Line , which are both owned by Time Warner ; financial terms undisclosed ( M )
A combination could benefit both Reader 's Digest and Time Warner 's continuity-product business -- books or videos delivered to consumers .
Marriott , the world 's largest hotel management chain , is Avendra 's top customer and largest shareholder .
Though these captive-supplier relationships are slowly giving way to open competition , both the French and German equipment makers in recent years have cited AT & T 's position as both manufacturer and service provider as reasons to keep their domestic equipment markets closed .
Nearly 100 Internet sites , including Microsoft Corp 's MSN , Excite at Home and Lycos , agree to share their auction listings so that an item put up for sale on one site will be available for bidding on all other sites ; move is effort to catch up with huge popularity of Ebay , dominant on-line auction site ; new auction network is owned by Fairmarket , small company in Woburn , Mass ( M )
Indeed , private investigators from Pfizer surveying the Russian market found fakes that were , by the company 's own admission , of exceptional quality .
The Cisco Whiz Kid ; Young Deal Maker Is Force Behind Company 's Growth
''I get acrophobia when multiples go this high , '' said Ulysses Yannas , an analyst at Buckman , Buckman & Reid , who has a hold on Xerox stock .
had been removed , tasks that favored Intel had been added and several of the tasks that favored Intel had been repeated multiple times during the test .
''We should be competing as hard as we can for the next customer because that behavior is good for consumers , '' Mr. Neukom of Microsoft said .
At that point , the battle over Morgan Stanley 's future began .
In testimony yesterday before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Joseph E. Schmitz , the Pentagon inspector general , said that if the Boeing deal -- which later collapsed -- had gone ahead as planned , the Air Force would have committed ''major legal violations . ''
Playing brinkmanship at an elaborately staged news conference during the National Association of Broadcasters ' annual convention here , executives from the Compaq Computer Corporation , the Microsoft Corporation and the Intel Corporation spelled out the technical format for the digital televisions that Compaq and other PC makers plan to include as standard equipment in all personal computers sold in the United States starting next year -- a format incompatible with the digital technology that broadcasters plan to use .
The changes , which would be made in what is being called the 2004 Performance Incentive Plan , would make awards of restricted stock tied to future performance ''the primary form of long-term incentive compensation '' at Interpublic , according to the proxy .
`` We have focused for 100 years on integration as a strength , '' Robert E. Allen , the current chairman and chief executive of AT & T , said at a news conference in New York on Wednesday .
The account losses reached a point that they were cited by Interpublic as a reason ( among many ) for its poor financial performance in 2005 .
General Motors did not specify a dollar amount , but said it would increase its fourth-quarter ad budget 34 percent to promote new models from Buick , Cadillac , Chevrolet , Pontiac and other divisions .
The Government 's antitrust battle against the Microsoft Corporation has not tarnished the company 's reputation as an outstanding business that makes high-quality products .
* The singer Whitney Houston will appear in the first in a series of television commercials for AT & T 's True Voice service , by FCB/Leber Katz Partners , New York , begining tonight .
The chain 's role as a purveyor of pop culture -- a role that increases every time a new Wal-Mart opens , with 200,000-square-feet worth of products ranging from groceries to garden tools -- seems to be in an evolutionary stage , something not quite defined either by Wal-Mart or its customers .
This would be a clear indication that he intends to find against Microsoft on that charge .
CBS was undecided about how it would fill the time .
International Business Machines team that developed Fortran , programming language that was historic breakthrough in computing , in 1950 's recalled ; sought to simplify programming and open up computing to more people ; John Backus , who headed team , recalls effort , interview ; photos ( M )
Dell.com ranks first , with almost double the sales of Ticketmaster and Amazon , which rank second and third .
Priceline has also benefited from substantial cost-cutting .
''This does n't feel like a Disney situation quite yet , but if improvement relative to Morgan Stanley 's peers does n't materialize and something is not done to unlock value down the road , I think you could find an active proxy season in 2006 . ''
Amazon 's entry into the search engine wars will certainly raise the stakes in an already heated battle for control of what is believed to be the high ground in Internet commerce and advertising .
''This is quite exciting , '' said Bijan Davari , vice president for development at the I.B.M .
In the largest deal of its kind , Vornado Realty Trust is negotiating to buy control of the 110-story Twin Towers and the World Trade Center from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in a $ 3.25 billion deal .
Pfizer gained $ 1.9375 , to $ 37 .
Procter controls 32 percent of the United States market for shampoos , while Clairol controls 12 percent , A. C. Nielsen said .
The best-known of the open source projects is GNU Linux , an operating system that Microsoft regards as the leading competitive threat to Windows .
It was a mistake that Wal-Mart 's chief executive , H. Lee Scott Jr. , vowed the chain would not repeat this year .
When Microsoft purchased a refined version of QDOS from Mr. Paterson 's company , Seattle Computer Products , for the original I.B.M .
The Wal-Mart deal adds to the impression that when it comes to the Web , Federated is ahead of the game .
Mr. Bunn 's departure apparently had nothing to do with Bank of America 's announcement last week that it would be writing off $ 1.1 billion to $ 1.2 billion in loans in the fourth quarter .
Every time I double-click on a picture file , it opens on the Microsoft viewer program instead of my photo-editing program .
Since 1993 , Microsoft has invested $ 20 billion in cable companies and other television-related endeavors , said Mr. Doherty , adding that several of those ventures soured .
With Apple Computer releasing upgrades for its operating system software once or twice a year , Macintouch also takes a microscopic look at each new version and provides its readers with precise documentation on fresh features , as well as quirks , bugs and conflicts .
The new Campbell ''will become the Cadillac of the food business , and should command a higher multiple , so shareholder value will be created , '' said Terry Bivens , an analyst for Bear , Stearns & Company , said .
''Moody 's and S. & P. are the closest thing to the regulators handing a company a free pass at a corporate A.T.M .
Don Sancton , a spokesman for Pfizer 's Canadian unit , based in Montreal , said that until now , some distributors had supplied the information , while others had not .
Critics say that the accounting method , known as a pooling of interests , is not in the best interest of shareholders because it does not hold executives accountable for their actions if the total price they pay -- stock valued at $ 80 billion in Exxon 's case -- is too high .
Article contends that this holiday season may be first in which consumers give businesses that offer goods and services on Internet a significant amount of sales ; many Internet merchants have found that volume is up sharply this year as more consumers learn how to find what they want and become comfortable that they will not be defrauded ; American Express Co calculates that $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion will be spent making credit card purchases over Internet this year , with sales increasing at more than 400 percent pace annually ; more conservatively , Forrester Research puts figure at $ 2.4 billion , double last year 's total ( M )
Correction : February 18 , 2005 , Friday An article in Business Day yesterday about the consolidation of Vioxx lawsuits in a federal court in New Orleans misstated the reason Merck set aside $ 675 million .
''Microsoft is right when it says that its market position is under constant threat , '' said David Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard business school .
RealNetworks made direct appeal last week to its Internet music rival Apple Computer , suggesting that two companies form common front against Microsoft in digital music business ; offer to create 'tactical alliance ' was made by RealNetworks chief executive Rob Glaser in e-mail message to Apple chairman Steve Jobs ; Glaser strongly hinted that he might be forced to form partnership with Microsoft ; pact with Microsoft would be startling reversal for RealNetworks , whose complaints about Microsoft 's business tactics form major part of European Commission 's antitrust case against company ; photo ( M )
The PeopleSoft directors also had to be reassured that Mr. Ellison 's stance toward PeopleSoft and its business had changed since Oracle made its first bid in June 2003 .
He said it was considering joint ventures with other cable operators that have systems contiguous to Time Warner 's .
With bonus season approaching , Morgan Stanley is taking steps to restrict its star bankers from jumping to competitors .
With its deep pockets , Microsoft can take a long-term perspective on its research investment , he noted .
When Marion Stickle retired in January , after 25 years at Procter & Gamble , she had had enough of the grind .
Five executives from Wal-Mart Stores joined the board of Seiyu , a Japanese supermarket chain .
Still , trying to reduce programming costs is only one of several justifications Time Warner Cable and Comcast have given for buying Adelphia .
But in Monday 's announcement , Oracle appeared to be trying to appease PeopleSoft customers by stating that it planned to release an upgrade to PeopleSoft 's software , though there was no indication that Oracle would sustain two product lines for the long term .
WINDOWS 98 RESOURCE KIT ( Microsoft Press ; $ 69.99 . )
Apple did not return phone messages requesting comment .
In another move long demanded by medical associations , Aetna said that it would no longer insist that Texas doctors in small group practices accept low-paying members of health maintenance organizations or give up the business of other , better-paying Aetna networks .
Boston Scientific said it had received no complaints about deflation problems with the stents made after it changed its manufacturing process .
After Mr. Murdoch 's protest , The New York Post , also owned by the News Corporation , published news and opinion articles on the dispute that carried headlines like ''TV 's Racial Static . ''
Microsoft 's lawyers say it is far too early to talk about remedies .
So far , Wal-Mart has not gone so far as to imitate Ms. Stewart by naming products for elegant summer resorts , as she has done for Bar Harbor , Me. , and Santa Monica , Calif .
General Motors plans a shift toward building and selling more small cars after concluding that most of the growth will come in emerging markets where subcompacts and even smaller cars are most in demand , G.M .
Meanwhile , reacting to advertiser questions , online companies like Google , Yahoo and LookSmart have begun to meet with industry groups to answer basic questions on how click-based advertising works .
Lenovo has had long ties with I.B.M .
Vast reserves of natural gas and oil and the location of the island -- just north of the energy-hungry markets of Japan and Korea -- have drawn multinational companies like the Royal Dutch/Shell Group , ExxonMobil and BP .
Despite the healthy quarterly performance , I.B.M .
But it is an easy bite for Yahoo , which can simply exchange its highly valued stock for that of Broadcast.com .
The content of the channels doubled as a promotion for BSkyB as newscasters reminded nonsubscribers of the features they were missing .
Mr. Ovitz , who had been one of Hollywood 's highest fliers , was struggling to restore his power and prestige after Michael D. Eisner , the chairman of the Walt Disney Company , ousted him as president in January 1997 , after a turbulent 14 months in the job .
Mr. Galvin 's office sued Prudential Securities for failing to supervise Boston brokers who engaged in market timing and late trading of mutual funds that benefited hedge funds .
Goldman Sachs and Citigroup advised Telefonica of Spain on its $ 31.5 billion deal for O2 of Britain ; J P Morgan Cazenove and Merrill Lynch advised O2 ; RBC Capital Markets and Merrill Lynch are advising Barrick Gold of Canada on its unsolicited $ 9.2 billion offer for Placer Dome ; Barrick 's legal advisers are Davies Ward Phillips & Vineberg in Canada and Cravath , Swaine & Moore in US ; Nancy Everett , chief investment officer of General Motors Asset Management , will become president and chief executive on Jan 1 ; chief executive Allen Reed will assume new position of chairman and will retire early next year ; Deutsche Bank Securities hires Craig Ramsey as director in its real estate , gambling and lodging investment banking group ; Ralph J Acampora , former director of technical research at Prudential Equity Group , joins Knight Capital Group ; Banc of America Securities hires Paula Dominick as managing director ; Nicholas Burnham joins London office of Bear Stearns global securities lending and prime brokerage group as senior managing director ; W Clayton Johnson joins Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton as partner ; Paul D Kaplan , portfolio manager of GNMA Fund of Vanguard and co-manager of Wellington Fund , will retire in June ; Thomas L Pappas will become lead portfolio manager for GNMA Fund ; John C Keogh will oversee fixed-income portion of Wellington Fund ; Ronald J Cathcart is joining Washington Mutual as executive vice president and chief enterprise risk officer , replacing James Vanasek , who is retiring ( M )
Then , today , the appeals court ruling meant that Microsoft can continue to include its Explorer browser with about 90 percent of all computers sold in the foreseeable future .
I.B.M .
Microsoft executives were traveling yesterday and unavailable for comment , but several analysts said they believed that the software giant was scrambling to correct deficiencies in Windows CE .
The letter proposed that A.T. & T. exclusively adopt Microsoft 's software in its vast networks .
Mr. Weill built Citigroup over the last decade through a series of audacious acquisitions that culminated with the merger of Travelers and Citicorp , which for the first time combined a commercial bank and brokerage firm .
House Appropriations Committee votes to block border-security contract worth up to $ 10 billion between Homeland Security Department and Accenture because company is based outside US ; Republican-controlled committee votes 35-16 in favor of budget amendment that would prohibit contracts between agency and corporations based abroad and prevent overseas company already under government contract from receiving additional ones ; Democratic Rep Rosa DeLauro sponsored amendment on grounds that Accenture , which is based in Bermuda , would be exempt from paying most of its taxes to US ( M )
Despite signs that retailers on average fared well during the first weekend of the holiday shopping season , the weak results from Wal-Mart raised questions about how much consumers might spend this season .
The testimony of Mr. Allchin , a senior vice president in charge of the technical development of the company 's Windows operating system , is a salvo in Microsoft 's legal fight with the Government over how the lawsuit is framed , which is crucial to the outcome of the case .
The disc was produced by Hear Music record label , which produces CD 's only at Starbucks .
Lars Nyberg , the chief executive of AT & T 's Global Information Services division , will head the new computer division .
Interpublic has been exploring the realm of cybercommunications in two ways .
Microsoft Sets Shifts in Internet Strategy
A.T. & T. Paying $ 12.6 Billion for McCaw Cellular
''They have come up with about 10 different theories about their clot , '' Jonathan Skidmore , a lawyer for Merck , said in an interview , ''but none of their theories have any evidence .
''Morgan Stanley historically does better than other major firms in shaky markets , '' said John Keefe , president of Keefe Worldwide , a financial services consulting firm .
The two companies had become increasingly bogged down over scores of questions about how they could work together if A.T. & T. was merely an investor .
For this purpose , Apple includes a new program called iDVD , which brings iMovie-like simplicity to the act of designing a menu system and encoding digital home movies into DVD format .
I.B.M. , Hewlett-Packard , Sun Microsystems and even Dell have signed on to use its chips .
Grey is one of the four main worldwide agencies for Procter , along with D'Arcy ; the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago , part of Leo Group , and Saatchi & Saatchi in New York , part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C .
''Sufficient market demand has not yet developed to justify committing the significant investment required to develop larger versions of the 747 , '' Ron Woodard , president of the Boeing Commercial Airplane Group , said in a statement .
Amazon.com , the online retailer , said yesterday that its sales rose 31 percent in the fourth quarter , helped by a tax benefit , but its earnings disappointed investors growing concerned about increased competition and rising expenses .
The meeting was Mr. Gerstner 's eighth annual spring briefing for analysts since he took over the reins at I.B.M .
Beginning next year , Intel will begin introducing chips that follow a new plan it calls IA-64 , short for Intel 's 64-bit architecture .
Whirlpool , which is based in Benton Harbor , Mich. , offered few details today about what plants might be closed or what jobs might be cut , but the company said it would take a series of charges for the reorganization next year totaling about $ 300 million to $ 350 million .
In a letter sent to 350 Web sites it advertises with in the United States and Canada , I.B.M .
Hartford Financial Services Group is nearly tripling its reserves to pay for potential claims for asbestos-related illnesses and deaths ; will add $ 3.97 billion to its asbestos reserves , bringing them to $ 5.96 billion ; increase will result in net loss of $ 1.39 billion for first quarter after reductions for taxes and coverage provided by other insurers ; hopes to raise $ 1.85 billion through sale of stock , bonds and other securities and is cutting 1,500 jobs , or about 5 percent of its work force ; is getting out of volatile business of reinsurance ; chief executive Ramani Ayer comments ; chart ; photo ( M )
Intel 's Results Slightly Beat Expectations
Target also enjoys a reputation for wit and even chic : ads show paper clips arranged as a woman 's shirt , a pleated lampshade as a skirt .
But many independent analysts and WorldCom 's most direct competitor , AT & T , say that the company would have no choice but to emerge a wiser and more conservative business , one more focused on making money than on generating sales at any cost .
Clearing the way for a merger that would make Pfizer Inc. the world 's biggest pharmaceutical company , the Federal Trade Commission approved its combination with the Warner-Lambert Company yesterday on condition that the companies shed businesses in four categories .
But Chubb , the third-largest security systems company in the world , may not be in the best bargaining position to demand a higher price because its stock was down 60 percent this year before news of the interest of United Technologies was reported .
One notebook entry , written in a crimped script , stated that the Microsoft executive said if I.B.M .
Interpublic , as with other agency companies , like the Omnicom Group and the WPP Group , has been hammered by the drastic downturn in advertising spending , leading to the worst results for the advertising industry in decades .
Boeing also replaced a mix of stock options , restricted stock and performance-based compensation at 3M with 391,000 restricted shares of Boeing .
Mr. Chenault stressed that American Express would continue to focus on wealthy customers , rather than pursuing a mass-market strategy .
He is also still entitled to stock , options and long-term compensation worth at least another $ 258 million , according to a proxy statement filed by Exxon with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday .
The Justice Department , of course , has been arguing that Microsoft improperly used the market power of its Windows operating system to extend its domination into the browser market .
Merck & Co 's Japanese subsidiary MSD ( Japan ) Co wins approval to buy remaining 49 percent of Banyu Pharmaceutical Co it does not own ; will pay 181.5 billion yen ( $ 1.5 billion ) for outstanding shares ( S )
A similar service , Web TV , which is offered by Microsoft , has been relatively slow to take off .
''What Yahoo has done is unconscionable , '' said Seth Godin , Yahoo 's former vice president for direct marketing .
In November , the Justice Department arrived at a consent decree with Microsoft .
When Samsung , the consumer electronics giant , decided to mount a serious challenge to Apple Computer 's iPod music player early last year , it turned to a little-known Silicon Valley software start-up with a cluttered one-room office tucked away here in a building above a mortgage title company .
If the ads do their job , that will translate into cruise vacations with Royal Caribbean or Celebrity .
Time Warner declined to comment on a potential agreement ; representatives for the S.E.C .
The center is planning to build a $ 300 million research laboratory using technology similar to that at I.B.M .
Mr. Glaser , the founder of RealNetworks , is a former executive of Microsoft who left on friendly terms but later became a bitter rival after Microsoft decided that media-playing software would be crucial to its long-term growth .
New York and Microsoft Expected To File Civil Suits in Spam Case
Marsh & McLennan , which the New York attorney general 's office has accused of bid-rigging and price-fixing , said last night that it was setting up a fund to be used for restitution in any settlement agreement .
Oracle Says Profit Rose 35 % to Exceed Expectations
stock has often traded wildly on the day it posted earnings , first in response to the earnings and then to comments from I.B.M .
Yahoo plans to build 100 individual entertainment Web sites to pull together content from its vast online properties ( M )
The kit , available online for $ 30 , works best with the Nike+ line of shoes , which cost about $ 100 .
General Motors signed an agreement with the William Morris Agency , Beverly Hills , Calif. , under which the agency will seek entertainment marketing deals for G. M. in realms including movies , television , music , sponsorships and sports .
In another signal of consumer confidence , the teenage clothing chain Abercrombie & Fitch and the office supply chain Staples posted strong first-quarter earnings yesterday , though Staples ' sales growth was tepid .
Most of the anger at the cruise line reflects a sense of betrayal many Alaskans say they felt when they learned of Royal Caribbean 's activities .
MCDONALD 'S has a suggestion for Americans , who are becoming obese in alarming numbers : get some exercise .
Microsoft and Universal Music Group enter agreement under which Universal will license its recordings for Microsoft 's new digital music service in exchange for percentage of sales of Microsoft 's new portable media play , Zune , and percentage of download revenue ; Universal , unit of Vivendi , says it will pay half of what it receives on device to its artists , who include U2 and Jay-Z ; deal reprsents big departure from standard set by Apple Computer , which pays record companies for songs sold through its iTunes service but does not give them cut of sales of its iPod ; move reflects Universal 's recognition that for all the runaway success of gadgets like iPod , consumers are still not buying enough digital music to make up for declining sales of music on compact disks ( M )
Boeing says its 777-200LR is a step above the A340 , however .
Over the last year , Microsoft has been struggling to move its business customers from a traditional software-licensing business model to a subscription-oriented one .
Apple has sold more than three million video downloads in the last two months .
Still Microsoft 's MSN online service , with 8.7 million subscribers in the United States , is a distant second to America Online , which has 26.5 million , according to IDC .
Today , mini-mills produce more than half the steel made in the United States , with Nucor being the largest and most profitable .
Class H shareholders will have stakes in both News and Hughes , but not in Fox .
But Intel executives warned investors that they would not see these growth rates in the current quarter , which is traditionally a much weaker quarter .
Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley have taken dead aim at Schwab with recent introductions of online trading services for the same $ 29.95 commission that Schwab charges .
The hearing today was a remarkable turn of events in the long-running Microsoft case , illustrating how sharply alliances have shifted .
Several industry executives said that Hewlett had been far down the road toward trying to create and market a competitive digital music player before it decided it could not do as well as Apple and should concentrate on what it can do best .
Wal-Mart uses former CIA , FBI and Justice Dept officials to serve as rapid-response team , aggressively policing and enforcing company 's modest by-the-books culture among its 1.8 million employees ; team is known internally for its bare-knuckled no-expense-spared investigations of employees who break company 's ironclad ethics rules ; team 's inquiries , which span the globe , have led to ouster of high-profile board member who used company funds to buy hunting equipment , two senior advertising executives who took expensive trips from potential supplier and computer technician who taped reporter 's telephone calls ; many companies investigate employees to guard against fraud and protect trade secrets , but few are as unforgiving about employees ' wayward behavior ; this may be legacy of founder Sam Walton , who equated misconduct with inefficiency that would cost customers money ; case that best demonstrates company 's prowess may be exhaustive investigation of Julie Roehm and Sean Womack , former Wal-Mart marketing executives ; details of that investigation are disclosed in Wal-Mart 's countersuit in response to Roehm 's wrongful termination suit ; Wal-Mart 's security department is run by Kenneth H Senser , former top official at CIA and FBI ; photo ( M )
Procter & Gamble and group of well-connected investors from Hamburg are each circling Beiersdorf , German consumer-products company best known for its Nivea skin cream ; arbiter will be insurance giant Allianz , which owns 43 percent stake in Beiersdorf , worth about $ 4.7 billion , and is ready to sell ; deal has alarmed Tchibo Holding , Beiersdorf 's second-largest shareholder , which is controlled by Hamburg dynasty Herz family ; executives with ties to Tchibo say if Procter & Gamble were to gain control , it would lay off many of Beiersdorf 's 4,800 workers , move its headquarters out of Hamburg , and merge company into German cosmetics company Wella that it acquired earlier this year ; Procter has not yet floated bid , but company 's chief executive A G Lafley says he is interested ; photo ( M )
After the market closed Intel said that its sales in the current quarter would be within the lower end of its previous forecast .
So when people at International Business Machines talk about a patent for a virus detective , they like to say they are building an immune system for cyberspace .
GE Capital will provide Xerox with as much as $ 5 billion in financing over the next eight years , the two companies said yesterday .
Apple Computer Inc. said today that it was expanding into the retail business , confirming that it planned to open its first store on May 19 .
Intel has responded to protests about the feature , a built-in serial number , by offering a specific software program , known as a utility program , to prevent the number 's being read by other software .
The plane , known as the Dreamliner , symbolizes Boeing 's belief that the airline industry is moving toward more-frequent direct flights between cities , and away from its reliance on vast hub airports that funnel passengers .
Facing a barrage of criticism from Microsoft 's rivals and the nine states for settling too leniently , Mr. James said the proposed remedy closely fitted the violations , and that what were described as loopholes in the agreement were justifiable .
A Yale Law School student , writing on the school 's Web log , condemned Electronic Arts as ''a classic despot '' that is ''using its powers to single out individual critics for the dungeons and the firing squads . ''
This was the third time since September that Kodak had cut its profit forecast .
Class-action suit pits retailers against Visa and Mastercard ; dispute , led by Wal-Mart and Sears , Roebuck , centers on whether card companies can compel merchants to accept their debit cards , which , when processed with signatures , carry much more expensive service charges for merchants than do ordinary credit card purchases ( M )
Citigroup Inc. , the conglomeration of the former Salomon Brothers investment bank and several other financial-services companies , told its employees yesterday that it planned to rename its corporate banking and brokerage operations early next year .
During the trial Mr. McGeady underwent a withering cross-examination by Microsoft 's lawyers .
Shares of Merck declined 3.49 euros , or 4.47 percent , to 74.64 euros in Frankfurt .
The English-language China Daily yesterday said in a front-page article that the state-owned China Southwest Airlines , which has bought all of its large passenger jets from Boeing , tested a 124-seat Airbus jet in Tibet last week .
In the fall of 1995 , America Online and Netscape , the browser pioneer , were eager to forge a strategic alliance to fight Microsoft , which they saw as ''the common enemy , '' according to an internal document written by Stephen M. Case , the chairman of America Online .
Yesterday , Newell Rubbermaid , the maker of Calphalon cookware and Levolor blinds , said it would cut 3,000 jobs , or about 6 percent of its work force , over the next three years .
Boeing now sells more than 60 percent of the world 's commercial airplanes , while Airbus has captured about a 30 percent share .
When Mr. Klein was finished , the Microsoft lawyers said they wanted to think about it .
Microsoft had licensed the original core technology for its browser from Spyglass , another Internet browser company , he said , and did not need Netscape 's help .
Correction : October 17 , 2003 , Friday An article in World Business yesterday about natural gas projects in Qatar misstated a term of Exxon Mobil 's investment in one project .
Bank of America is eliminating fees on money transfers to Mexico for its account holders in a sign of the increasing competition in the United States for the Hispanic market .
Apple is clearly the early leader with its iTunes online music store , which downloads and plays songs only on Apple 's popular iPod handheld devices .
Airbus is expected to announce 8 billion euro ( $ 10.2 billion ) revamp of midsize A350 plane amid criticism of current design ; delay of up to two years will give Boeing comfortable lead in battle for lucrative business of 200- to 300-seat planes ; Boeing has secured 350 orders for its 787 aircraft , compared to just 100 for Airbus 's A350 ; photo ( M )
''MTV now officially stands for 'Moonves Takes Viacom , ' '' a reference to the CBS Corporation chief Leslie Moonves , was just one of his zingers .
Some of the businesses , like equipment leasing , may also be folded back into divisions within General Electric .
Several of Ford 's problems are common among the Big Three automakers , though General Motors has shown the healthiest operating results of the group in recent years .
IBM is intensifying its battle with Microsoft over increasingly popular Linux operating system with TV ad campaign to begin Sept 5 , intended to burnish image of Linux rather than sell IBM products and services ( S )
and Microsoft yesterday to announce the official start of Amicore , an independent software and services company that aims to provide office automation products to doctors .
CISCO ADDS A COMPANY .
European Commission imposes 33 percent tariff on memory chips produced by South Korea 's Hynix Semiconductor ; charges near-bankrupt company received 'enormous subsidies ' from 'government-owned or controlled South Korean banks ' ; says subsidies , acting on complaint of Infineon Technologies of Germany , had 'highly negative impact ' on European semiconductor industry , forcing European manufacturers to suffer average loss of 96 percent on memory chips ; commission 's decision comes as severe blow to Hynix , already battered by preliminary decision by US Commerce Department on April 1 to impose 57 percent tariff in response to complaint by Micron Technology ; European and American decisions call into question policy of Hynix 's creditors , led by Korea Exchange Bank , to guarantee company 's survival ; photo ( M )
United Automobile Workers announces details of its tentative agreement with General Motors to impose health benefit cuts on union retirees ; GM retirees will have to pay deductibles , monthly premiums and co-payments for services like X-rays for first time ; retired GM worker could pay as much as $ 370 a year for traditional coverage , option most retirees favor ; retired family could pay as much as $ 752 ; they now pay nothing for coverage ; active workers are also being asked to make their own concessions by giving up $ 1 an hour in 2006 by deferring cost-of-living adjustments and planned wage increases ; money will be contributed to fund created to help pay retiree medical costs ; photo of UAW president Ron Gettelfinger and negotiator Richard Shoemaker ( M )
The offer is expected to set off a takeover battle between Boston Scientific and Johnson & Johnson , which had already agreed to buy Guidant for $ 21.4 billion .
Selective consumers shop at Wal-Mart 26 times a year , according to Mr. Fleming 's data , far less often than loyalists , who go 57 times a year .
''We are local broadcasters ourselves , '' said Preston Padden , the head of worldwide satellite operations for the News Corporation .
Microsoft Says It Licensed Its Media Player to a Rival
David Pogue State of the Art column compares four value-priced computers by Apple , Dell , EMachines and Gateway ; photos ; drawing ; chart compares features and prices ( M )
On Wednesday , Mr. van Miert is expected to hand Boeing a list of ''objections '' to the McDonnell Douglas deal .
NEWS WATCH Correction : January 13 , 2001 , Saturday A report in the News Watch column of Circuits on Thursday comparing the price of a new 15-inch flat panel computer monitor from Philips Electronics with one from Apple Computer gave an outdated price for the Apple product .
Mr. Taylor responded by saying Boeing was ''committed to working with our counterparts in Korea in shaping the future of aerospace . ''
But several people close to the companies said that in 2001 , Color Kinetics had worked extensively with Apple on the concept , only to have Apple back out of a deal at the last moment .
Companies as diverse as Gillette , Procter & Gamble , International Paper and Canon USA are teaming up with retailers and customers to apply technology known as radio-frequency identification to tracking products from time they leave assembly line to time they leave store ; companies are tagging products with computer chips laden with information about content , origin and destination ; are also equipping shelves , doors and walls with sensors that can record that data when products are near ; Philips Semiconductor , unit of Royal Philips Electronics , is leading maker of chips ; diagram ; photo ( M )
The T. Rowe Price fund does have a big position in General Electric , mainly because G.E .
Proclaiming the onset of a third ''golden age '' of personal computing , Steven P. Jobs today offered Apple Computer 's latest bid to regain its luster : a revamped Macintosh line and an ultra-thin , titanium-clad portable model .
Boeing is enjoying heady times in Asia ; latest evidence came from Seoul last week , when Korean Air Lines announced order for 25 jets from Boeing ; deal is estimated to be worth $ 5.5 billion at list prices , but significantly less once discounts typical of such talks are taken into consideration ; Asia 's airlines have been lining up to buy new planes to feed surging demand for travel ; International Air Transport Association forecasts that traffic in Asia will grow almost 7 percent this year , compared with about 5 percent in North America and Europe ; other orders from Asian carriers for both Boeing and Airbus planes discussed ; graph ; photos ( L )
The Ford Motor Company said today that the headquarters of its Lincoln-Mercury division would move to Southern California , marking the first time that a division of one of the Big Three domestic auto makers has moved out of the Detroit area .
Joel I. Klein , the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Justice Department 's antitrust division , suggested on Monday that Microsoft would have to make significant concessions for him to approve a settlement .
While disappointed , Medtronic said it was encouraged that Endeavor 's greater susceptibility to the buildup of scar tissue , a process known as restenosis , did not lead to a significant difference in serious health consequences for the 436 patients in the trial .
Previously , Yahoo had predicted a rebound in its fourth-quarter sales to as much as $ 250 million , but yesterday it said its revenue would be in the range of the $ 160 million to $ 180 million it had forecast for the recent quarter .
When NBC 's revenue later picked up , General Electric seemed loath to part with it . )
In a conference call with securities analysts , Fred Anderson , Apple 's chief financial officer , said Apple had orders for 200,000 iBooks but had only been able to ship 6,000 units in the quarter .
Merck also predicted yesterday that sales of two of its best-selling drugs would fall short of analysts ' expectations in 2006 .
Last week , Pete Higgins , the top Microsoft executive who looked after the company 's on-line efforts , announced that he would take a six-month leave of absence beginning in January and then return in an unspecified capacity .
Boston Scientific 's bid surprised Wall Street , which had long assumed that any attempt by the company to gain a major foothold in the heart-device market would come in the form of a bid for St. Jude Medical , a smaller player than Guidant .
Steeped in the telecommunications industry , Mr. Dorman , 48 , has been president of Sprint 's business-services unit , chairman of Pacific Bell and , after an ill-fated detour into cyberspace as chairman of Pointcast Inc. , chief executive of the Concert joint venture between AT & T and British Telecommunications .
investigation into the theft of Microsoft 's source code ; the inquiry began earlier this year and is continuing .
American Express Unit Agrees to Settle Sex Discrimination Case
He said Cisco would segregate the goods and put them in ''a secured area . ''
Interested buyers could find plenty of lower prices elsewhere , including in Amazon 's marketplace , where outside vendors were advertising new copies of the book for $ 15 .
They will make way for the United Parcel Service , the Goldman Sachs Group , Prudential Financial , the Principal Financial Group , eBay , Electronic Arts and SunGard Data Systems , all with headquarters in the United States .
Much of the reason for that focus is that the company 's failure to win DirecTV has left the News Corporation a spectator rather than a participant in the consolidation of pay-TV distributors in the United States .
The banks , including Citigroup and J. P. Morgan Chase of the United States as well as Deutsche Bank and Banco Santander Central Hispano of Europe , pledged to keep up their lending after meeting in Manhattan with Brazil 's finance minister and the president of the Brazil 's central bank .
Peterson Milla Expands Work on Mattel Dolls
She is both a superb analyst and a tough but smart manager , said Thomas H. Hanley , who covers Citigroup for Friedman Billings Ramsey .
Oracle customers with long memories may remember other category-killer announcements that did not pan out , like Oracle Documents , which was positioned as a Lotus Notes killer , and Oracle Power Objects , which was supposed to kill Powersoft , a popular product , now owned by Sybase , that is used by programmers to create applications .
Microsoft has partnerships with several organizations to examine ways of addressing the issue of women in technology .
The Microsoft Corporation and the Government filed new declarations in court on Friday , revising the voluminous findings of fact each side filed last month in the Federal antitrust suit against the company .
Oracle shares fell 88 cents , to $ 27.50 , before the report today .
Apple 's share in the United States market for personal computers declined slightly to 3.2 percent from 3.5 percent , according to a survey released Wednesday by the International Data Corporation , a market research firm in Framingham , Mass .
Mr. Blake 's starkest break with Mr. Nardelli appears to have emerged over Home Depot 's wholesale supply business .
Apple fans , frequently smitten by the company 's industrial design as much as by the technology inside its products , often put their devices on display .
Propecia was originally introduced as Proscar , Merck 's prostate reduction drug , while Zyban was first rolled out by Glaxo Wellcome as Wellbutrin , an antidepressant .
EBay 's revenue , which comes mainly from listing and transaction fees , was $ 648.4 million , up 57 percent .
Bankruptcy court clears way for creditors of bankrupt Iridium to sue Motorola for billions of dollars ; creditors contend that Motorola maintained control of Iridium 's board of directors and operated company to Iridium 's detriment ( M )
''The merits of both cases may never be decided because no one is going to outlast Intel , '' said Ronald S. Katz , a partner with Coudert Brothers in San Francisco .
Over the last year , analysts say , some of the world 's largest drug and life sciences companies have been scrambling to position themselves in the fast-growing field of genetically engineered crops and drugs , and companies like DuPont want to be involved with seeds to guarantee greater access to that business .
''Because we lacked protection for many of our inventions , we pushed hard to get those patents issued as soon as possible , '' Stuart Watt , Amgen 's chief patent counsel , said in a written statement .
Cisco 's 4th-Quarter Numbers Meet Wall Street Expectations
Intel Shows Software to Run High-Definition TV on PC 's
Time Warner promised to attempt to resolve the situation as soon as possible .
Consider Microsoft 's deals with the Web sites prominently featured on the company 's browser software .
But I.B.M .
In an abrupt strategy reversal , Philip J. Purcell , the chief executive of Morgan Stanley , said yesterday that his board had authorized him to pursue a spinoff of the company 's Discover credit card business .
Intel and Micron Plan Flash-Memory Venture
The Interpublic shake-up is the most extensive on Madison Avenue since March 1997 , when the two top executives of the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago , now the Leo Burnett Worldwide division of the Publicis Groupe , resigned after losing the support of other senior managers .
George E. Pataki hailed I.B.M .
American Airlines , a unit of AMR , said it would begin daily nonstop service between Chicago and Shanghai on April 2 , using Boeing 777 's .
Although his site and SwapAGift.com offer slightly different services , both owe their inspiration to www.ebay.com , which has long trafficked in unwanted gift cards .
Some speculated that they must have been leaked or stolen from Verizon itself .
The Puget Sound area and the state of Washington are now facing one of their worst nightmares -- the possibility that Boeing , its biggest employer , will move final assembly of its next wide-body jet , the 7E7 , to another state .
Of the orders for 57 aircraft Boeing has received from China over the last two years , 27 deals were formally ordered during President Clinton 's visit to Beijing last June .
IBM announces new initiative to support and exploit technology known as grid computing , which company and much of computer research community say is next evolutionary step in development of Internet ; technology amasses processing power of networks , giving personal computers supercomputer capabilities ( M )
It can actually crash PC 's , and owners of iMac computers from Apple Computer have found that they sometimes can not eject the discs .
The bearish news from the personal computer industry may be sowing fear in Silicon Valley , but none of that anxiety is apparent on the sprawling corporate campus of Microsoft , whose software fortunes were built on the PC boom .
''Ambitious plans do not change the fact of Microsoft 's desktop monopoly and how it used it . ''
The company 's star division , however , was its constellation of pay-TV channels , which include regional sports networks , FX , the Speed Channel , the National Geographic Channel and , most prominently , Fox News .
At the same time , Ms. Corlett said , Wal-Mart must not ''make the lower- and middle-income shoppers who are very possessive about Wal-Mart feel like they 're not at home anymore . ''
Royal Dutch Shell , Chevron and other oil companies said they were evacuating some employees from offshore oil platforms in anticipation of Tropical Storm Rita .
Asheron 's Call , medieval role-playing adventure that Microsoft Network will unveil this summer , is meant to be sustainable society instead of shooting gallery common to most on-line games ; another aspect that separates Asheron 's Call from other on-line communities is element of narrative ; other sites allow user to buy , trade and relate ; Asheron 's Call has story , enacted on micro level by individual players but driven forward in great sweeping arcs by team of designers ; diagram ( M )
''What you 've seen from Merck is an act of desperation , '' he said .
Such support , particularly from Intel , whose close ties to Microsoft have recently shown signs of fraying , would lend considerable credibility both to Linux and to Red Hat 's plans to build a business by providing customer service and technical support for the free operating system .
Abbott Laboratories , nation 's largest maker of medical diagnostic devices , will pay $ 100 million fine to settle accusations that company failed to meet federal quality standards when it made hundreds of varieties of medical test kits ; will , under terms of consent decree , change practices over next year and discontinue manufacture or distribution of any of kits developed using allegedly faulty manufacturing process ; denies kits , used to evaluate blood and urine samples and offer diagnoses in treatment of ailments , were faulty ; FDA says while there is no evidence that consumers were harmed by kits , manufacturing process was so deficient as to raise doubts about their effectiveness ; says process posed risk of creating kits that could result in faulty or erroneous diagnoses ; fine is largest ever levied by agency ( M )
After Bad Year , Xerox Ousts Top Executive
The company , and Mr. Molson personally , are under unusually intense public scrutiny .
Mr. Ellison also said that Oracle was continuing to consider three or four other acquisitions , even while its bid for PeopleSoft is pending .
You can not find mortgage information under ''Personal Banking '' at Bank of America .
Correction : January 19 , 2006 , Thursday An article in Business Day yesterday about Coca-Cola 's decision to appoint an executive to oversee its operations outside North America misstated the company 's position compared with a rival , PepsiCo .
Mr. Gates said Microsoft would focus on developing products for the Indian market , including products tailored to low-cost computing .
But Wal-Mart , analysts said , might be an exception .
Pres Bush chooses Robert B Zoellick , senior diplomat and trade envoy who joined Goldman Sachs last year , to lead World Bank and try to heal bitter rifts from tenure of Paul Wolfowitz ; Sec Henry Paulson says Zoellick emerged as first choice of economic ministers around world who want leader to overcome bank 's credibility problems among donors and recipients alike ; cites Zoellick 's strong track record , energy and management capabilities ; photo ; Zoellick , 53 , has served in high foreign policy posts in Reagan and two Bush administrations , including trade representative from 2001 to 2005 and deputy secretary of state until last July ; he is considered strong-willed , demanding and occasionally abrasive but has built network of admirers and allies around world ( M )
But with office space in Manhattan at a premium , Morgan Stanley Dean Witter and the Rockefeller Group Development Corporation are using the site to develop a 32-story building .
A transcript of the July meeting shows that bidders were concerned even then that Halliburton would have a competitive advantage over other companies because it was already working with the Corps of Engineers in Iraq and helping to assess the repairs needed at oil production sites and pipelines after the war and years of an economic embargo .
Analysts praised Amazon for getting out of a tough business .
Adobe reported a 33 percent drop in earnings on a 3 percent drop in revenue for the third quarter , and a work force reduction of 240 to 300 employees and contractors , or about 13 percent of its total .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers said that because they assumed that Bextra would one day be withdrawn , yesterday 's news had more effect on the timing of lawsuits against Pfizer than on the strength of the arguments .
Marriott conducted focus groups when it planned the test service .
The computers were shipped from I.B.M .
Mrs. Raouf is part of a demographic segment highly sought after by General Electric , Intel , Honeywell and other companies that want to deliver security and better quality of life for senior citizens without using high-cost nursing services or other paid companions .
And buying a satellite company like EchoStar would take Disney away from its corporate strategy of focusing solely on creating entertainment programming rather than investing in cable or satellite operations , moves that would only validate Comcast 's strategy .
In addition , the company said it was benefiting from the rollout of several important new products , including its latest mainframe computer , and payments from other companies eager to use I.B.M .
Last week , in fact , I.B.M .
''The challenge for Oracle is not to build a better mousetrap to beat Siebel , '' Mr. Cameron added .
Microsoft says it hired many media types but learned , for example , that what brings people back to Sidewalk is not witty reviews or flashy graphics but sophisticated programs that help people find the events they are looking for and then display a map of nearby restaurants .
Eric W. Rabe , a Verizon spokesman , even ventured that his company had made a better wireless deal than had SBC Communications , the No .
Mr. Dahlberg 's retirement is effective with the spinoff of the Mirant Corporation , formerly called Southern Energy , which is the primary growth engine for the 56-year-old company .
Some on Wall Street have been suspicious of that performance , whispering that I.B.M .
The quarter was the first since the second quarter of 2001 that Cisco sales have been higher than $ 5 billion .
A.T. & T. technology , said John L. Gray , assistant vice president of the NCR unit responsible for A.T.M .
Shares of First Security gained $ 1.1875 yesterday , to $ 13.375 , while Wells Fargo slipped 25 cents , to $ 39.50 .
After struggling without success for a year and a half to get the Eastman Kodak Company 's troubled digital imaging business on track , Robert M. Unterberger resigned yesterday as the division 's president .
But the company sent e-mail messages to buyers of the necklaces , saying it had bought the items from a distributor in Canada , who in turn -- according to Overstock -- had bought them from Tiffany 's Italian division .
The Band is distinguished from other angel networks by the credentials of its members , many of them veterans of Intel , Sun Microsystems and other icons of technology development .
And the American Express Foundation set aside $ 1 million to create and administer a disaster relief fund .
European Commission antitrust officials are investigating broadcast-rights deals between Hollywood film studios and some European subscription TV companies ; commission spokeswoman Amelia Torres says officials are focusing on duration of exclusive contracts that seven largest movie companies has with one European pay TV company ; does not identify company , but analysts believe it is Canal Plus of France ; officials also suspect that prices for pay TV rights may have been inflated by collusion ; companies like Canal Plus , British Sky Broadcasting and Sogecable of Spain have signed identical contracts with seven largest studios agreeing to pay high prices to all of them in return for exclusive rights in their territories ; Walt Disney and BSkyB , controlled by News Corp , confirm they have been approached by commission as part of investigation ( M )
Investment bankers were encouraged just enough to present the idea to Exxon executives early this year , this deal maker said , but it appeared to fall flat .
While pagers and cellular telephones are well known and branded with the Motorola ''wings '' logo , few know that the company deals in something called ''embedded solutions . ''
The site is being created by an agency new to the Coca-Cola roster , Ms. Bjorhus said : Strategic Interactive Group in Boston , a unit of Bronner Slosberg Humphrey .
There is some speculation that Barrick Gold of Canada may enter fray with Newmont Mining of Denver and South Africa 's AngloGold as they battle for control of Australia 's largest gold producer , Normandy Mining ; Barrick has highest market and strongest balance sheet of any gold producer in world has just completed $ 2.3 billion acquisition of Homestake Mining Co of Walnut Creek , Calif , which made it world 's second-largest producer , after AngloGold and just ahead of Newmont ; photo of Randall Olphant , president of Barrick ; photo of goldminers at work ( M )
Next year , Pfizer could lose sole control of Neurontin , an epilepsy drug with $ 2.5 billion in sales .
For millions of users worldwide , Word , Excel and Powerpoint -- Microsoft 's word processing , spreadsheet and presentation programs -- constitute a universal language of modern computer-mediated business .
Abrupt decision to end trial of drug torcetrapib is shocking disappointment for Pfizer , which invested nearly $ 1 billion in it , and for people who suffer from heart disease ; cardiologists had hoped drug would reduce buildup of plaques in blood vessels that can cause heart attacks ; Pfizer officials said just last week that company was hoping to get Food and Drug Administration approval for it in 2007 ; trials were stopped on news that 82 people died in clinical trial , versus 51 people in same trial who had not taken it ; for those with heart disease , torcetrapib 's failure means that progress may be slowing after two decades of substantial advances against the disease ; medicines to lower blood pressure and bad cholesterol are already effective and widely used , yet heart disease remains biggest cause of death in United States , killing 911,000 people in 2003 ; because torcetrapib-related deaths occurred during clinical trial , before drug reached market , Pfizer will not face product liability lawsuits that have dogged other drugmakers with other drugs ; photos ; chronological chart of drug 's journey ( M )
''There 's an overarching concern among the general public that e-commerce still has a way to go , '' said Bill Hartnett , global director for financial services at Microsoft , which plans to announce Identrus today .
Analysts said that Apple 's ability to increase this percentage was crucial to its success .
Intel said its tax rate would be higher than expected during the current quarter because of an additional $ 250 million in taxes paid on the repatriation of foreign earnings .
''Maybe diversifying the business is a good long-term move , '' said Timothy M. Ghriskey , chief investment officer of Solaris Asset Management , which sold all of its Home Depot shares in June .
The biggest growth in this area is from Yahoo 's Internet access service , provided through SBC Communications in the United States .
Ford Motor Workers Get on the Job Training in Religious Tolerance
Besides the plant closings , Merck is shutting three research laboratories .
Exxon 's oil and gas , from fields with recoverable reserves estimated at 2.3 billion barrels of oil and 17.1 trillion cubic feet of gas , will flow into an existing Russian-owned pipeline network , drawn from seven wells drilled by the Yastreb rig of Exxon .
''This is not just for Microsoft , but the whole PC industry . ''
Earlier this month , an Intel executive called executives at the Symantec Corporation , maker of the popular Norton Antivirus software , and told them that the demonstration program was ''hostile code . ''
As clocks struck 12:01 a.m. , when an agreement that allows the cable company to carry the stations ran out , Time Warner began blocking the signals , including that of WABC-TV in New York , which reaches 1.2 million households on Time Warner
The commercials use humor to illustrate Xerox 's capabilities .
Mr. Wilson and other analysts said that Mr. Riccitiello was well regarded on Wall Street and that his past operating experience at Electronic Arts , where he spent seven years , could be valuable in helping the company squeeze out new profits .
William Clay Ford Jr. , the chairman of the Ford Motor Company , has been frustrated in recent months at being left out of decisions at the company that bears his family 's name , people close to Ford 's leadership said .
But executives at the General Electric Company , based in Fairfield , Conn. , said it had absorbed most of the increasing health care costs and continued to pay more than four-fifths of overall health costs .
Viacom , which last month demanded that YouTube remove more than 100,000 clips of its programming from the site , has been the most vocal Google critic by far .
An army of auction assistants , typically individuals or small enterprises with experience selling their goods on eBay , has long stood ready to help sellers overcome such hurdles .
Indeed , the portable market -- which Apple once dominated -- has become one of the weaknesses of the company 's business model because the market has shifted in the direction of the lighter and more profitable machines .
William M. Zeitler , senior vice president for I.B.M .
Coca-Cola sent a single truckload of Coke into North Korea from China yesterday , moving to expand its Korean peninsula sales , which have been struggling over the last year .
In fact , mainland China is now a tiny market for Apple .
Many game players at this year 's show said that although the Xbox appeared to have a slight technical advantage , Microsoft had been able to develop only one or two games that exploit it .
Excerpts from Justice Department 's supporting evidence in its antitrust action against Microsoft Corp , and Microsoft 's position on excerpts , in point-counterpoint format ( L )
Ms. Williams of Wal-Mart noted labor unions have financed organizations that have been critical of Wal-Mart , like the Economic Policy Institute , which received $ 2.5 million from unions in 2005 .
Growing our business here will bring more balance to Halliburton 's overall portfolio . ''
